The African-led International Support Mission to the Central African Republic (MISCA, French acronym for "Mission internationale de soutien à la Centrafrique sous conduite africaine" ) is an African Union peacekeeping mission to the Central African Republic.
 MISCA was established on 5 December 2013 by United Nations Security Council resolution 2127 to stabilise the country as a result of the Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration and following the 2013 Central African Republic coup d'état.
The FIBA Africa Championship 1974 was hosted by the Central African Republic from April 5 to April 15, 1974.
 The games were played in Bangui.
 Central African Republic won the tournament, its first African Championship, by beating Senegal in the final.
 Central African Republic qualified for the 1974 FIBA World Championship by winning the tournament.
Sango (also spelled Sangho) is a creole language in the Central African Republic and the primary language spoken in the country.
 It is an official language of the Central African Republic, making the Central African Republic one of the few African countries with an indigenous language as an official language.
 It is used as a lingua franca across the country and had 450,000 native speakers in 1988.
 It also has 1.6 million second language speakers.
Bobangui (or Bougangui) is a large M'Baka village in Lobaye, Central African Republic, located at the edge of the equatorial forest some 80 km southwest of the capital, Bangui.
 The first Prime Minister of the Central African Republic, Barthélemy Boganda, the first President of the Central African Republic, David Dacko, and the emperor of the Central African Empire, Jean-Bédel Bokassa, were from Bobanqui.
Central African Republic–People's Republic of China relations refer to the bilateral relations of the Central African Republic and the People's Republic of China.
 Diplomatic relations between the People's Republic of China and the Central African Republic were established on September 29, 1964 when the CAR's government severed diplomatic relations with the Republic of China (Taiwan).
 China's ambassador to the Central African Republic is Ma Fulin as of 2017.
General Joseph Zoundeiko (died 11 February 2017; or Zindeko) was the leader of military wing of the Central African rebel milita alliance, Séléka.
 Born in Tiringoulou, Vakaga, he worked as a guard and tracker, securing parklands on the northwestern borders of the country from poachers from neighboring Chad and South Sudan.
 He joined the CAR army in 1997 and was promoted to lieutenant.
 In 2006, he joined the UFDR rebel group.
 President Djototia later promoted him to major, then colonel and brigadier general.
 He was appointed on May 9, 2014 by a Seleka congress that gathered more than 500 officers and officials in N'Délé.
 He has rejected the ceasefire deal agreed between Seleka and the largely Christian Anti-balaka militias agreed on July 24, 2014, saying the deal had been negotiated without proper input from the military wing.
 After the dissolution of Seleka, he became head of the Popular Front for the Renaissance of the Central African Republic (FPRC) and often fought with the largely Fulani and rival ex-Seleka militia, the Union for Peace in the Central African Republic (UPC) led by General Ali Darrassa.
 The FPRC reported on 12 February 2017 that Zoundeiko was killed when a UN helicopter fired on fighters advancing towards the town of Bambari the day before.
The Military ranks of Central African Republic are the military insignia used by the Central African Armed Forces.
 Being a former colony of France, Central African Republic shares a rank structure similar to that of France.
 Being a Landlocked country, the Central African Republic does not have a navy.
The history of the Central African Republic is roughly composed of four distinct periods.
 The earliest period of settlement began around 10,000 years ago when nomadic people first began to settle, farm and fish in the region.
 The next period began around 1,000 to 3,000 years ago when several non-indigenous groups began to migrate into the region from other parts of the continent.
 The third period involved the colonial conquest and rule of the country by France and Germany which spanned from the late 1800s until 1960 when the Central African Republic became an independent state.
 The final period has been the era during which the Central African Republic has been an independent state.
Wildlife in the Central African Republic is in the vast natural habitat located between the Congo Basin's rain forests and large savannas, where the human density was smaller than 0.5 per km prior to 1850.
 The forest area of 22.755 million has, considered as one of the richest storehouses of wild life spread over national parks, hunting reserves and community hunting areas, underwent a change over to an alarming situation of loss of wild life due to greed for ivory and bushmeat exploitation by the hunters, mostly Arab slavers from across the borders of the Central African Republic (Central African Republic) with Chad and Sudan.
Chad (Arabic: تشاد‎ ‎ ; French: "Tchad" ), officially the Republic of Chad, is a landlocked country in Central Africa.
 It borders Libya to the north, Sudan to the east, the Central African Republic to the south, Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest, and Niger to the west.
 Due to its distance from the sea and its largely desert climate, the country is sometimes referred to as the "Dead Heart of Africa".
