The Laura Ingalls Wilder Historic Highway is a named road connecting historic areas that relate to the life of author Laura Ingalls Wilder, best known for writing "Little House on the Prairie".
 The highway was first designated in 1995 as U.S. Route 14 from Lake Benton in southwest Minnesota to Mankato in the south-central part of the state.
 Since then, it has been extended into South Dakota, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
Nellie Oleson is a fictional character in the Little House series of autobiographical children's novels written by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
 She was portrayed by Alison Arngrim in the NBC television show "Little House on the Prairie" (1974 to 1983), where her role is much expanded.
 Three different girls from Laura Ingalls Wilder's childhood; Nellie Owens, Genevieve Masters and Stella Gilbert, were the basis for the fictional Nellie Oleson.
The Laura Ingalls Wilder Medal is a prize awarded by the American Library Association (ALA) to writers or illustrators of children's books published in the United States who have over a period of years made substantial and lasting contributions to children's literature.
 The bronze medal prize is named after its first winner, twentieth-century American author Laura Ingalls Wilder.
A Little House Traveler: Writings from Laura Ingalls Wilder’s Journeys Across America is a collection of early writings by Laura Ingalls Wilder, the author of the Little House series of children's novels.
 It consists of three parts: "On the Way Home", a diary originally published in 1962; "West from Home", a collection of letters from Wilder to her husband Almanzo Wilder written in 1915 and published in 1974; and "The Road Back", a previously unpublished diary.
The original Little House books were a series of eight autobiographical children's novels written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published by Harper & Brothers from 1932 to 1943.
 The eighth book, "These Happy Golden Years", featured Laura Ingalls at ages 15 to 18 and was originally published with one page at the end containing the note, "The end of the Little House books."
 The ninth and last novel written by Ingalls Wilder, "The First Four Years" was published posthumously and unfinished in 1971.
 Although her intentions are unknown, it is commonly considered part of the Little House series and is included in the 9-volume paperback box set "Little House, Big Adventure" (Harper Trophy, May 1994).
Wilder Homestead, also known as the Boyhood Home of Almanzo Wilder, is a historic home and farmstead near Malone in Franklin County, New York.
 The farmhouse was built in 1843, and is a two-story, Greek Revival style frame dwelling.
 The front facade features a small porch supported by square columns.
 It has a 1 1/2-story rear block with a small colonnaded portico.
 The property includes eight reconstructed outbuildings including a visitor's center (1989), corn crib (1989), three barns (1995, 1997, 1999), picnic pavilion (1998), rest rooms (1999), and pump house (2002).
 The Wilder family occupied the property until about 1875.
 The property is operated by the Almanzo & Laura Ingalls Wilder Association as an interactive educational center, museum and working farm as in the time of Almanzo Wilder's childhood as depicted in the Laura Ingalls Wilder book "Farmer Boy".
Laura Ingalls (1867–1957) is the birth name of American writer Laura Ingalls Wilder, author of the "Little House on the Prairie" books.
West from Home is a collection of letters sent by the American journalist Laura Ingalls Wilder to her husband Almanzo Wilder in 1915, published by Harper & Row in 1974 with the subtitle "Letters of Laura Ingalls Wilder, San Francisco, 1915".
 It was edited by Roger MacBride, the literary executor of their daughter Rose Wilder Lane, and provided with a historical "setting by Margot Patterson Doss".
 Wilder had been sent to San Francisco to write about the 1915 World's Fair and she visited Rose, who lived in that city, when she was 48 years old and Rose 28.
Laura Ingalls Wilder's Little House on the Prairie is a 2005 family western television miniseries directed by David L. Cunningham.
 It is a six-part adaptation of children's novels "Little House in the Big Woods" (1932) and "Little House on the Prairie" (1935) by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
 The series was broadcast on ABC as part of The Wonderful World of Disney anthology series.
The Laura Ingalls Wilder House is a historic house museum at 3060 Highway A in Mansfield, Missouri.
 Also known as Rocky Ridge Farm, it was the home of author Laura Ingalls Wilder from 1896 until her death in 1957.
 The author of the "Little House on the Prairie" series, Wilder began writing the series while living there.
 The house, together with the nearby Rock Cottage on the same property, represents one of the few surviving places where she resided.
 The house is owned by a local non-profit, and is open to the public for tours.
 It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1991.
