Avukaya is an ethnic group of South Sudan.
 Some members of this ethnic have fled to the Democratic Republic of the Congo due to persecution.
 About 50,000 members of this ethnic group live in South Sudan.
 Many members of this ethnic group belong to the Christian minority of South Sudan.
 The Avukaya traditionally live in a rain-forest area in Equatoria close to the Democratic Republic of Congo in Southern Sudan.
The Ovambo people, also called Aawambo, Ambo, Aawambo (Ndonga) or Ovawambo (Kwanyama), are a Southern African tribal ethnic group.
 They are the largest ethnic group of Namibia, found in its northern regions and more often called Ovambo.
 They are also found in southern Angolan province of Cunene where the name Ambo is more common.
 The Ovambo consist of a number of kindred Bantu ethnic tribes who inhabit what was formerly called Owamboland.
 Accounting for about fifty percent of the Namibian population, the Ovambo are its largest ethnic group.
 In Angola, they are a minority, accounting for about two percent of the total Angolan population.
The Ewe people (Ewe: "Eʋeawó" , lit.
 "Ewe people"; or " Eʋedukɔ́ ", lit.
 "Ewe nation","Eʋenyigba" Eweland;) are an African ethnic group.
 They are the largest ethnic group in Togo (32%), the third largest ethnic group in Ghana (14%), and are a minority ethnic group in southern Benin, Ivory Coast and Nigeria.
 They speak the Ewe language (Ewe: "Eʋegbe" ) which belongs to the Niger-Congo family of languages.
 They are related to other speakers of Gbe languages, such as, the Fon, Gen, Phla Phera, and the Aja people of Togo and Benin.
Fezara is an ethnic group of Sudan, who emigrated from Arabia to Egypt, and then to Sudan.
 The number of persons in this ethnic group is about 200,000.
 Most members of this ethnic group are Muslims.
 This ethnic group speaks Sudanese Arabic.
The Sikhs are adherents to Sikhism the fifth largest organized religion in the world, with around 23 million adherents.
 Sikh History is around 500 years and in that time the Sikhs have developed unique expressions of art and culture which are influenced by their faith and synthesize traditions from many other cultures.
 Sikhism is Punjab's only indigenous religion with all other religions coming from outside Punjab (with the possible exception of Punjabi Hinduism since the oldest Hindu scripture – the Rig Veda – was composed in the Punjab region.
 Some other religions, like Jainism, may also claim to have originated in Punjab since Jain symbolism has been found among artifacts of the Indus Valley Civilization).
 All the Sikh gurus, saints and majority of the martyrs in Sikh history were from Punjab and from the Punjabi people.
 Punjabi culture and Sikhism are considered inseparably intertwined.
 "Sikh" properly refers to adherents of Sikhism as a religion, not an ethnic group.
 However, because Sikhism has seldom sought converts, most Sikhs share strong ethno-religious ties.
 Many countries, such as the U.K., therefore recognize Sikh as a designated ethnicity on their censuses.
 The American non-profit organization United Sikhs has fought to have Sikh included on the U.S. census as well, arguing that Sikhs "self-identify as an 'ethnic minority'" and believe "that they are more than just a religion".
Turkish people (Turkish: "Türk ulusu" ), or the Turks (Turkish: "Türkler" ), also known as Anatolian Turks (Turkish: "Anadolu Türkleri" ), are a Turkic ethnic group and nation living mainly in Turkey and speaking Turkish, the most widely spoken Turkic language.
 They are the largest ethnic group in Turkey, as well as by far the largest ethnic group among the speakers of Turkic languages.
 Ethnic Turkish minorities exist in the former lands of the Ottoman Empire.
 In addition, a Turkish diaspora has been established with modern migration, particularly in Western Europe.
Azerbaijanis ( ) or Azeris (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycanlılar" آذربایجانلیلار, "Azərilər" آذریلر), also known as Azerbaijani Turks (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycan türkləri" آذربایجان تورکلری), are a Turkic ethnic group living mainly in Iranian Azerbaijan and the independent Republic of Azerbaijan.
 They are the second-most numerous ethnic group among the Turkic peoples after Anatolian Turks.
 They are predominantly Shi'i Muslims, and have a mixed cultural heritage, including Turkic, Iranian, and Caucasian elements.
 They comprise the largest ethnic group in Republic of Azerbaijan and by far the second-largest ethnic group in neighboring Iran.
 The world's largest number of ethnic Azerbaijanis live in Iran, followed by Azerbaijan.
Migene González-Wippler is a Puerto Rican new-age author and a leading expert on the Afro-Caribbean religion of Santería.
 González-Wippler was born in Puerto Rico and has degrees in psychology and anthropology from the University of Puerto Rico and from Columbia University.
 In addition to her solid background in social sciences she has also worked as a science editor for the Interscience Division of John Wiley, the American Institute of Physics, and the American Museum of Natural History, and as an English editor for the United Nations in Vienna, where she resided for many years.
 She is a cultural anthropologist and lectures frequently at universities and other educational institutions.
 She also has contributed extensively to the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture's collection, especially when it comes to Santeria and its practices, beliefs and organization.
The Oku people, also commonly known as Oku Mohammedans or "Aku Mohammedans"in Sierra Leone and as the "Aku Marabou" or "Oku Marabou" in the Gambia, are an ethnic group in Sierra Leone and the Gambia.
 The Oku people are the descendants of liberated Africans of Yoruba descent from Southwest Nigeria who were liberated or came to Sierra Leone as settlers in the mid 19th century and formed a distinctive ethnic group The Oku are virtually all Muslims and are known for their conservative muslim population.
 The British colonial government provided official recognition to the Oku Mohammedan community as a distinctive community in Sierra Leone.
 Although the Sierra Leone government officially considered the Oku people as members of the Creole ethnic group, many Sierra Leoneans consider the Oku people as a distinctive ethnic group.
In religious studies, ethnic religion (or indigenous religion) is the expression of religion associated with a particular ethnic group.
 Ethnic religions are often distinguished from religions which claim to not be limited in ethnic or national scope, such as Christianity or Islam.
 Ethnic religions do not have to be excluded to independent religions.
 Some localized denominations of global religions are practiced solely by certain ethnic groups, with ethnic groups like the Assyrians following a unique denominational structure of Christianity known as the Assyrian Church of the East.
