Victorious (stylized as "VICTORiOUS") is an American sitcom created by Dan Schneider that originally aired on Nickelodeon from March 27, 2010 to February 2, 2013.
 The series revolves around aspiring singer Tori Vega (portrayed by Victoria Justice), a teenager who attends a performing arts high school called Hollywood Arts High School, after taking her older sister Trina's (Daniella Monet) place in a showcase while getting into screwball situations on a daily basis.
 On her first day at Hollywood Arts, she meets Andre Harris (Leon Thomas III), Robbie Shapiro (Matt Bennett), Rex Powers (Robbie's puppet), Jade West (Elizabeth Gillies), Cat Valentine (Ariana Grande), and Beck Oliver (Avan Jogia).
 The series premiered after the 2010 Kids' Choice Awards.
 The series won for Favorite TV Show award at the 2012 Kids' Choice Awards and 2013 Kids' Choice Awards, even beating out "iCarly".
 "Victorious" has had four Emmy nominations.
Schneider's Bakery, DANWARP Inc. is a television production company founded by Dan Schneider.
Helen Hunt Falls is a waterfall located on Cheyenne Creek in the North Cheyenne Cañon Park of Colorado Springs, Colorado.
 The falls are named in honor of Helen Maria Hunt Jackson (October 15, 1830 – August 12, 1885), a United States poet and writer who became an activist on behalf of improved treatment of Native Americans by the U.S. government.
 She died in San Francisco, California in 1885 and was later buried in Colorado Springs.
 The falls are located on North Cheyenne Creek immediately off of North Cheyenne Canyon Road in the North Cheyenne Canyon Park.
 There is parking for about 30 vehicles at the falls and it becomes crowded early during summer months when visits to the canyon are popular among locals and tourists.
 The Columbine Trail, which starts at the entrance of the Park by the Starsmore Visitor and Nature Center, terminates at Helen Hunt Falls.
 Visitors can hike a short distance of about 2/3 of a mile up a moderately steep trail above Helen Hunt Falls to reach Silver Cascade Falls.
Silver Cascade Falls is a waterfall located on St. Mary's Creek in the North Cheyenne Cañon Park of Colorado Springs, Colorado.
 Silver Cascade can be reached by hiking a short but steep trail up from North Cheyenne Canyon road at the Helen Hunt Falls trail head.
 The trail is less than half a mile, but steep in places and the footing can be slippery, especially when wet or when frozen over during the winter months.
 Care should be taken especially at the top of the falls, as the granite face of the falls is polished, slippery, and much steeper than it appears.
 The falls have an interesting spout feature about 50 feet below the crest due to an upturn in the rock face.
 During high flow times, the spout can shoot water over 10 feet off the rock face.
 The water running over Silver Cascade originates in Buffalo Canyon, passing over St. Mary's Falls and Silver Cascade Falls before merging with North Cheyenne Creek down stream of Helen Hunt Falls.
Then She Found Me is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Helen Hunt.
 The screenplay by Hunt, Alice Arlen, and Victor Levin is very loosely based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Elinor Lipman.
 The film marked Hunt's feature film directorial debut.
The Amanda Show is an American live action sketch comedy and variety show created by Dan Schneider that aired on Nickelodeon on April 4, 1999 as a pilot, then as a regular series from October 16, 1999 to September 21, 2002.
 It starred Amanda Bynes, Drake Bell and Nancy Sullivan, and featured John Kassir, Raquel Lee, and Josh Peck.
 The show was a spin-off from "All That", in which Bynes had co-starred for several years.
 The show was cancelled at the end of 2002.
 Writers for the show included Schneider, John Hoberg, Steven Molaro, and Andrew Hill Newman.
Dan Schneider (born January 14, 1966) is an American actor, television and film writer, and producer.
 After appearing in mostly supporting roles in a number of 1980s and 1990s films and TV shows, Schneider devoted himself to behind-the-scenes work in production.
 He is the co-president of television production company Schneider's Bakery.
 He created/co-created "All That", "The Amanda Show", "What I Like About You", "Drake & Josh", "Zoey 101", "iCarly", "Victorious", "Sam & Cat", "Henry Danger", "Game Shakers", and "The Adventures of Kid Danger and Captain Man".
Where's Walter is an online video series by Drake Bell created as a continuation of Drake & Josh, which was created by Dan Schneider.
 The series follows Drake Parker (Drake Bell) after Walter Nichols (Jonathan Goldstein) escaped from the "Drake & Josh" set into the real world.
 Viewers were encouraged to share any information they found by using the hashtag #WheresWalter on social networks.
 Although it shares the same characters and settings of "Drake & Josh", there is no confirmed involvement of Dan Schneider, original series creator and executive producer.
Jamie Linda Snow (born September 22, 1985) is an American actress and casting director.
 Best known for her collaborations with television producer Dan Schneider, as an actress she played Tammy (the exchange student from Tennessee) on "The Girls' Room" sketches of Schneider's series "The Amanda Show".
Ride is an 2014 American drama film written and directed by Helen Hunt.
 The film stars Helen Hunt, Luke Wilson, Brenton Thwaites and Leonor Varela.
 The film had a limited release in theaters and was released on video on demand beginning on May 1, 2015 by Screen Media Films.
