Tony Prince (born Thomas Whitehead; 9 May 1944) is a British radio disc jockey and businessman.
 He broadcast on Radio Caroline and Radio Luxembourg in the 1960s and 1970s, later becoming a programme director and then businessman, responsible for establishing the remix label DMC.
Lodge was a figure in British radio of the 1960s.
 He was a disc jockey on Radio Caroline.
 He was the son of the writer Oliver W F Lodge and his wife Diana, and a grandson of the physicist Sir Oliver Lodge.
 He was born on 16 April 1936, in Tanleather Cottage, Forest Green, Surrey.
Christopher Moore was a co-founder of the offshore pirate radio ship Radio Caroline, and the first voice to be heard on the air from that station.
 His opening words were "This is Radio Caroline on 199, your all-day music station".
 The first song played was by The Rolling Stones.
 At its peak in 1967, the station had 23 million listeners, and it revolutionized radio broadcasting in the UK.
 In 1991 Moore was interviewed extensively in the BBC TV show A Pirate's Tale, where he described his key role in detail.
 Moore is a member of the Pirate Radio Hall of Fame.
 Moore, who had variously been a club DJ, merchant naval steward, and photographer had become involved in Radio Caroline when he met the station's founder Ronan O'Rahilly.
 Moore's Chelsea flat mate Ian Ross (later a novelist) introduced O'Rahilly to his father New Zealand born Charles Ross, who in turn helped O'Rahilly raise the £250,000 needed to start what became Britain's first pirate radio station in April 1964.
 <> http://www.flashesandflames.com/2014/03/how-a-radio-ship-and-7-men-shook-up-britain-50-years-ago/</.>
 Although Chris Moore was the first voice to be heard on Radio Caroline, the first programme was hosted by Simon Dee who subsequently became a TV chat show host of Dee Time on the BBC.
A Teenage Opera is a musical project from the 1960s and was the creation of record producer Mark Wirtz.
MV "Ross Revenge" is a radio ship, the home of Radio Caroline, as well as having supported Radio Monique and various religious broadcasters.
 She was constructed in Bremerhaven in 1960, and initially served as a commercial trawler, notably taking part in the Cod Wars of the 1970s.
 Following her decommissioning, she was purchased by Radio Caroline and outfitted as a radio ship, complete with 300 ft antenna mast and 50 kW transmitter.
 Her broadcasts began on 20 August 1983; her final pirate broadcast took place in November 1990.
 She ran aground on the Goodwin Sands in November 1991, bringing the era of offshore pirate radio in Europe to an end.
 She was, however, salvaged, and is now maintained by the Caroline Support Group, a group of supporters and enthusiasts.
Mark P. Wirtz (born 3 September 1943 in Strasbourg, France) is an Alsatian pop music record producer, composer, singer, musician, author, and comedian.
 As a producer, Wirtz's most famous output is from the mid to late 1960s, when he worked at Abbey Road Studios with Beatles engineer Geoff Emerick, under contract to EMI.
 Wirtz is chiefly known for the never-completed "A Teenage Opera" concept album.
 Another track by Wirtz, the 1966 "A Touch of Velvet, A Sting of Brass" under the name Mood Mosaic, with The Ladybirds as backing singers, became well known in Germany as the theme tune for the Radio Bremen show Musikladen and was used by some radio stations and DJs in the United Kingdom as ident, notably Dave Lee Travis on Radio Caroline.
Antony Kenneth "Tony" Blackburn (born 29 January 1943) is an English disc jockey who broadcast on the "pirate" stations Radio Caroline and Radio London in the 1960s and was the second disc jockey to broadcast on BBC Radio 1 at its launch at the end of September 1967.
 In 2002 he was the winner and thus "King of the Jungle" of the ITV reality TV programme "I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!
".
 In 2016, Blackburn was sacked by the BBC, but returned at the end of the year.
Sean DJ Static Moore St. Louis.Mo was born in 1972 is a well-known and public figure in the St.Louis Mo and Kansas City and Washington D.C. area is an American DJ and Disc jockey from radio and online networks and record producer in the St.Louis Area and Kansas City area who has worked with a great number of hip hop artists and rappers including notably and others...Sean Dj Static Moore... Born and rasie in the hard streets of St.Louis.
 Mo ( Carr Square Village) And was a product of the St.Louis Public School system attending area school found his love for music going to Blewett Middle School and Vashon High Schools where he also played sports Started in the Entertainment business in the early 90's in local Clubs and bars after years working Dj Static big break came in the fall of 1993 to take his talent air waves on the radio to Clear Channel and Chapter Communication...Static have a golden voice on the mic that couldn't been ignored and style of music sections a Hugh Plus in the underground world after taking a few year break from Dj'ing and Disc Jockey he went into security then returned to the place that he well known for Dj'ing.
 Sean DJ Static Moore have traveled all over the world still love bringing entertainment to the people he love and truly a pioneer legend
Billy Parker (born July 19, 1939 in Okemah, Oklahoma) is an American country music disc jockey and singer.
 Parker was named Disc Jockey of the Year by the Country Music Association in 1974 and by the Academy of Country Music in 1975, 1977, 1978 and 1984.
 He was inducted into the Country Music Disc Jockey Hall of Fame in 1992, the Western Swing Hall of Fame in 1993, and received the Oklahoma Association of Broadcasters' Lifetime Achievement Award in 1995.
"Excerpt from 'A Teenage Opera'" (also known as "Grocer Jack") is a 1967 single by Keith West, produced by Mark Wirtz.
 It was a big hit in Europe, peaking at number two on the UK Singles Chart.
 The single was part of a bigger "A Teenage Opera" project.
