The Government Office for Science is part of the British government.
 This organisation advises the UK Government on policy and decision-making based on robust scientific evidence and long-term thinking.
 It is led by the Government Chief Scientific Adviser (GCSA), Sir Mark Walport who reports to the Prime Minister and Cabinet.
Mark Thomas Maybury, PhD (born December 13, 1964) is an American computer scientist and Chief Scientist of the United States Air Force, Washington, D.C. He serves as chief scientific adviser to the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and Secretary of the U.S. Air Force, and provides assessments on a wide range of scientific and technical issues affecting the Air Force mission.
Michael Joseph Kelly FRS FREng (born 14 May 1949) is a New Zealand-British physicist.
 He is Professor of Solid State Electronics and Nanoscale Science in the Division of Electrical Engineering, University of Cambridge.
 He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1993 and won its Hughes Medal in 2006.
 He was formerly the Chief Scientific Adviser to the Department for Communities and Local Government.
 He was elected in 1998 as a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Nicholas Robert Jennings, CB, FREng, FIEEE, FIET, FBCS, CEng, CITP is the Vice-Provost for Research at Imperial College, where he also holds a Chair in Artificial Intelligence.
 He was previously the Regius Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southampton and Chief Scientific Adviser to the UK Government on National Security.
 He is an internationally recognised authority in the areas of artificial intelligence, autonomous systems, agent-based computing and cybersecurity.
 He has been involved in founding and advising a number of start ups including Aerogility , Contact Engine , Crossword Cyber Security , Mentat and Reliance Cyber Science .
Dr. Mark J. Lewis was the Chief Scientist of the U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C. from 2004 to 2008 and was the longest-serving Chief Scientist in Air Force history.
 He served as chief scientific adviser to the Chief of Staff and Secretary of the Air Force, and provided assessments on a wide range of scientific and technical issues affecting the Air Force mission.
 In this role he identified and analyzed technical issues and brought them to attention of Air Force leaders, and interacted with other Air Staff principals, operational commanders, combatant commands, acquisition, and science & technology communities to address cross-organizational technical issues and solutions.
 His primary areas of focus included energy, sustainment, long-range strike technologies, advanced propulsion systems, and workforce development.
Sir John Rex Beddington, HonFREng, CMG, FRS (born 13 October 1945) is Senior Adviser at the Oxford Martin School, and was previously Professor of Applied Population Biology at Imperial College London, and the UK Government Chief Scientific Adviser from 2008 until 2013.
On 30 March 1942 Professor Frederick Lindemann, Baron Cherwell, the British government's chief scientific adviser, sent to the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill a memorandum which after it had become accepted by the Cabinet became known as the dehousing paper.
Sir David John Cameron MacKay {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (22 April 1967 – 14 April 2016) was a British physicist, mathematician, and academic.
 He was the Regius Professor of Engineering in the Department of Engineering at the University of Cambridge and from 2009 to 2014 was Chief Scientific Adviser to the UK Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC).
 MacKay was well known as author of the book "Sustainable Energy – Without the Hot Air".
Frederick Alexander Lindemann, 1st Viscount Cherwell, (5 April 18863 July 1957), pronounced , was a British physicist and an influential scientific adviser to the British government from the early 1940s to the early 1950s, particularly to Winston Churchill.
 He advocated the "area" bombing or "strategic bombing" of German cities and civilian homes during the Second World War by falsely stating data to Winston Churchill from a study on psychological impact of Germany's Birmingham Blitz and Hull Blitz on the local population.
 He also doubted the sophistication of Nazi Germany's radar technology and the existence of its "V" weapons programme.
Anthony Charles Wiener Finkelstein, CBE, FREng (born 28 July 1959) is a British software engineer.
 He is Chief Scientific Adviser for National Security to HM Government.
 His research is based at the Alan Turing Institute and he holds a Chair in Software Systems Engineering at University College London (UCL).
