Bimbos of the Death Sun is a 1988 mystery novel by Sharyn McCrumb.
Lu Su (172–217), courtesy name Zijing, was a diplomat, military general and official serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han dynasty.
 In 200 CE, when Sun Quan had just taken over the reins of power, his adviser Zhou Yu recommended Lu Su as a talent to him.
 Lu Su started his service under Sun Quan since then.
 As one of Sun Quan's most important advisers in the warlord's early career, Lu Su is best known for making the following contributions.
 Firstly, in 200 CE, he drafted a long-term strategy for Sun Quan's power bloc to emerge as one of three major contending powers in China – a plan similar to Zhuge Liang's Longzhong Plan, which was proposed about seven years later.
 Secondly, before the Battle of Red Cliffs in late 208, he was the first person to persuade Sun Quan to ally with Liu Bei against Cao Cao.
 Thirdly, he succeeded Zhou Yu as the frontline commander of Sun Quan's forces in 210 after Zhou's death and maintained the Sun–Liu alliance.
 Fourthly, in 215, he represented Sun Quan at the negotiations with Liu Bei's general Guan Yu during the Sun–Liu territorial dispute over Jing Province.
Sun Ben (birth and death dates unknown), courtesy name Boyang, was a cousin of Sun Quan, a warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty and later became the founding emperor of the state of Eastern Wu in the Three Kingdoms period.
 He was the eldest son of Sun Qiang, the twin brother of Sun Quan's father Sun Jian.
 He first served Sun Jian in the campaign against Dong Zhuo.
 After Sun Jian's death, he took control of the army and went to serve Yuan Shu.
 He would soon rejoin Sun Ce (Sun Jian's eldest son and successor).
 He died of illness after the Battle of Red Cliffs.
 He was succeeded by his son Sun Lin (孫鄰).
Marital deduction is a type of tax law that allows a person to give assets to his or her spouse with reduced or no tax imposed upon the transfer.
 Some marital deduction laws even apply to transfers made postmortem.
 Spouses can transfer property between themselves tax free and ex-spouses can do that according to divorce decree.
 For US estate and gift tax purposes, there is no tax on transfers between spouses, whether during lifetime or at death.
 There is no limit on the amount that may be transferred.
 However, there are two important exceptions.
 The federal gift tax marital deduction is only available if the donee spouse (the person receiving the gift) is a U.S. citizen.
 However, the federal estate tax marital deduction "is" available for bequests at death to a surviving spouse even if not a US citizen.
 However, if the survivor is not a US citizen, the bequest must take the form of a specialized type of trust known as a Qualified Domestic Trust.
Sun He (224–253), courtesy name Zixiao, was a prince of the state of Eastern Wu in the Three Kingdoms period.
 He was a son of Sun Quan, the founding emperor of Wu.
 In 241, he became the crown prince after the death of his eldest brother, Sun Deng, the first heir apparent to Sun Quan.
 In the 240s, a power struggle broke out between Sun He and his younger brother, Sun Ba (the Prince of Lu), with both of them fighting for the succession to their father's throne.
 The conflict ended in 250 when Sun Quan forced Sun Ba to commit suicide, deposed Sun He from his position as the crown prince and replaced him with Sun Liang (Sun Quan's youngest son).
 Three years after his downfall, Sun He was demoted from the status of a prince to a commoner and was forced to commit suicide.
 In 264, Sun He's eldest son, Sun Hao, became the Wu emperor and he granted his father the posthumous title "Emperor Wen".
Warren Kinsella is a Canadian lawyer, author, musician, political consultant, and commentator, based in Toronto.
 Kinsella has written commentary in most of Canada's major newspapers and several magazines, including "The Globe and Mail", the "Toronto Sun" "Ottawa Citizen", the "National Post" and "The Walrus".
 He appeared regularly on the Sun News Network.
 Kinsella bills himself as the "Prince of Darkness" of Canadian politics.
Sun Tzu ( ; also rendered as Sun Zi 孫子) was a Chinese general, military strategist, and philosopher who lived in the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.
 Sun Tzu is traditionally credited as the author of "The Art of War", a widely influential work of military strategy that has affected both Western and Eastern philosophy.
 Aside from his legacy as the author of "The Art of War", Sun Tzu is revered in Chinese and the Culture of Asia as a legendary historical figure.
 His birth name was Sun Wu, and he was known outside of his family by his courtesy name Changqing.
 The name "Sun Tzu" by which he is best known in the West is an honorific which means "Master Sun".
Khoo Kheng-Hor (; born 2 March 1956) is a Malaysian author and speaker on contemporary application of the 500 BC Chinese military treatise, "The Art of War", by military strategist Sun Tzu.
 In the 1990s, Khoo was the first Sun Tzu student in South-east Asia to link and teach the general's principles in relation to business and management.
 To date, Khoo has written over 26 business and management books, most of which are based on Sun Tzu's "Art of War" as he made it his life's mission to "suntzunize" as many people as possible.
 In 1997, although a Malaysian citizen, he was appointed as honorary Assistant Superintendent of Police by the Singapore Police Force in recognition for his contribution as consultant-trainer to the police force of Singapore.
 His first novel, "Taikor", was nominated by the National Library of Malaysia for the 2006 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
 Since 1999, Khoo has gone into retirement and occasionally travels in Malaysia and Singapore.
Pride of the Bimbos is the first novel by American author and filmmaker John Sayles, published in 1975.
"That Evening Sun" is a short story by the American author William Faulkner, published in 1931 on the collection "These 13", which included Faulkner's most anthologized story, "A Rose for Emily".
 The story was originally published, in a slightly different form, as "That Evening Sun Go Down" in "The American Mercury" in March of the same year.
 "That Evening Sun" is a dark portrait of white Southerners' indifference to the crippling fears of one of their black employees, Nancy.
 The story is narrated by Quentin Compson, one of Faulkner's most memorable characters, and concerns the reactions of him and his two siblings, Caddy and Jason, to an adult world that they do not fully understand.
 The black washerwoman, Nancy Mannigoe, fears that her common-law husband Jesus is seeking to murder her because she is pregnant with a white man's child.
 The title is thought to be taken from the song Saint Louis Blues, originally composed by W.C. Handy, but popularized by Bessie Smith and Louis Armstrong in 1927.
 Faulkner first came across Handy's music when the latter played dances in Oxford, Mississippi.
 Though the song is never explicitly referenced in the text, Faulkner employs a number of blues tropes to structure the plot and develop racial stereotypes.
 Scholar Ken Bennett notes that "the image of the 'evening sun' is a common one in black religious music.
 For example, the spiritual 'It's Gettin' Late Over in the Evenin', the Sun Most Down,' based on Revelation 20, uses the image of the evening sun to suggest the coming of death and judgment."
