Silver Lake is located on the west side of the town of Silver Lake, Kansas.
 It is about a half mile north of the Kansas River.
 Having an average surface area of 14 acres , it is one of the very few natural lakes in Kansas.
 It originally was a part of the Kansas River and was left as a lake when the River changed course in the nineteenth century or earlier.
 However, it is said to be fed by a spring in the lakebed.
 The lake is crescent shaped.
 When the town of Silver Lake was founded in 1871, the lake already existed.
 Silver Lake is one of at least six oxbow lakes formed from the Kansas River.
Silver Lake Institute Historic District is a national historic district located at Silver Lake in Wyoming County, New York.
 The district consists of 13 acre and is historically significant because of its association with the Silver Lake Institute, a Methodist affiliated camp facility established in 1873.
 The properties reflect the evolution of the institute from a Methodist Revivalist summer camp in the 1870s and 1880s to a cultural, educational, and religious summer institute in the Chautauqua tradition during the 1880s and 1890s, and finally to a secular summer cottage community in the early 20th century.
 The focal point of the community is the 2.03 acre Burt Park and the district includes 72 additional properties including 70 cottages.
Silver Lake is an unincorporated community in Cowlitz County, Washington.
 Silver Lake is located 6 mi east of Castle Rock along Washington State Route 504, which is also known as the Spirit Lake Memorial Highway.
 The Silver Lake community takes its name from the lake of the same name, which it lies on the northwest shore of.
 The Silver Lake community is part of the Toutle Lake School District, a K-12 school district of about 600 students.
 Silver Lake is near Mount St. Helens and the Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, which lies at the end of the Spirit Lake Memorial Highway.
 The eruption of Mount St. Helens on May 18, 1980 was the deadliest and most economically destructive volcanic event in the history of the United States.
 The WDFW has planted Grass Carp in this lake, however it is illegal to fish for or retain grass carp.
Silver Lake is an almost circular, natural freshwater lake in Lake County, Florida.
 Silver Lake Drive surrounds the lake.
 Much of it is surrounded by residences and private boat and fishing docks, which dot the lake.
 On the northeast is Silver Lake Country Club, on the southeast is the Lake-Sumter State College campus and a flight line of Leesburg International Airport.
 Also, inside the end of the flight line is the Leesburg Dog Park.
 All of the lake is inside the city of Silver Lake, Florida.
The Silver Lake Reservoirs comprise two concrete-lined basins, Ivanhoe Reservoir and Silver Lake, divided by a spillway, in the Silver Lake community of Los Angeles, California.
Silver Lake is located in North Cascades National Park, in the U. S. state of Washington.
 Silver Lake is less than 1 mi north of Mount Spickard and is partially fed by melt from the Silver Glacier which is on the north slopes of Spickard.
 To the north and west of Silver Lake lies the arête known as Custer Ridge culminating in Mount Rahm.
 Silver Lake is only .50 mi south of the Canada–United States border.
Silver Lake is a privately owned brackish water pond in Milford, Delaware.
 It is located by the headwaters of the Mispillion River.
 Haven Lake is adjacent to Silver Lake.
 U.S. Route 113 travels between the two lakes, crossing the Mispillion River.
 On the river, there was a milldam established in the late 18th century, which formed Silver Lake.
 The mill was replaced in the 19th century.
Silver Lake is a 969 acre water body located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire, United States, in the town of Madison.
 The village of Silver Lake within Madison lies at the north end of the lake.
 Water from Silver Lake flows via the West Branch, through the Ossipee Pine Barrens to Ossipee Lake and ultimately to the Saco River in Maine.
Silver Lake is a 640 acre lake in Pembroke, Kingston, and Plympton, Massachusetts, south of Route 27 and east of Route 36.
 The Pembroke/Plympton town line is entirely within the lake, and a portion of the western shoreline of the lake is the town line with Halifax.
 The lake is the principal water supply for the City of Brockton, whose water treatment plant is on Route 36 in Halifax.
 The inflow of the pond is Tubbs Meadow Brook, and the pond is the headwaters of the Jones River.
 Occasionally water is diverted into Silver Lake from Monponsett Pond in Halifax and Furnace Pond in Pembroke (through Tubbs Meadow Brook) whenever there is a water shortage.
 Access to the pond is through Silver Lake Sanctuary, a 92 acre property where one can walk, hike and fish, which is located at the end of Barses Lane, off Route 27 in Kingston.
Silver Lake is a 22 acre lake in Cook County, Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River.
 Silver Lake is six feet deep and has clarity down to 4.5 feet.
 It has one inflow from Bulge Lake, and drains into Rice Lake South of the inflow on the northwest shore, most of the west shore is a brush bog.
 Silver Lake has a shoreline of 1.1 miles.
