Pantera was an American heavy metal band from Arlington, Texas.
 The group was formed in 1981 by the Abbott brothers – drummer Vinnie Paul and guitarist Dimebag Darrell – along with lead vocalist Terry Glaze.
 Bassist Rex Brown joined the band the following year, replacing Tommy D. Bradford, who was the unofficial original.
 Having started as a glam metal band, Pantera released four albums during the 1980s.
 Looking for a new and heavier sound, Pantera replaced Glaze with Phil Anselmo in late 1986 and released "Power Metal" in 1988.
 With its fifth album, 1990's "Cowboys from Hell", Pantera introduced a groove metal sound.
 Pantera's sixth album, 1992's "Vulgar Display of Power", exhibited an even heavier sound. "
Far Beyond Driven" (1994) debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200.
"Told You So" is a song by American rock band Paramore.
 It was released on May 3, 2017 through Fueled by Ramen as the second single off their fifth studio album "After Laughter".
 It was written by lead vocalist Hayley Williams and guitarist Taylor York and was recorded in the band's hometown, Nashville, Tennessee.
 A music video for the song, directed by drummer Zac Farro and Aaron Joseph, was uploaded to their record label Fueled by Ramen's YouTube channel along with the release of the song.
Andrew Glaze (April 21, 1920 – February 7, 2016) was an American poet, playwright and novelist.
 Much of Glaze's poetry reflects his coming of age in the South, and his eventual return there.
 He also lived and wrote in New York City for 31 years.
 In New York City he became part of a circle of poets that included Oscar Williams, Norman Rosten, John Ciardi and William Packard.
"Stay the Night" is a song by Russian-German electronic dance music producer Zedd, from the deluxe edition (2013) of his debut studio album, "Clarity " (2012).
 It features vocals from Hayley Williams, the lead singer of American rock group Paramore.
 The song was written by Zedd, Williams, Benjamin Eli Hanna, and Carah Faye.
 "Stay the Night" was released to digital retailers on September 10, 2013, by Interscope Records as the lead single off the deluxe edition of "Clarity", and the fourth overall single from the album.
"The Only Exception" is a song by American rock band Paramore.
 It was released by Fueled by Ramen in February 2010 as the third single from the band's third studio album, "Brand New Eyes" (2009).
 The song was written by band members Hayley Williams and Josh Farro; Paramore is also credited as being co-producers to the song.
 The song was generally well received by music critics; praise of the song was mainly about Williams' vocal performance.
 Music critics reviewing the song noted that "The Only Exception" was a different musical theme for the band.
American rock band Paramore have recorded songs for five studio albums, a box set, an extended play and two soundtrack albums.
 In 2002, at age 13, vocalist Hayley Williams moved to Franklin, Tennessee, where she met brothers Josh Farro and Zac Farro.
 The band was officially formed by Josh Farro (lead guitar and backing vocals), Zac Farro (drums), Jeremy Davis (bass guitar) and Williams (lead vocals) in 2004, with the later addition of Williams' neighbor Jason Bynum (rhythm guitar).
 In 2005, Paramore signed with the New York City-based Fueled by Ramen and released their debut album entitled "All We Know Is Falling" that year.
 Three singles were released to promote the album.
Kate McTell (born Ruthy Kate Williams; August 22, 1911 – October 3, 1991) was an American blues musician and nurse from Jefferson County, Georgia.
 She is known primarily as the former wife of the blues musician Blind Willie McTell, whom she accompanied vocally on several recordings.
 She may have recorded as Ruby Glaze, but there is some uncertainty about whether she and Glaze were the same person, despite the fact that she claimed to be Glaze.
Hayley Nichole Williams (born December 27, 1988) is an American singer, songwriter and musician.
 She serves as the lead vocalist, primary songwriter and occasional keyboardist of the rock band Paramore.
 The band was formed in 2004 by Josh Farro, Zac Farro, Jeremy Davis and Williams.
 The band consists of Hayley Williams, Zac Farro and Taylor York.
 The band has five studio albums: "All We Know Is Falling" (2005), "Riot!
" (2007), "Brand New Eyes" (2009), "Paramore" (2013) and "After Laughter" (2017).
Hayley Williams (born June 3, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey player for the Brampton Thunder of the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL).
 Williams has previously played for the Buffalo Beauts in the National Women's Hockey League (NWHL).
I Am the Night is the third studio album by heavy metal band Pantera, released in 1985 through Metal Magic Records.
 The album was made available only on vinyl and cassette, with any subsequent CD releases being bootlegs transferred from the vinyl or tape originals.
 Some of Pantera's faster and heavier influences are more apparent on "I Am the Night", especially on the title track, "Valhalla" and "Down Below" (which was re-recorded for their next album "Power Metal").
 Guitar solos took on character, hinting at Dimebag Darrell's later style.
 It was also the last album to feature lead singer Terry Glaze.
 The band made their second music video for the track "Hot and Heavy".
