Daniel "Dan" Greaney is an American television writer.
 He has written for "The Simpsons" and "The Office".
 He was hired during "The Simpsons"' seventh season after writing the first draft of the episode "King-Size Homer", but left after season eleven.
 He returned to the "Simpsons" staff during the thirteenth season.
Kyle David Pennington (Born in March, 1979) is an American television writer.
 He is credited with writing episodes of the American television series, "Lost".
 He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the fourth season of "Lost".
 The writing staff was nominated for the award again at the February 2010 ceremony for their work on the fifth season.
David Richardson (born 1959) is an American television writer and television producer who has written for "The Simpsons" ("Homer Loves Flanders"), "Malcolm in the Middle", and "Two and a Half Men".
Eric Shaw (born 1973) is an American television writer and a former writer for "SpongeBob SquarePants", a popular television show on Nickelodeon.
 Originally from Jericho, NY, he attended Jericho High School and graduated from Columbia University.
 He has been an animation writer since 2003 and has also written for "Skunk Fu", "Krypto the Superdog", "Sid the Science Kid", "My Friends Tigger and Pooh" and many other animated hit shows.
 He is known for writing on "SpongeBob SquarePants" seasons five and six.
 As a staff writer, Eric has written for more than 50 "SpongeBob" episodes.
 In 2007, Eric served as the President of the International Jury at the prestigious Cartoons on the Bay Animation Festival, Salerno, Italy.
 Eric recently served as Head Writer on PBS' Emmy-Award winning animated series WordGirl starring Tom Kenny, Maria Bamford, Patton Oswalt, Jeffrey Tambor, and others.
 Eric ran the writing on Season 5 (26 episodes), from Soup2Nuts' Watertown, Mass studio, and in 2013, he won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing in Animation at the 40th Annual Creative Arts Daytime Emmy Awards on June 14.
Stephen Lee "Steve" Viksten (July 19, 1960 – June 23, 2014) was an American television writer and voice actor who was best known for voicing the character Oskar Kokoshka on the Nickelodeon animated series "Hey Arnold!
" Viksten also wrote multiple episodes of "Hey Arnold", "Rugrats", "Recess", "Duckman", and "The Simpsons".
 Viksten's sole contribution to the latter, season 22's "Homer Scissorhands," was his final writing credit before his death.
Robin Veith is an American television writer.
 She served as a writer's assistant on the first season of "Mad Men" and co-wrote the final episode of the season "The Wheel" with the series creator Matthew Weiner.
 Weiner and Veith were nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for their work on the episode.
 Alongside her colleagues on the writing staff she won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series and was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the season.
 She returned for the second series as a staff writer.
 She was nominated for the WGA award for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the second season.
 She won the WGA Award for Best Drama Series (after being nominated for the third consecutive year) at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the third season.
 Veith was also nominated for the WGA award for episodic drama at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on "Guy Walks into an Advertising Agency" (with co-writer Weiner).
Michelle King (née Stern; born 1958) is an American television writer and producer.
 She is married to Robert King, who is also her writing partner.
 The couple created the legal drama series "The Good Wife", which earned them a Writers Guild of America Award.
 They have also created the comedy-drama "BrainDead".
Victor Fresco (born January 9, 1958) is an American television writer, producer and show creator.
 He is credited with creating the critically acclaimed television series "Better Off Ted", which ran for two seasons on ABC.
 Fresco also created the FOX show "Andy Richter Controls the Universe", for which he was nominated for a writing Emmy.
 Additionally, Fresco wrote for three years on NBC's "My Name Is Earl" and created the FOX series "Life on a Stick" and the ABC Series "The Trouble With Normal".
 He was also nominated for an Emmy for his work on "Mad About You".
 He is credited as an executive producer on the Burt Reynolds CBS series "Evening Shade."
 He created the 2013 NBC series "Sean Saves the World", starring Sean Hayes.
 In 2017, he served as creator, showrunner and executive producer on the Netflix comedy series "Santa Clarita Diet" starring Drew Barrymore and Timothy Olyphant.
Tinka Milinović (born 27 November 1973) is a Bosnia-Herzegovinian born American television star and personality, opera singer, recording artist, best-selling author, entrepreneur, philanthropist, actress, and model who appeared on the covers of numerous magazines in Europe.
 Best known as an Entertainment expert, this international opera star and inspirational public figure from Sarajevo defied the odds, overcame adversity, and achieved her dreams.
 Her platform TheTinkaShow.com provides a commentary of Milinović's view on lifestyle, travel, fashion, beauty, love, and relationships.
 She is currently filming a docu-reality show with First Ladies of Africa that enhances public understanding of issues related to the empowerment of women worldwide.
John Frink (born May 5, 1964) is an American television writer and producer.
 He has written several episodes of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", many of which he co-wrote with his former writing partner Don Payne.
 Frink and Payne started their career in television writing for the short-lived sitcom "Hope and Gloria".
 They wrote their first episode of "The Simpsons" in 2000, and Frink still works on the show as a writer and executive producer.
