Minam Station is a station of Busan Metro Line 3 and Line 4 located in Oncheon-dong, Dongnae District, Busan.
The Hamilton College Chapel, on the campus of Hamilton College in Clinton, NY, was completed in 1827.
 The façade was designed by architect Philip Hooker, notable for his many designs of public buildings in Albany, NY, as well as for designing Hyde Hall in Springfield Center, NY.
 The conservative Federal style of the chapel is characteristic of Hooker’s work.
 The distinctive three story main body and interior design are credited to John H. Lothrop, a Hamilton College trustee.
 The design includes three bays on the eastern façade and eight bays of double hung windows along the north and south faces of the building.
 The mellow orange of the stone body of the chapel is Oriskany stone, while the corner quoins are of Trenton limestone.
 The Oriskany stone was quarried and laid by Reuben Wilcox of Whitestown, NY.
 The interior carpentry was done by Deacon Isaac Williams, of Clinton, NY.
 The tower of the eastern façade of the building is topped by a white, octagonal cupola.
 The quill weathervane atop the cupola is representative of Hamilton College’s commitment to teaching students to write effectively.
New York State Route 199 (NY 199) is a state highway located in the Hudson Valley of New York in the United States.
 It extends for 30.91 mi from an interchange with U.S. Route 9W (US 9W) and US 209 north of Kingston to an intersection with US 44 and NY 22 southwest of Millerton.
 In between, NY 199 crosses over the Hudson River by way of the Kingston–Rhinecliff Bridge and passes through the communities of Red Hook and Pine Plains.
 NY 199 meets US 9 in Red Hook and the Taconic State Parkway midway between Red Hook and Pine Plains.
The European School, Brussels III is one of the 15 European Schools and one of the 4 located in Brussels.
 It is located in the Belgian municipality of Ixelles (Elsene).
 It has around 2.900 pupils spread over seven language sections (English, French, German, Spanish, Dutch, Greek and Czech).
 It has nursery, primary and secondary school.
New York State Route 85 (NY 85) is a state highway in Albany County, New York, in the United States.
 It is 26.49 mi in length and runs from CR 353 in Rensselaerville to Interstate 90 (I-90) exit 4 in Albany.
 It also has a loop route, NY 85A, which connects NY 85 to the village of Voorheesville.
 The portion of NY 85 north of NY 140 to the Bethlehem–Albany town/city line is known as the Slingerlands Bypass.
 From there north to I-90, the road is a limited-access, four-lane highway named the Crosstown Arterial.
New York State Route 157A (NY 157A) is an east–west state highway located in Albany County, New York, in the United States.
 It serves as a 5.88 mi loop route of NY 157 through the towns of Knox and Berne, veering a considerable distance to the south to serve the hamlet of East Berne and indirectly connect NY 157 to NY 443.
 NY 157A rejoins NY 157 near the access road to Thompson's Lake State Park, which is along NY 157.
 It is a two-lane highway its entire length.
 NY 157A, like its parent route, was assigned in 1930 to its current routing.
Hook and Ladder No. 4, originally Truck No. 4, is a firehouse located at Delaware Avenue (U.S. Route 9W and New York State Route 443) in Albany, New York, United States.
 It is an elaborate brick structure in the Dutch Colonial Revival architectural style, designed by Albany architect Marcus T. Reynolds, and completed in 1912.
 In 2001 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Rescue Hook & Ladder Company No. 1 Firehouse is a historic fire station located in Roslyn, Nassau County, New York.
 Although the department was established on November 1, 1852, the Colonial Revival style firehouse itself was built in 1937.
 It was subsequently sold and renovated as a Temple.
 The new Roslyn Hook & Ladder Company No. 1 firehouse, dedicated in 1986, is a Brobdingnagian structure containing five fire trucks and larger equipment, towering over the Roslyn Plaza, which had fallen victim to the Town of North Hempstead's asphalt- and concrete- philosophy, demolishing 19th century structures for the Long Island Railroad's expansive parking lot.
 The volunteer firefighter brigade has claimed several championships over the years in competitions with other firehouses.
 It is the oldest volunteer fire company in the U.S.
New York State Route 146 (NY 146) is a state highway in the Capital District of New York in the United States.
 It extends for 43 mi from Gallupville at NY 443 to near Mechanicville at U.S. Route 4 (US 4) and NY 32.
 NY 146 is a major thoroughfare in the city of Schenectady, just outside Albany.
 Most of the route follows an east–west alignment; however, the middle third of the route between Guilderland and Clifton Park runs in a more north–south manner in order to serve Schenectady.
 At one time, NY 146 had three spur routes; only one—NY 146A—still exists.
Oido Station is a subway station in Siheung, Korea.
 It is the current southwestern terminus of Seoul Subway Line 4 located almost 30 kilometers southwest of Seoul, connecting Oido to other parts of Korea.
 A commuter rail trip between this station and Seoul Station takes over an hour, and a train servicing depot is located nearby.
