Noise for Music's Sake is a double-disc compilation by British band Napalm Death.
 It was released on 8 July 2003 on Earache Records.
 This album is a retrospective of the band's entire career.
 The first disc is a best-of compilation; the second disc contains rarities.
 The booklet includes 20 pages with interviews of band members Shane Embury and Mark "Barney" Greenway.
 It also includes a guide to all the songs from the second disc, and a complete "Family Tree" detailing every person who was ever in the band.
Mark Andrew "Barney" Greenway (born 13 July 1969) is a British extreme metal vocalist, who has been a member of Napalm Death, Extreme Noise Terror, and Benediction.
Dave Bjerregaard Ingram (born 25 January 1969) is a death metal vocalist from Birmingham, England.
 He began his career replacing Mark "Barney" Greenway in UK death metal band Benediction when Greenway decided to focus solely on Napalm Death.
 Ingram stayed with Benediction until March 1998, when he joined Bolt Thrower, officially replacing Martin van Drunen after having handled vocals temporarily for the band during a show on 4 July 1997 in Zwickau Germany.
Hypomanic is Leng Tch'e's fifth full-length album and their first on Season Of Mist.
 A video was made for the song "Totalitarian" on YouTube , featuring a guest appearance by Barney Greenway of Napalm Death.
Mårten Hagström, (born 27 April 1971) is the rhythm guitarist for the Swedish progressive metal band Meshuggah.
 He joined the band after the release of their first album, which allowed Jens Kidman to focus on his vocal performances and give up rhythm guitar duties.
 He and fellow Meshuggah guitarist Fredrik Thordendal are known for their complex rhythm guitar playing.
 Hagström has cited Rush, James Hetfield, Squarepusher, Autechre, Strapping Young Lad, and GISM as influences.
The East Boston Greenway is a shared use path and park in East Boston that is located along the path of a former Conrail line.
 The greenway connects several significant open space areas in East Boston, including Piers Park, Memorial Stadium, Bremen Street Park, Wood Island Bay Marsh and Belle Isle Marsh.
 When completed, the line is expected to be 3.3 miles in length.
Meshuggah is a Swedish experimental metal and death metal quintet formed in 1987 in Umeå.
 Meshuggah is known for its use of extended polymetric passages, complex time signatures, dissonant guitar riffs, and harsh vocals.
 As of 2008, the band consists of vocalist Jens Kidman, guitarists Fredrik Thordendal and Mårten Hagström, bassist Dick Lövgren and drummer Tomas Haake.
Jens Kidman (born 8 June 1966) is a Swedish metal vocalist.
 He is best known for being the lead vocalist for the Swedish extreme metal band Meshuggah.
 He is famous for his very aggressive shouts and screams and for his unique stage presence.
Barney's Big Surprise (also known as La Gran Sorpresa de Barney in Latin America) was Barney the Dinosaur's first national tour.
 The show started in 1996 and played in 60 cities, with a program of 28 old and new Barney songs.
 Originally planned for theaters (and modeled after the earlier "Barney Live in New York City" at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, it was revised to become more like a rock concert for young children; most of the venues were small arenas with around 5,000 seats, with some larger arenas used as well.
 A video of the show, which had been taped at the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum, was released in 1998.
is a Swedish extreme metal band from Umeå, formed in 1987.
 Meshuggah's line-up consists of founding members vocalist Jens Kidman and lead guitarist Fredrik Thordendal, drummer Tomas Haake, who joined in 1990, rhythm guitarist Mårten Hagström, who joined in 1993 and bassist Dick Lövgren since 2004.
