The northern long-eared bat or northern myotis ("Myotis septentrionalis") is a species of bat native to North America.
 There are no recognised subspecies.
 The northern long-eared bat is about 3-3.7 inches in length, with a wingspan of 9-10 inches.
 It is distinguishable by its long ears when comparing it to other bats in its genus.
 This species is commonly found in the northern United States and Southern Canada east of British Columbia.
 The geographic range includes 37 states.
Aladja is a coastal town and one of the largest and highly populated indigenous towns in Delta State, Nigeria.
 It is located on the bank of southern part of River Warri, opposite old Warri city.
 The majority of the people are of Udu, a sub-group of Urhobo ethnic group.
 Until recently, a section of the town was predominately occupied by people of Ijaw ethnic group who eventually migrated because of the bloody land disputes that existed between Urhobos and Ijaws in the 1990s.
 The Delta Steel Company (DSC), an integrated steel manufacturing industry is situated on hectares of land provided by both Ovwian and Aladja communities but the steel plant is currently redundant as a result of mismanagement.
 However, the federal government of Nigeria, is making concerted effort to privatize the plant.
 It was recently linked with a modern rail line from northern part of the country to ease the transport of raw materials (Iron ore) and finished products (steel) between the plant and other parts of the country.
The Miskito are a Native American ethnic group in Central America, of whom many are mixed race.
 In the northern end of their territory, the people are primarily of African-Native American ancestry; others are of mixed African-Native American and English descent.
 Their territory extends from Cape Camarón, Honduras, to Río Grande, Nicaragua, along the Mosquito Coast, in the Western Caribbean Zone.
 Their current population is estimated at 180,000 people.
The Kaingang (also spelled "caingangue" in Portuguese or "kanhgág" in the Kaingang language) people are a Native American ethnic group spread out over the three southern Brazilian states of Paraná, Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul and the southeastern state of São Paulo.
 They are also called Caingang and Aweikoma, though the Kaingang and Aweikoma (Xokleng) are now considered separate groups.
 The Kaigang people were the original first inhabitants of the province of Misiones in Argentina.
 Their language and culture is quite distinct from the neighboring Guaraní.
The Odawa (also Ottawa or Odaawaa ), said to mean "traders", are an Indigenous American ethic group who primarily inhabit land in the northern United States and southern Canada.
 They have long had territory that crosses the current border between the two countries, and they are federally recognized as Native American tribes in the United States and have numerous recognized First Nations bands in Canada.
 They are one of the Anishinaabeg, related to but distinct from the Ojibwe and Potawatomi peoples.
The Fawn Brown Dart ("Euxoa pleuritica") is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 It is found in southern Canada and the northern United States from southern Quebec and eastern Massachusetts west to British Columbia and southern Washington.
 In the Rocky Mountain region it occurs as far south as northern New Mexico, north-eastern Arizona and central Idaho.
Wayuu (also Wayu, Wayúu, Guajiro, Wahiro) is a Native American ethnic group of the Guajira Peninsula in northern Colombia and northwest Venezuela.
 The Wayuu language is part of the Maipuran (Arawak) language family.
The Dugu is an ancient extended funerary ceremony (in Belize it is also known as the 9 nights ceremony) practiced by the Garifuna people.
 The Garifuna is a small-to-medium-sized Central American ethnic group that has inhabited many Central American countries such as Belize and Honduras since the 17th century.
 Their roots come from both the Caribbean and African coasts.
 The story goes that slaves being brought over to the Americas crashed into St. Vincent.
 The indigenous Caribbean Indians and Africans soon formed a community and ethnic group called the Garifuna.
 They were identified as the "Black Caribs" to differentiate them from the native Caribbean population.
Poles in Chicago are made up of both immigrant Poles and Americans of Polish heritage living in Chicago, Illinois.
 They are a part of worldwide Polonia, the proper term for the Polish Diaspora outside of Poland.
 Poles in Chicago have contributed to the economic, social and cultural well-being of Chicago from its very beginning.
 Poles have been a part of the history of Chicago since 1837, when Captain Joseph Napieralski, along with other veterans of the November Uprising first set foot there.
 As of the 2000 U.S. census, Poles in Chicago are the largest European American ethnic group in the city, making up 7.3% of the total population.
 However, according to the 2006–2008 American Community Survey, German Americans and Irish Americans each had slightly surpassed Polish Americans as the largest European American ethnic groups in Chicago .
 German Americans made up 7.3% of the population, and numbered at 199,789; Irish Americans also made up 7.3% of the population, and numbered at 199,294.
 Polish Americans now made up 6.7% of Chicago's population, and numbered at 182,064.
 Polish is the third most widely spoken language in Chicago behind English and Spanish.
The Bujeba or Kwasio people are an African ethnic group, members of the Bantu group, who are indigenous to Equatorial Guinea.
 Their indigenous language is Bujeba.
 Today Bujebas inhabit Northern and Southern Bata, and South of Rio Benito.
 The ethnic group has decreased in number, as most have assimilated into the Fang ethnic group due to their strong influence in recent decades.
 They are referred to as Ndowe or "Playeros" (Beach People in Spanish), one of several peoples on the Rio Muni coast.
