Huntin' Fool Magazine is a monthly magazine dedicated to big game hunting in the Western United States.
 The magazine is part of Carter Hunter Services.
 "Huntin’ Fool" is a resource for non-resident hunters, as well as those interested in trophy hunting.
 The publication focuses on big game hunting in Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Kansas, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wyoming.
Diana Lemieux is a United States freelance photographer and has been the assistant to the President of the Lymphoma Research Foundation, a non-profit cancer organization in downtown Manhattan.
 She resides in Brooklyn, New York.
 Her photograph "Sometimes the Road Gets Rugged and It's Hard to Travel On" was first published in the December 2006/January 2007 issue of "JPG Magazine".
 Most recently, the same photograph appeared in the June 2007 issue of Smithsonian Magazine.
 The photograph earned her a place as a finalist of the 4th Annual Smithsonian Magazine Photo Contest in the travel category and will be featured in an exhibit called "Through Our Reader's Eyes" at the Smithsonian in Washington DC from July 1 – August 15, 2007.
  
Sunset is a lifestyle magazine in the United States.
 "Sunset" focuses on homes, cooking, gardening, and travel, with a focus almost exclusively on the Western United States.
 The magazine is published monthly by the Sunset Publishing Corporation, part of Southern Progress Corporation, itself a subsidiary of Time Warner.
Pacific RailNews "(PRN)", originally named Pacific News and later RailNews, was an American monthly magazine about railroads and rail transit, oriented for railfans.
 It was published from 1961 until 1999.
 Although its coverage primarily concerned the western United States and western Canada, the magazine included less-detailed news on railroads and rail-transit from non-western states, as well as Mexico.
Country Living is an American lifestyle and home magazine published by the Hearst Corporation since 1978.
 The monthly magazine focuses on food, home renovation, home decor, DIY and lifestyle.
 The magazine hosts four Country Living Fairs a year in Rhinebeck, NY, Nashville, TN, Columbus, OH and Atlanta, GA.
Georgia (ジョージア , Jōjia ) is the name of a popular brand of coffee drinks sold by The Coca-Cola Company.
 The brand is named after Coca-Cola's home state of Georgia.
 It was launched in 1975 by Coca-Cola (Japan) Company, a Japanese subsidiary of the company.
 It has since expanded to markets in Singapore, South Korea, India, Bahrain, and the United States of America.
 Georgia enjoys the most success in Japan, where it is the highest-grossing coffee beverage.
 It is also the highest-grossing beverage by Coca-Cola (Japan) Company.
 As of 2007, in Japan, Georgia's sales double the sales of Coca-Cola.
 Georgia is one of many brands of Japanese canned coffee.
 Georgia coffee was introduced in the United States in 2009, where it is almost exclusively sold in Asian grocery stores.
Portland Monthly (also referred to as Portland Monthly Magazine) is a monthly news and general interest magazine which covers events and culture in Portland, Oregon.
 The magazine was co-founded in 2003 by siblings Nicole and Scott Vogel.
 Nicole had previously worked for Cendant Corporation and Time Warner, and Scott had been a journalist at "The New York Times".
 Though the magazine had some trouble with funding in its first year, it grew to a stable circulation of 56,000 and by 2006 was the seventh-largest city magazine in the United States.
Rodney Walker (1910–1986) was a midcentury American modern designer and builder who specialized in residential architecture in the Southern California area.
 He contributed three designs to Arts & Architecture magazine's Case Study House program during the late 1940s (Case Study House #16, #17, and #18).
 Many of his homes were photographed by Julius Shulman for "Arts & Architecture" magazine, "Better Homes and Gardens", "Architectural Record", "Sunset", and the "Los Angeles Times Home" magazine.
Early architectural photographers include Roger Fenton, Francis Frith (Middle East and Britain), Samuel Bourne (India) and Albert Levy (United States and Europe).
 They paved the way for the modern speciality of architectural photography.
 Later architectural photography had practitioners such as Ezra Stoller and Julius Shulman.
 Stoller worked mainly on the east coast of America, having graduated with a degree in architecture in the 1930s.
 Shulman, who was based on the West Coast, became an architectural photographer after some images that he had taken of one of Richard Neutra's houses in California made their way onto the architect's desk.
WSJ.
 or WSJ.
 Magazine, which was originally intended to be a monthly magazine named Pursuits, is a luxury glossy news and lifestyle monthly magazine by the publishers of "The Wall Street Journal".
 It features luxury consumer products advertisements and is distributed to subscribers in large United States markets as well as throughout Europe and Asia.
 Its coverage spans art, fashion, entertainment, design, food, architecture, travel and more.
 Kristina O’Neill is Editor in Chief and Anthony Cenname is Publisher.
 Launched as a quarterly in 2008, the magazine grew to 12 issues a year for 2014.
