Susan Reeve Lyon (died after 1632), was an English apothecary, active in London.
 Born in London to Dutch parents, she was married first to William Reeve and later to William Lyon.
 Despite restrictions on women and foreigners, she was allowed to work as an apothecary with her first husband and to continue the business after his death.
 The Company of Apothecaries also judged that she was sufficiently skilled to supervise her second husband's training as an apothecary after her remarriage.
Admiral Sir Herbert William Richmond {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (15 September 1871 – 15 December 1946) was a prominent Royal Navy officer, described as "perhaps the most brilliant naval officer of his generation."
 He was also a top naval historian, known as the "British Mahan", the leader of the British Royal Navy's intellectual revolution that stressed continuing education especially in naval history as essential to the formation of naval strategy.
 After serving as a "gadfly" to the British Admiralty, his constructive criticisms causing him to be "denied the role in the formation of policy and the reformations of naval education which his talents warranted", he served as the first Vere Harmsworth Professor of Imperial and Naval History at Cambridge University in 1934-1936, and Master of Downing College, Cambridge in 1934-1946.
William Vere Cruess (August 9, 1886 – March 13, 1968) was an American food scientist who pioneered the use of fruits to produce fruit-juice beverages, fruit-based concentrates and syrups.
 He was one of the first investigators in the United States to use freezing storage for preservation of fruits and fruit products.
 Cruess's research also proved beneficial in the rebirth of the wine industry in California after the repeal of Prohibition in 1933.
Anonymous is a 2011 political thriller film directed by Roland Emmerich and written by John Orloff.
 The film is a version of the life of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, an Elizabethan courtier, playwright, poet and patron of the arts, and suggests he was the actual author of William Shakespeare's plays.
 It stars Rhys Ifans as de Vere and Vanessa Redgrave as Queen Elizabeth I of England.
Elizabeth de Vere (died 14 or 16 August 1375) was the daughter of John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford and Maud de Badlesmere, and the wife of Sir Hugh Courtenay (died c. 1348), then John de Mowbray, 3rd Baron Mowbray, and then Sir William de Cossington.
Colonel William Vere Reeve King-Fane, JP, DL (born Fane; 29 October 1868 – 5 November 1943) was an English local politician, magistrate and landowner, who served as Vice-Chairman of Kesteven County Council and High Sheriff of Lincolnshire.
Everyone's Hero is a 2006 American computer-animated sports comedy film directed by Colin Brady, Christopher Reeve, and Daniel St. Pierre.
 It was produced by IDT Entertainment in Toronto, with portions outsourced to Reel FX Creative Studios.
 It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and released theatrically on September 15, 2006.
 "Everyone's Hero" earned $16 million worldwide during its theatrical run.
 The film stars Jake T. Austin, William H. Macy, Rob Reiner, Brian Dennehy, Raven-Symoné, Robert Wagner, Richard Kind, Dana Reeve, Joe Torre, Mandy Patinkin, Forest Whitaker, Robin Williams and Whoopi Goldberg.
 "Everyone's Hero" was released on DVD on March 20, 2007, by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment.
Bridget de Vere, Countess of Berkshire (6 April 1584 – December 1630/March 1631) was an English noblewoman, the daughter of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford.
 Bridget was brought up by her maternal grandfather, the powerful statesman William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley.
 She was also styled Lady Norris of Rycote and Viscountess Thame.
 She married Francis Norris, 1st Earl of Berkshire; however, the marriage was not a success, and they separated in 1606.
Samuel Charles Brees ( 1810 – 5 May 1865) was a New Zealand artist, surveyor and engineer.
 He was born c.1810.
 He was employed by the New Zealand Company and succeeded in his role William Mein Smith.
 Brees died at sea on the "La Hogue" off Blackwall, London.
The De Vere Society is a group set up to put forward the evidence that Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford was the real author of the works of William Shakespeare.
