Francesco Pesellino (probably 1422–July 29, 1457), also known as Francesco di Stefano, Il Pesellino, Francesco Peselli, and Francesco di Stefano Pesellino was an Italian (Florentine) painter.
 His father was the painter Stefano di Francesco (died 1427), and his maternal grandfather was the painter Giuliano Pesello (1367–1446), from whose name the diminutive nickname of "Pesellino" arose.
 After the death of his father in 1427, the young Francesco Pesellino went to live with his grandfather, Giuliano Pesello, adopting his name.
 Francesco Pesellino remained in his grandfather’s studio until the latter’s death, when he joined the studio of Filippo Lippi (ca.1406-1469).
 He married in 1442, and probably joined the Florence painters' guild in 1447.
 In the following years he made a reputation with small, highly finished, works, either religious subjects for predellas or private devotions, or secular subjects, often for insetting into furniture or panelling.
Senhime or Lady Sen (千姫 ) (May 26, 1597 – March 11, 1666) was the eldest daughter of the shogun Tokugawa Hidetada and his wife Oeyo.
 She was born during the Warring-States period of Japanese history.
 Her paternal grandfather was the founder of the Tokugawa shogunate, Tokugawa Ieyasu; her maternal grandfather was Azai Nagamasa; her grandmother was Oichi, whose brother was Oda Nobunaga.
 When she was six or seven, her grandfather married her off to Toyotomi Hideyori, who was the son of Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
Henry I, Prince of Joinville, Duke of Guise, Count of Eu (31 December 1550 – 23 December 1588), sometimes called "Le Balafré" ("Scarface"), was the eldest son of Francis, Duke of Guise, and Anna d'Este.
 His maternal grandparents were Ercole II d'Este, Duke of Ferrara, and Renée of France.
 Through his maternal grandfather, he was a descendant of Lucrezia Borgia and Pope Alexander VI.
Baron O'Hagan, of Tullahogue in the County of Tyrone, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created on 14 June 1870 for Sir Thomas O'Hagan, then Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
 His younger son, the third Baron, served as a Lord-in-Waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) from 1907 to 1910 in the Liberal administrations of Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman and H. H. Asquith and was later a Deputy Speaker of the House of Lords.
 In 1909 Lord O'Hagan assumed by Royal licence the additional surname of Towneley, which was that of his maternal grandfather.
 s of 2010 the title is held by his grandson, the fourth Baron, who succeeded in 1961.
 He is the son of the Hon. Thomas Anthony Edward Towneley Strachey (d. 1955).
 Lord O'Hagan was a Member of the European Parliament for Devon from 1973 to 1975 and again from 1979 to 1994, first as an independent and later as a Conservative.
 He assumed in 1938 by deed poll the additional Christian name of Towneley and the surname of Strachey in lieu of his patronymic.
 Strachey was the surname of his maternal grandfather Edward Strachey, 1st Baron Strachie.
Maestro Armando Manuel Aurelio Ortega Carrillo was Director of Coro de la Escuela Secundaria y de Bachilleres de Orizaba (ESBO).
 His maternal great grandfather was the philanthropist Don Manuel Carrillo Tablas, who served as mayor of Orizaba, Veracruz, Mexico many times.
 His maternal grandfather (Manuel Carrillo Iturriaga) was also a member of the Mexican Legislature at the turn of the 20th century.
 His paternal grandfather was the illustrious Professor Don Aurelio Ortega y Placeres, considered one of the most brilliant educators of public instruction the state of Veracuz, Mexico produced.
 His father was the renowned poet and educator, Professor Don Aurelio Ortega Castañeda, who baptized the city of Orizaba with the title of "Nuestra Señora de los Puentes"("Our Lady of the bridges").
Edmund Maurice Burke Roche, 4th Baron Fermoy (15 May 1885 – 8 July 1955) was a British Conservative Party politician, an Irish peer and the maternal grandfather of Diana, Princess of Wales.
Sellers was born on November 26, 1808, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 His birthplace was near the Philadelphia Mint in a neighborhood known as Mulberry Court.
 Sellers' parents were Coleman Sellers and Sophonisba.
 He had one older brother Charles, born in 1806; two younger sisters Elizabeth, born in 1810; and Anna, born in 1824; and two younger brothers Harvey, born in 1813; and Coleman II, born in 1827.
 His paternal grandfather Nathan Sellers (wife Elizabeth Coleman) was known for artwork of wire paper molds.
 His father and many ancestors had been engineers; his maternal grandfather was Charles Willson Peale.
 He was educated at public schools and studied for five years with tutor Anthony Bolmar at his academy in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
Frederik H. Kreuger stems from an old Amsterdam family where his maternal grandfather ran a small tobacco factory "Het Wapen van Spanje" in the Weteringstraat, in the old town near the Rijksmuseum.
 He published a Book about his grandfather, this tobacco factory and the explosive development of science and technique in the Belle Époque, the period his grandfather lived.
The Blank family is a family of Jews, some of whom converted to Orthodox Christianity in the Russian Empire, mostly notable as the immediate ancestry of the maternal grandfather of Vladimir Lenin according to various published researchers who suggest that Lenin's maternal grandfather was a Jewish convert to Christianity (Alexander Blank).
 Whether or not Lenin, whose matrilineal "Blank" surname also traces to non-Jewish German roots, was actually partly descended from the Jewish Blank family remains contested.
David Steele, Sr. (2 November 1803 – 29 June 1887) was a Reformed Presbyterian or Covenanter minister.
 He was born in Upper Creevagh, Donegal, Ireland to David Steel and Sarah Gailey.
 His father was a fourth-generation descendant of Capt. John Steel of Lesmahagow, Lanarkshire, Scotland, a local leader in the Covenanter uprising of 1679.
 His grandparents, on both sides of the family, were Covenanters.
 His paternal grandfather, John Steel, had resided in Fanet.
 He moved to Creevaugh sometime prior to the birth of his grandson.
 His maternal grandfather, Andrew Gailey, resided in Killylastin.
 His father died when he was an infant, in February, 1805.
 According to Steele, his only recollection of his father was conducting family worship.
 Next to the Bible, Steele claimed the greatest impression made on him, in his youth, was Thomas Boston's "Four-fold State of Man" and "A Cloud of witnesses for the royal prerogatives of Jesus Christ".
 The latter work is an account, published in 1714, of the Scottish martyrs who perished during the persecutions, known as the "Killing Times", during the reigns of Charles II and James VII.
 In his seventeenth year [1820], he entered the Academy in Londonderry, where he pursued his studies for three years, including the study of languages.
