Steve Varsano (born 30 July 1956) is New York born businessman, he is primarily known for his profile in the aviation industry and as the founder of The Jet Business - the first ever showroom for private jets.
 
Hans-Werner Janssen (1 June 1899 – 19 September 1990) was an American conductor of classical music, and composer of classical music and film scores.
 He was the first New York born conductor to lead the New York Philharmonic.
Ian Halperin (born August 17, 1964 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian investigative journalist, writer and documentary filmmaker.
 His 2009 book, "Unmasked: The Final Years of Michael Jackson" was a #1 best-seller on the New York Times list on July 24, 2009.
 He is the author or coauthor of nine books including "Celine Dion: Behind the Fairytale", "Fire and Rain: The James Taylor Story" and "Hollywood Undercover".
 He coauthored "Who Killed Kurt Cobain?"
 and "" with Max Wallace.
 Halperin has contributed to "60 Minutes II" and was a regular correspondent for Court TV.
 He is a graduate of Concordia University in Montreal (BA 07).
Tom Savarese is a DJ best known for his role in the 1970s Disco music scene.
 He was born on April 26, 1944 in New York City, and grew up in the Bronx neighborhood.
 He eventually attended Fordham University.
 Savarese began his career as a DJ in 1969, playing apartment and house parties.
 Over time he became the full-time first professional Disco DJ in the US, and doing remixes for record labels in NYC.
 By the late-1970s Savarese was interviewed as an expert in the Disco music scene by major publications, including the "New York Times" and "Billboard Magazine", calling Savarese the "key New York Disco DJ" in 1977.
 "Billboard Magazine" named Savarese the New York DJ of the Year that year, as well as national DJ of the year in 1976 and 1977.
 Savarese' remixes also charted in the top 20 tracks of the "New York Daily News" Disco charts.
 The clubs Savarese played during this era included 12 west, and famously turned down the opportunity to become the first DJ to play and hold residence at the club Studio 54.
 He was also one of the first DJs to play live during New York City fashion runway shows.
Jan Yoors (12 April 192227 November 1977) was a Flemish-American artist, photographer, painter, sculptor, writer, filmmaker, and tapestry creator.
 Growing up in Antwerp to liberal, pacifist parents, his father Eugeen Yoors, a famed stained-glass artist, Yoors studied painting before deciding to live with a Rom "kumpania" he encountered on the outskirts of Antwerp at the age of twelve, and about which he would later write two memoirs, "The Gypsies" (1967) and "Crossing: A Journal of Survival and Resistance in World War II" (1971), the latter about living with the Rom during World War II.
 Yoors fled to London after the war where he lived with his wife Annebert and her best friend Marianne.
 It is at this point that Yoors began to design tapestries and set up a tapestry studio with his wife Annebert and Marianne.
 In 1950 he moved to New York, traveling there under the guise of a journalist.
 The following year, Annebert and Marianne joined and the three set up the Jan Yoors Studio.
 In New York, Yoors befriended numerous figures in the art and design worlds.
 He received commissions from corporations such as Bank of America, and J.P. Morgan, and private collectors.
 His work was seen in numerous exhibitions across the United States and internationally.
 In New York in the 50s, Yoors also continued his passion for photography, which he began while living with the Rom, documenting the streets of New York.
 He traveled extensively on a trip to revisit his Rom family in Europe, and, in 1966-67 photographed post-war religious buildings for Edward Sovik as part of the First International Congress on Religion, Architecture, and the Visual Arts in New York.
 Yoors's oeuvre is currently represented by several galleries in New York, Europe including reGeneration Furniture, Todd Merrill, L Parker Stephenson Photographs, and Fifty One Fine Art Photography, Antwerp, and regularly shown at design and photography fairs.
Carey Wilber (June 26, 1916 – May 2, 1998) was a Buffalo, New York born journalist and television writer who began his career in the live days of television, and wrote for a variety of programs over the next three decades, including "Captain Video and His Video Rangers", "The Asphalt Jungle", "Lost In Space", "The Time Tunnel", "Bonanza", and "Maverick".
 He wrote the "Ice Princess" storyline for the daytime serial "General Hospital" in 1981.
 He died in Seattle, Washington.
Lucille Carra (born New York City) is an American documentary film director, producer, and writer.
 She is of Sicilian descent.
 All of her films have been seen on PBS and international television.
 Carra has a BFA in Film Production and an MA in Cinema Studies from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, and also has an MS in Education from Queens College of the City University of New York.
 At New York University, she was cited Outstanding Woman Student of the Year (School of the Arts) by the New York University Alumni Association.
 She formed Travelfilm Company for the production and distribution of documentary films after working in international film distribution.
Rose Porter (6 December 1845 - 10 September 1906) was an American religious novelist.
 She was born in New York, New York.
 Her father, David Collins Porter, was a wealthy New Yorker.
 He died in 1845, while Rose was an infant.
 Her mother, Rose Anne Hardy, was the daughter of an English army officer.
 Porter's early years were spent in New York and in the family's summer home in Catskills-on-the-Hudson.
 She was educated in New York, with the exception of a year abroad.
 After completing her education, she and her mother made their home in New Haven, Connecticut.
 After the mother died, Porter kept her home in New Haven, where she lived with her servants.
 Her first success was "Summer Drift-Wood for the Winter Fire".
 Notwithstanding the fact that she was an invalid for years, Porter was a writer of quiet religious romance, publishing or editing 70 volumes.
Once Is Not Enough is the third novel by Jacqueline Susann, following her huge best sellers "Valley of the Dolls" (1966) and "The Love Machine" (1969).
 With "Once Is Not Enough," Susann became the first writer in publishing history to have three consecutive #1 novels on the "New York Times" best seller list.
The Maid of the Mist is an American Thoroughbred horse race for New York-bred two-year-old fillies run at Belmont Park each year during its celebration of New York born horses.
 All the races on that day's card are for New Yorkers.
 Set at one mile, it currently offers a purse of $250,000.
