St Anne Within the Liberty of Westminster, also known as St Anne Soho, was a civil parish in the metropolitan area of London, England.
 The creation of the parish accompanied the building of St Anne's Church, Soho to meet the demands of the growing population.
 The parish was formed in 1687 from part of the ancient parish of St Martin in the Fields in the Liberty of Westminster and county of Middlesex.
 It included the eastern section of the contemporary districts of Soho to the north of Shaftesbury Avenue and Chinatown to the south of it.
 Initially controlled by a select vestry, the parish was governed by an open vestry of all inhabitants until 1855, when the vestry was superseded for most purposes by the Strand District Board of Works.
 In 1889 the parish became part of the County of London and in 1900 the local authority became Westminster City Council.
 The parish continued to have nominal existence until 1922.
The Stax Museum of American Soul Music is a museum located in Memphis, Tennessee, at 926 East McLemore Avenue, the former location of Stax Records.
 It is operated by Soulsville USA, which also operates the adjacent Stax Music Academy.
Mahatma Gandhi Road which is also used in its abbreviated form as M. G. Road, named after Mahatma Gandhi.
 M. G. Road is one of the most frequently used road names in India, Agra having two of them.
 Several other Indian cities have a road by this name.
 In 2010, attempts were made to rename Hillcroft Avenue in Houston, Texas to Mahatma Gandhi Avenue but the proponents were unable to secure signatures from 75% of the property owners.
 As a result, the group settled for renaming the areas around Hillcroft Avenue to Mahatma Gandhi district.
 In Kolkata, Central Road was renamed Harrison Road in 1892 after Sir Henry Leland Harrison, then the chairman of Calcutta Corporation.
 It has recently been renamed yet again to Mahatma Gandhi Road.
 In many cities in South India, Mahatma Gandhi Road is popularly known by other names.
 In Chennai, it is known as Nungambakkam High Road.
 In Coimbatore, Mahatma Gandhi Road is popularly known by Avarampalayam Road.
 In other countries, Mahatma Gandhi Road is known by different names (Gandhistraat, Gandhiweg, Gandhiplein).
The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court was a magistrates' court located at 70 Horseferry Road, in the City of Westminster, London.
 It was originally called Horseferry Road Magistrates' Court, after the road in which it was sited.
 However, it was renamed in July 2006 following the closure of Bow Street Magistrates' Court.
 It served as the court where the Chief Magistrate of England and Wales sat, and all extradition and terrorism-related cases passed through the court.
 The court closed permanently on 22 September 2011, and was replaced on 27 September 2011 with Westminster Magistrates' Court, built on the site of Marylebone Magistrates' Court at 181 Marylebone Road.
Westminster is a London Underground station in the City of Westminster.
 It is served by the Circle, District and Jubilee lines.
 On the Circle and District lines, the station is between St. James's Park and Embankment, and on the Jubilee line it is between Green Park and Waterloo.
 It is in Travelcard Zone 1.
 The station is located at the corner of Bridge Street and Victoria Embankment and is close to the Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, and the London Eye.
 Also close by are Downing Street, the Cenotaph, Westminster Millennium Pier, the Treasury, the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, and the Supreme Court.
McLemore Avenue is a 1970 album by Booker T. & the M.G.s, consisting entirely of mostly instrumental covers of songs from the Beatles' album "Abbey Road" (released only months earlier, in September 1969).
 The title and cover are an homage to the Beatles album, 926 East McLemore Avenue being the address of the Stax Studios in Memphis, as Abbey Road was for EMI Studios in London, which was soon renamed Abbey Road Studios.
St Margaret was an ancient parish in the City and Liberty of Westminster and the county of Middlesex.
 It included the core of modern Westminster, including the Palace of Westminster and the area around, but not including Westminster Abbey.
 In 1727 it was divided into St Margaret's and St John's, to coincide with the building of the Church of St John the Evangelist, constructed by the Commission for Building Fifty New Churches in Smith Square to meet the demands of the growing population, but there continued to be a single vestry for the parishes of St Margaret and St John.
 This was reformed in 1855 by the Metropolis Management Act, and the two parishes formed the Westminster District until 1887.
 In 1889 St Margaret and St John became part of the County of London.
 The vestry was abolished in 1900, to be replaced by Westminster City Council, but St Margaret and St John continued to have a nominal existence until 1922.
Temple Bar was the principal ceremonial entrance to the City of London on its western side from the City of Westminster.
 It is situated on the historic royal ceremonial route from the Tower of London to the Palace of Westminster, the two chief residences of the mediaeval English monarchs, and from the Palace of Westminster to St Paul's Cathedral.
 The road east of Temple Bar and within the City is Fleet Street, the road to the west, in Westminster, is The Strand.
 At Temple Bar the Corporation of the City of London formerly erected a barrier to regulate trade into the City.
 The 19th century Royal Courts of Justice are located next to it on its north side, having been moved from Westminster Hall.
 To its south is the Temple Church and the Inner Temple and Middle Temple Inns of Court.
 As the most important entrance to the City of London from Westminster, it was formerly long the custom for the monarch to halt at Temple Bar before entering the City of London, in order for the Lord Mayor to offer the Corporation's pearl-encrusted Sword of State as a token of loyalty.
 The term "Temple Bar" strictly refers to a notional bar or barrier across the route, but is commonly used to refer to the 17th-century ornamental Baroque arched gateway designed by Christopher Wren which spanned the road until its removal in 1878.
 Wren's arch was preserved and was re-erected in 2004 in the City, in Paternoster Square next to St Paul's Cathedral.
The City of Westminster ( or ) is an Inner London borough which also holds city status.
 It occupies much of the central area of Greater London including most of the West End.
 It is to the west of and adjoining the ancient City of London, directly to the east of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, and its southern boundary is the River Thames.
 The London borough was created with the 1965 establishment of Greater London.
 Upon creation, it inherited the city status previously held by the smaller Metropolitan Borough of Westminster from 1900, which was first awarded to Westminster in 1540.
Westminster ( ) is an area of central London within the City of Westminster, part of the West End, on the north bank of the River Thames.
 Westminster's concentration of visitor attractions and historic landmarks, one of the highest in London, includes the Palace of Westminster, Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and Westminster Cathedral.
