Laura Jean Englert is an Australian musician from Melbourne, Victoria who performs as Laura Jean.
 She is known for her classically inspired folk songs, often using a range of orchestral instruments.
 She garnered much critical acclaim for her debut album, "Our Swan Song", receiving high rotational support from community and alternative radio stations such as Triple J.
 She received high exposure when Snow Patrol, fans of her, asked her to sing Martha Wainwright's part in the song Set the Fire to the Third Bar during their two Australian tours in 2007.
 Her second album, "Eden Land", was released on 1 March 2008 in Australia.
 In August, Laura Jean was invited by Deborah Conway to take part in the Broad Festival project, which toured major Australian cities including performing at the Sydney Opera House.
 With Laura Jean and Conway were Elana Stone, Liz Stringer and Dianna Corcoran – they performed their own and each other's songs.
Naoya Urata (浦田 直也 , Urata Naoya , born November 10, 1982, in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese singer, actor and dancer.
 He is the leader and also the oldest member and the main vocal of the band AAA.
HONEYST (Korean: 허니스트 is a South Korean folk band formed by FNC Entertainment in 2017.
 The band consists of Dong Seong (leader, bassist, vocal), Cheol Min (main vocal, guitar), Kim Hwan (guitar, vocal) and Seung Seok (drums).
 Their first single album was released on May 17, 2017.
"You Owe Me One" (working title: "Kamelo") is a song recorded by Swedish pop group ABBA in 1982 for their unfinished ninth album.
 It was released as a B-side for the group's last single — "Under Attack" and on the 1997 and 2012 remasters of "The Visitors".
 It was excluded from the 2001 remaster due to the group's songwriters critical attitude towards "You Owe Me One".
 The main vocal is performed by Anni-Frid Lyngstad, but Agnetha Fältskog joins in on the chorus.
Rita Pereira (born 10 July 1981), known by her stage name Rita Redshoes, is a solo musical artist from Portugal.
 In 1996 she sang with her first band, Atomic Bees, releasing an album in 2000 entitled "love.noises.and.kisses".
 In 2003, she was invited to sing with David Fonseca, and shared with him the song “Hold Still” from "Our Hearts Will Beat As One", his second solo album.
 In 2008 she released her debut solo album "Golden Era".
 In 2010 the band Snow Patrol invited her to perform the single "Set the fire to the third bar" in Rock in Rio Lisbon.
"Set the Fire to the Third Bar" is a song from Snow Patrol's fourth album, "Eyes Open", featuring Martha Wainwright on vocals.
 The song was released as a single on the 13 November 2006.
Nomadic Massive is an independent hip-hop supergroup based in Montreal, Quebec, active in the scene since 2004.
 They have achieved notoriety in Canada, United States, Brazil, among many international venues.
 The membership of the band varies depending on song, but their ensemble includes rappers, singers, keyboardists, saxophone, trumpets, trombone, guitarists, bass, and drums.
 Many of the members are multi-instrumentalists and trade spots on stage.
 The main vocal artists are Vox Sambou, Waahli, Taliwah (a.k.a. iamblackgirl), Meryem Saci, Lou Piensa, as well as musicians Butta Beats, Rawgged MC and Ali Sepu.
 With lyrics in diverse languages including English, French, Creole, Spanish and Arabic, Nomadic Massive celebrates global music interpreted through an Afro-Latin twist with hip-hop as the main medium of expression.
 They have been a staple of the Montreal International Jazz Festival for several years.
The lead vocalist, main vocalist, lead vocals or lead singer in popular music is typically the member of a group or band whose voice is the most prominent in a performance where multiple voices may be heard.
 The lead singer either leads the vocal ensemble, or sets against the ensemble as the dominant sound.
 In vocal group performances, notably in soul and gospel music, and early rock and roll, the lead singer takes the main vocal part, with a chorus provided by other band members as backing vocalists.
The T-bar cichlid ("Cryptoheros sajica"), also known as Sajica cichlid is a Central American species of cichlid found in freshwater streams and lakes on the Pacific slope of Costa Rica.
 It was formerly known as "Archocentrus sajica", but the taxonomy was revised as a result of a study by Juan Schmitter-Soto.
 The fish is tan colored with seven indistinct bars on the body.
 The third bar is usually prominent and coupled with a dark lateral stripe running from the gill cover results in a horizontal T-shaped mark, hence the common name of T-bar cichlid.
Vocal harmony is a style of vocal music in which a consonant note or notes are simultaneously sung as a main melody in a predominantly homophonic texture.
 Vocal harmonies are used in many subgenres of European art music, including Classical choral music and opera and in the popular styles from many Western cultures ranging from folk songs and musical theater pieces to rock ballads.
 In the simplest style of vocal harmony, the main vocal melody is supported by a single backup vocal line, either at a pitch which is above or below the main vocal line, often in thirds or sixths which fit in with the chord progression used in the song.
 In more complex vocal harmony arrangements, different backup singers may sing two or even three other notes at the same time as each of the main melody notes, mostly with consonant, pleasing-sounding thirds, sixths, and fifths (although dissonant notes may be used as short passing notes).
