The Special Operations Force (SOF) is the Republic's Army Special Forces composed of highly trained elite soldiers within the Singapore Armed Forces Commando Formation and an essential component of the joint special forces unit Special Operations Task Force (SOTF).
 According to the Principles of Special Forces, the Republic's special forces thrive on their exceptional qualities and advanced skills, consisting highly adaptive individuals who are independent and can operate independently, and the Republic's special forces soldiers cannot be mass-produced and must be managed carefully.
The 1st Commandos Company "Iquique" ("1º Compañía de Comandos "Iquique"" in Spanish) is special forces unit under the jurisdiction of northern Chile.
 The unit is part of the 2nd Armored Brigade "Cazadores" ("2º Brigada Acorzada "Cazadores"" in Spanish) of the Sixth Army Division based in the first region of the country.
 The Chilean Army has been restructured into more independent armored brigades and shaped only by professional people, meaning that each squad possesses a special forces unit.
During World War II, Operation Cold Comfort was a failed SAS raid that began with a parachute drop north of Verona on February 17, 1945.
 It was later renamed Zombie.
The Special Forces Regiment (Airborne) is a special forces unit of the Philippine Army and one of three specialized regiments of the Special Operations Command.
 The unit is based on and continually trains with its american counterpart, the U.S. Army Special Forces (Green Berets).
"Cold Comfort" is the fourth episode of the second series of the British dark comedy anthology television programme "Inside No. 9".
 The episode, which was written and directed by Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith, was first broadcast on 16 April 2015 on BBC Two.
 Most of "Cold Comfort" is composed of a stream from a fixed camera on the desk of Andy, the protagonist, with smaller pictures on the side of the screen, in the style of a CCTV feed.
 "Cold Comfort" was filmed over two and a half days in Twickenham, and was, like "A Quiet Night In" from "Inside No. 9"'s first series, highly experimental.
 It was Pemberton and Shearsmith's directorial debut.
The Mexican Cuerpo de Fuerzas Especiales (Special Forces Corps) is a special forces unit of the Mexican Army.
 Formerly the "GAFE" (Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales | Special-Forces Airmobile Group), the SF Corps has six battalions; one is the "Fuerza especial de reaccion", a quick-response unit, and one is assigned to the Paratroopers Rifle Brigade; the motto of the SF Corps is "Todo por México" (Everything for Mexico).
 Within the SF Corps, there are regular, intermediate, and veteran -service troops.
 The regular-service soldiers usually operate as light infantry.
 The intermediate-service soldiers (lieutenants and captains) usually are instructors.
 The veteran-service soldiers of the Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales del Alto Mando (GAFE High Command) handle Black-Ops missions.
 Also known as the COIFE, the Special Forces Corps of the Mexican Army is equivalent to the U.S. Army Special Forces.
The Special Operation Forces of the Jordanian Armed Forces serve as Jordan's premiere special forces unit.
 Founded on April 15, 1963 on the orders of the late King Hussein, its primary roles include reconnaissance, counter-terrorism, search and evacuation, intelligence gathering combat, and the protection of key sites.
 The Special Operation Forces are also charged with carrying out precision strikes against critical enemy targets.
 The 14,000-strong unit are equipped and trained to be able to operate behind enemy lines for long periods without any logistical support, and is considered one of the finest special forces units in the world.
The 1 Reconnaissance Commando was the first South African special forces unit, founded by General Fritz Loots - the founder of the South African Special Forces, and the first General Officer Commanding of the South African Special Forces.
 He appointed 12 qualified paratroopers (known as "The Dirty Dozen") as the founder members.
 Included in these 12 paratroopers was Jan Breytenbach, who was placed in command of the Founder Members by General Loots.
Giretsu (義烈空挺隊 , Giretsu Kūteitai ) ("Heroic Paratroopers") was an airlifted special forces unit of the Imperial Japanese Army formed from Army paratroopers, in November 1944 as a last-ditch attempt to reduce and delay Allied bombing raids on the Japanese home islands.
 The "Giretsu" Special Forces unit was commanded by Lieutenant General Michio Sugahara.
Jan Dirk Breytenbach {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 4 July 1933) was appointed by General Fritz Loots, the founder of the South African Special Forces Brigade, as the first commander of 1 Reconnaissance Commando, the first unit founded within the South African Special Forces.
 He was also appointed as the first commander of the 32 Battalion, known colloquially as "Buffalo Battalion", as well as 44 Parachute Brigade.
