The American rock band Paramore has released five studio albums, three extended plays, two live albums, eighteen singles, one video album, and nineteen music videos.
 The band was formed in Franklin, Tennessee, in 2004 by lead vocalist Hayley Williams with guitarists Josh Farro and Taylor York, bassist Jeremy Davis, and drummer Zac Farro.
 In 2005, Paramore signed with the New York City-based Fueled by Ramen and released their debut album entitled "All We Know Is Falling".
 Three singles were released from the album, but none of them charted.
 The album did not chart in the "Billboard" 200 either, although it peaked at number thirty in the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers.
 "All We Know Is Falling" received Gold certification in the United Kingdom and in July 2014 the RIAA certified the album Gold in the United States.
"Hate to See Your Heart Break" is a song by American rock band Paramore, recorded for their 2013 self-titled fourth album "Paramore".
 It was re-recorded to feature vocals by Joy Williams (formerly of The Civil Wars) for the 2014 deluxe edition of the album, the first time Paramore has collaborated with another artist or group on a studio recording.
"Grow Up" is a song by American rock band Paramore, and is the third track from their self-titled fourth studio album "Paramore".
 Despite not being released as a single, the song charted at #36 on the UK Rock chart.
 It garnered acclaim from music critics, who called the song one of the standout tracks on "Paramore", and praised its production and lyricism.
After Laughter is the fifth studio album by American rock band Paramore.
 It was released on May 12, 2017, through Fueled by Ramen as a follow-up to "Paramore", their 2013 self-titled album.
 The album was produced by guitarist Taylor York alongside previous collaborator, Justin Meldal-Johnsen.
 It is the band's first album since the return of drummer Zac Farro, who left the band with his brother Josh in 2010, and the departure of former bassist Jeremy Davis, who left the band in 2015.
 "After Laughter" represents a complete departure from the usual pop punk and alternative rock sound of their previous releases.
 The album touches on themes of exhaustion, depression and anxiety, contrasting the upbeat and vibrant sound of the record.
2010 Summer Tour is an EP that features the American rock band Paramore, Canadian indie rock band Tegan and Sara, American rock band New Found Glory, and Swedish band Kadawatha.
 The EP was sold during the 2010 Honda Civic Tour and the remaining dates of Paramore's Brand New Eyes World Tour.
Zachary Wayne "Zac" Farro (born June 4, 1990) is an American musician and drummer of the rock band Paramore.
 He is also the younger brother of Josh Farro, who is Paramore's former lead guitarist and backing vocalist.
 After he and his brother exited Paramore in 2010, Josh formed a band named Novel American, which Zac was also a part of.
 Zac is currently the sole member of the band HalfNoise.
 Farro rejoined Paramore on February 2, 2017.
Hayley Nichole Williams (born December 27, 1988) is an American singer, songwriter and musician.
 She serves as the lead vocalist, primary songwriter and occasional keyboardist of the rock band Paramore.
 The band was formed in 2004 by Josh Farro, Zac Farro, Jeremy Davis and Williams.
 The band consists of Hayley Williams, Zac Farro and Taylor York.
 The band has five studio albums: "All We Know Is Falling" (2005), "Riot!
" (2007), "Brand New Eyes" (2009), "Paramore" (2013) and "After Laughter" (2017).
"The Only Exception" is a song by American rock band Paramore.
 It was released by Fueled by Ramen in February 2010 as the third single from the band's third studio album, "Brand New Eyes" (2009).
 The song was written by band members Hayley Williams and Josh Farro; Paramore is also credited as being co-producers to the song.
 The song was generally well received by music critics; praise of the song was mainly about Williams' vocal performance.
 Music critics reviewing the song noted that "The Only Exception" was a different musical theme for the band.
American rock band Paramore have recorded songs for five studio albums, a box set, an extended play and two soundtrack albums.
 In 2002, at age 13, vocalist Hayley Williams moved to Franklin, Tennessee, where she met brothers Josh Farro and Zac Farro.
 The band was officially formed by Josh Farro (lead guitar and backing vocals), Zac Farro (drums), Jeremy Davis (bass guitar) and Williams (lead vocals) in 2004, with the later addition of Williams' neighbor Jason Bynum (rhythm guitar).
 In 2005, Paramore signed with the New York City-based Fueled by Ramen and released their debut album entitled "All We Know Is Falling" that year.
 Three singles were released to promote the album.
Singles Club is an EP released by American rock band Paramore.
 The songs were released as promotional singles between October and December 2011, culminating in the release of a box set containing the three constituent songs plus "Monster", which was recorded during the same sessions.
 The EP and box set were released on December 14, 2011 on Paramore's website.
 The EP is the first release of new material by Paramore not to include band members Josh and Zac Farro.
