Chauncey Thomas (August 13, 1813 in Damascus, Wayne County, Pennsylvania – October 5, 1882 in Shohola Glen, Pike County, Pennsylvania), was one of eleven children born to mill owner and entrepreneur Moses Thomas and his wife, Rebecca Monington.
 On his father's side of the family, his grandfather Moses Thomas had been killed by Indians near Narrowsburg during the French and Indian War.
 On his maternal side, the Monington family of Philadelphia had come to the Delaware valley from Gloucester, England in the early 18th century.
Daniel Francis McGarvey (born December 2, 1887 in Philadelphia and died March 7, 1947 in Philadelphia) was an American Major League Baseball left fielder who played in one game for the Detroit Tigers on May 18, .
 McGarvey was one of several replacement players that the Tigers played that day after the regular Tigers players went on strike to protest the suspension of star center fielder Ty Cobb.
Robert Lawrence Leonard (born February 28, 1969), better known by his stage name Robert Sean Leonard, is an American actor.
 He is known for playing Dr. James Wilson in the television series "House" (2004–2012) and Neil Perry in the film "Dead Poets Society".
 Leonard won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in "The Invention of Love" in 2001.
 His other Broadway credits include "Candida", "Long Day's Journey Into Night", "Breaking the Code", "The Speed of Darkness", "Philadelphia, Here I Come!
", "Arcadia", "The Music Man", "Born Yesterday", and "To Kill a Mockingbird".
Thomas David Hodges (born April 5, 1972 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American artist, who worked on many Star Wars webcomics, as well as "Star Wars Insider" article "The Mandalorians: People and Culture" written by Karen Traviss and notable for featuring visual reference on the first female Mandalorian.
 He also contributed artwork to the book "You Can Draw: Star Wars" published by DK Publishing.
Howard Newton "Sonny" Keys was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League from 1960 to 1965 with the Philadelphia Eagles.
 He was born in Orlando, Oklahoma, on January 24, 1935.
 Sonny was a star athlete for the Pioneers at Stillwater High School in Stillwater, Oklahoma where he played football, basketball, baseball and track.
 He was named to the Oklahoma All-State football team and played in the All Stars game and the Oil Bowl.
 His high school named Sonny "Mr. Pioneer."
 He played all positions on the line, including center.
 He went to college at Oklahoma State University in Stillwater.
 At OSU, he was part of the Cowboys championship Blue Grass Bowl game which was broadcast by Howard Cosell.
 Sonny is described as a "mauling defender" in OSU's Heritage Hall Museum in historic Gallagher-Iba Arena.
 He was drafted in the 12th round of the 1959 NFL Draft.
 He was a part of Buck Shaw's 1960 NFL Championship season.
 He played five seasons with the Eagles and was known for knowing and playing every position on the offensive line.
 His family was featured in many local advertisements including Food Fair and a dairy distributorship.
 His teammate, Tommy McDonald, cited a tough Sonny Keys in the book "They Pay Me to Catch Footballs."
 In 1965, he joined Jerry Williams of the Calgary Stampeders as an assistant coach.
 After the Stampeders went to the Canadian Grey Cup, he chose to return to the NFL as an assistant coach with the Cleveland Browns under head coach Nick Skorich.
 After his death from complications of cancer in 1971, the Philadelphia Eagles dedicated their annual Christmas card to his memory.
 His outstanding scouting and recruiting abilities made his legacy live on in the NFL.
 For example, he brought fellow OSU alum, Jerry Sherk, to the Cleveland Browns, along with other top talents.
 As part of the 1960s world championship football team, Sonny was inducted into the city of Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame in 2006.
Wesley Theodore "Moose" Englehorn (January 21, 1890 – September 3, 1993) was an American football player and coach.
 Born in Helena, Montana, Englehorn first gained fame as a football player for Spokane High School.
 While he was a junior in high school, he was reportedly recruited by Princeton University to come east to play football for the school.
 A newspaper account in 1907 reported: "It is expected that Wesley Englehorn, the giant left tackle of the high school team, will also enter the Eastern college.
 If this materializes the Spokane high school will be weakened next year by the loss of two of its greatest players.
 ... Englehorn is also a strong basket ball player and track athlete."
 Englehorn did not enroll at Princeton and instead played for two years on the All Star Pacific Northwest football and basketball teams.
 He began his collegiate career at Washington State College.
 After playing one year of football at Washington State, Englehorn enrolled at Dartmouth College, where he played two years at the tackle position.
 He was elected team captain for the 1913 season, but he was declared ineligible under "the so-called three-year rule" because of his year at Washington State.
 Though ineligible to play, Englehorn served as the team's assistant coach in 1913 and was elected class president.
 He was selected as a first-team All-American in 1912.
 He graduated from Dartmouth in 1914 and worked as a football coach for several years thereafter.
 From 1914 to 1916, he was the football coach at Case School of Applied Science in Cleveland, Ohio.
 In 1917, he was hired as the line coach and first assistant football coach at Colgate University.
 In 1920, he was an assistant coach under Frank Cavanaugh at Boston College.
 In 1921, he was hired as the head football coach at Amherst College.
 In January 1922, Englehorn announced his retirement from coaching.
 Shortly before his death at age 103, Englehorn said, "It's the football I remember best ... the teammates .
.
 the teamwork."
 Prior to his death in 1993, he was living at Stapeley Hall, a home for the elderly in the Germantown section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was the oldest living All-American football player.
Joe Brooks (December 14, 1923 – December 5, 2007), born John Joseph Brooks, Jr., was an American character actor best known for portraying Trooper Vanderbilt, the near-sighted soldier, in "F Troop".
 He was born and died in Los Angeles, CA and began his acting career after graduating from high school and had his first speaking part in the 1944 John Wayne film, "The Fighting Seabees."
 During World War II Brooks put his acting career on hold and served his country fighting in the South Pacific.
 He then returned to California and continued to act mainly as an extra and in bit parts until he was called to audition for the role of Vanderbilt.
 His career spanned some 22 movies and numerous television appearances over 40 years.
 His other credits include the films "East Of Eden" (1955), "Tall Man Riding" (1955), "The Young Lions" (1958), "Born Reckless" (1958), "Flaming Star" (1960), "Robin and the 7 Hoods" (1964), "Pursuit" (1972), "The Bad News Bears" (1976), "Gremlins" (1984), and "Eye of the Tiger" (1986), and the TV shows "Rawhide", "The Six Million Dollar Man", "Bewitched", "The Munsters", and "Cheyenne".
Vladislav Boulin (born May 18, 1972 in Penza, U.S.S.R.) is a defenceman currently playing for Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.
 Boulin was drafted 103rd overall in the 5th round by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft.
 Boulin began his career with HC Dynamo Moscow of the Russian Super League, where he played two seasons.
 He then spent three seasons in the American Hockey League, two with the Hershey Bears, and one with the Philadelphia Phantoms.
 He split the 1997-98 season with Star Bulls Rosenheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga and Michigan K-Wings of the International Hockey League.
 He returned to the RSL for the 1998-99 season, playing for SKA Saint Petersburg, then went back to the DEL for 1999-2000.
 He played with Augsburger Panther that season, and the Hannover Scorpions the next.
 He finally returned once again to the RSL for 2001-02, playing two seasons for Lada Togliatti.
 He spent the 2003-04 and 2004-05 seasons once again with HC Dynamo Moscow, and has been with Metallurg Magnitogorsk every season since.
OJ Mariano (born 1981 or 1982) is a Filipino singer.
 He is the second runner-up of the second season of ABS-CBN's reality singing competition "Star in a Million".
 After the competition, he released an album under Star Records entitled "One Dream Come True".
 For his first album, he received Awit Awards' 2006 "Best New Male Recording Artist".
 He is currently performing as a singer in ABS-CBN's "The Singing Bee".
George M. Szabo III (born 1970 in Philadelphia, PA) is an American Star class sailor.
 He won the 2009 Star World Championships together with Rick Peters, and was second at the 2003 Snipe World Championships in Borstahusen.
