The Venetian Macao () is a luxury hotel and casino resort in Macau owned by the American Las Vegas Sands company.
 The Venetian is a 39-story, casino hotel on the Cotai Strip in Macau.
 The 10500000 sqft Venetian Macao is modeled on its sister casino resort The Venetian Las Vegas, and is the seventh-largest building in the world by floor area.
 The Venetian Macao is also the largest casino in the world, and the largest single structure hotel building in Asia.
City of Dreams () is a resort and casino in Cotai, Macau, China.
 It is built, owned and managed by Melco Crown Entertainment, formerly known as Melco PBL Entertainment.
 City of Dreams is Melco's second mega-sized property in Macau.
 It is located directly opposite The Venetian Macao, the first property in Cotai, opened by Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Sheldon Gary Adelson (pronounced ; born August 4, 1933) is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist.
 He is the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Las Vegas Sands Corporation, which owns the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, and is the parent company of Venetian Macao Limited, which operates The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino and the Sands Expo and Convention Center.
 He also owns the Israeli daily newspaper "Israel Hayom", and the "Las Vegas Review-Journal".
 Adelson, a lifelong donor and philanthropist to a variety of causes, founded with his wife's initiative the Adelson Foundation.
 He is a member of the Republican Party.
Macau is a special administrative district (SAR) located to the southeast of mainland China.
 Since Macau is using the “one country two systems” principle just like Hong Kong, acting as a special region of China, therefore it gained many benefits from the principle.
 The population in Macau is approximately 582,000.
 Tourism is a major industry in Macau.
 It is famous for the blend of Portuguese and Chinese cultures and its gambling industry, which includes Casino Lisboa, Macau, Sands Macau, The Venetian Macao, and Wynn Macau.
 There are many choices of hotels and resorts since it is one of the world class tourism industry in Asia.
The 10th International Indian Film Academy Awards (informally known as the Decadial IIFA Awards) were a major film awards ceremony honoring the best Bollywood films of 2008.
 The ceremony was held in The Venetian Macao, Macau from June 11 to June 13, 2009.
 The choice of Macau as host city was considered a well-planned decision, aimed at reducing tensions between India and China, as well as to end the "deadlock" between the two countries over the issue of exchange of cinema.
 The ceremony was hosted by Boman Irani, Ritesh Deshmukh and Lara Dutta.
The 2nd Macau International Movie Festival ceremony, organized by the Macau Film and Television Media Association and China International Cultural Communication Center, honored the best films of 2010 in the Greater China Region and took place on December 7, 2010, at the Venetian Macao, in Macau.
The Cotai Arena is an indoor arena, located on the premises of The Venetian Macao, on the Cotai Strip, in Macau, China.
 It opened in 2007 with a seating capacity of 15,000.
 The arena was known as Venetian Arena from 2007 to 2010, when it was renamed as "CotaiArena".
 It hosts sporting events such as basketball, tennis and boxing, as well as concerts and international televised awards shows.
The 2010 Mnet Asian Music Awards was the twelfth of the annual music awards in Seoul, South Korea that took place on November 28, 2010, at The Venetian Macao in Macau, China.
Sands China Limited () is an integrated resort developer and operator in Macau and a subsidiary of Las Vegas Sands Corp, the owner of The Venetian Las Vegas and The Palazzo.
 It mainly operates in five segments in Macau: The Venetian Macao, Sands Macao, The Plaza Macao, Sands Cotai Central and ferry and other operations.
 Its business involves gaming areas, meeting space, convention and exhibition halls, retail and dining areas and entertainment venues.
Miss International 2008, the 48th Miss International pageant, was held on November 8, 2008 at The Venetian Macao in Macau，the presenters are Dodo Cheng, Eric Tsang, Astrid Chan.
 63 contestants from all over the world competed for the crown, marking the biggest turnout in the 48 years of the pageant, surpassing the previous of 61 during last year pageant.
 The contestants also paid a visit to Hong Kong, Tokyo.
 Miss International 2007, Priscila Perales of Mexico, crowned her successor Alejandra Andreu of Spain as the new Miss International.
