Us is a 1991 television movie broadcast on CBS, produced, written and directed by Michael Landon.
 Landon also starred in the film, along with Barney Martin and Casey Peterson.
 It was a pilot for what would have been Landon's fourth consecutive television series; Landon's death that year precluded its going ahead.
 Landon played Jeff Hayes, a man just released from prison after serving many years due to being wrongfully convicted of killing a wealthy man's wife.
Mary Elizabeth "Betty" Taylor Bliss Dandridge, born Mary Elizabeth Taylor (April 20, 1824 – July 25, 1909), was the youngest of the three surviving daughters of President Zachary Taylor (1849-1850) and Margaret Mackall Smith Taylor.
These Old Broads is a 2001 television film written by Carrie Fisher and starring her mother Debbie Reynolds, as well as Shirley MacLaine, Joan Collins, and Elizabeth Taylor in her final film role.
 In a 2001 BBC "Omnibus" documentary about Elizabeth Taylor, Shirley MacLaine says that Julie Andrews and Lauren Bacall were originally planned to be in the movie.
 The role of Miriam Hodges was originally offered to June Allyson.
Margaret Landon (September 7, 1903 – December 4, 1993) was an American writer best remembered for "Anna and the King of Siam", her best-selling 1944 novel of the life of Anna Leonowens which eventually sold over a million copies and was translated into more than twenty languages.
 In 1950, Landon sold the musical play rights to Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II, who created the musical "The King and I" from her book.
 A later work, "Never Dies the Dream", appeared in 1949.
The Elizabeth Taylor Diamond, formerly known as the Krupp Diamond, is a 33.19 carat diamond that was bought by Richard Burton for his wife, Elizabeth Taylor in 1968.
 The Krupp diamond was one of a number of significant pieces of jewellery owned by Taylor, her collection also included the 68 carat Taylor–Burton Diamond, which was bought by the couple in 1969.
 The Krupp diamond was sold by Taylor's estate in 2011 for $8.8 million.
Anna and the King of Siam is a 1946 drama film directed by John Cromwell.
 An adaptation of the 1944 novel of the same name by Margaret Landon, it was based on the fictionalized diaries of Anna Leonowens, an Anglo-Indian woman who claimed to be British and became governess in the Royal Court of Siam (now modern Thailand) during the 1860s.
 Darryl F. Zanuck read Landon's book in galleys and immediately bought the film rights.
Anna and the King is a 1944 semi-fictionalized biographical novel by Margaret Landon.
Liz: The Elizabeth Taylor Story is a 1995 biographical television film directed by Kevin Connor.
 The film stars Sherilyn Fenn (as Elizabeth Taylor), Katherine Helmond, Nigel Havers, Angus Macfadyen, William McNamara and Ray Wise.
The King and I is a 1956 American musical film made by 20th Century Fox, directed by Walter Lang and produced by Charles Brackett and Darryl F. Zanuck.
 The screenplay by Ernest Lehman is based on the Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II musical "The King and I", based in turn on the novel "Anna and the King of Siam" by Margaret Landon.
 That novel in turn was based on memoirs written by Anna Leonowens, who became school teacher to the children of King Mongkut of Siam in the early 1860s.
 Leonowens' stories were autobiographical, although various elements of them have been called into question.
 The film stars Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner.
The King and I is the fifth musical by the team of composer Richard Rodgers and dramatist Oscar Hammerstein II.
 It is based on Margaret Landon's novel, "Anna and the King of Siam" (1944), which is in turn derived from the memoirs of Anna Leonowens, governess to the children of King Mongkut of Siam in the early 1860s.
 The musical's plot relates the experiences of Anna, a British schoolteacher hired as part of the King's drive to modernize his country.
 The relationship between the King and Anna is marked by conflict through much of the piece, as well as by a love to which neither can admit.
 The musical premiered on March 29, 1951, at Broadway's St. James Theatre.
 It ran for nearly three years, making it the fourth longest-running Broadway musical in history at the time, and has had many tours and revivals.
