Lieutenant Colonel Iceal E. "Gene" Hambleton, USAF (November 16, 1918 – September 19, 2004) was a United States Air Force navigator and electronic warfare officer who was shot down over South Vietnam during the 1972 Easter Offensive.
 He was aboard an EB-66 aircraft whose call sign was Bat 21.
 As the ranking navigator/EWO on the aircraft, he was seated immediately behind the pilot, giving him the call sign "Bat 21 Bravo".
 He survived for 11½ days behind enemy lines until he was retrieved in a daring ground operation.
 His rescue was the longest and most costly search and rescue mission during the Vietnam War.
 He received the Silver Star, the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal and a Purple Heart for his actions during this mission.
Behind Enemy Lines is a 2001 American war film directed by John Moore in his directorial debut, and starring Owen Wilson and Gene Hackman.
 The film tells the story of Lieutenant Chris Burnett, an American naval flight officer who is shot down over Bosnia and uncovers genocide during the Bosnian War.
 Meanwhile, his commanding officer is struggling to gain approval to launch a combat search and rescue mission to save Burnett.
 The plot is loosely based on the 1995 Mrkonjić Grad incident that occurred during the war.
Behind Enemy Lines II: Axis of Evil is a 2006 American war film and the sequel to "Behind Enemy Lines".
 The film was written and directed by James Dodson, starring Nicholas Gonzalez, Matt Bushell, Keith David, Denis Arndt, Ben Cross, Bruce McGill and Peter Coyote.
 Justifying its title, the film follows the first part, and was released direct-to-video on October 17, 2006.
Evasion charts, are maps made for servicemembers to be used when caught behind enemy lines to perform escape and evasion, escape maps were secreted to prisoners of war by various means to aid in escape attempts.
 During World War II, these maps were used by many American, British, and allied servicemen to escape from behind enemy lines.
 "The Allies needed to be able to print their clandestine maps on a material that would be hardier than paper -- material that wouldn't tear or dissolve in water" Modern evasion charts, produced for the US, UK, and NATO printed on vinyl sheet in the 1960s and currently of Tyvek 'paper', permit printing of minute detail while remaining waterproof and tear-resistant.
Special reconnaissance (SR) is conducted by small units of highly trained military personnel, usually from special forces units or military intelligence organizations, who operate behind enemy lines, avoiding direct combat and detection by the enemy.
 As a role, SR is distinct from commando operations, but both are often carried out by the same units.
 The SR role frequently includes covert direction of air and missile attacks, in areas deep behind enemy lines, placement of remotely monitored sensors and preparations for other special forces.
 Like other special forces, SR units may also carry out direct action (DA) and unconventional warfare (UW), including guerrilla operations.
Operation Halyard (or Halyard Mission), known in Serbian as Operation Air Bridge (Serbian: Операција Ваздушни мост ), was an Allied airlift operation behind enemy lines during World War II.
 In July 1944, the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) drew up plans to send a team to Chetniks led by General Draža Mihailović in the German-occupied Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia for the purpose of evacuating Allied airmen shot down over that area.
 This team, known as the Halyard team, was commanded by Lieutenant George Musulin, along with Master Sergeant Michael Rajacich, and Specialist Arthur Jibilian, the radio operator.
 The team was detailed to the United States Fifteenth Air Force and designated as the 1st Air Crew Rescue Unit.
 It was the largest rescue operation of American Airmen in history.
 According to historian Professor Jozo Tomasevich, a report submitted to the OSS showed that 417 Allied airmen who had been downed over occupied Yugoslavia were rescued by Mihailović's Chetniks, and airlifted out by the Fifteenth Air Force.
 According to Lt. Cmdr. Richard M. Kelly (OSS) grand total of 432 U.S. and 80 Allied personnel were airlifted during the Halyard Mission.
The "Behind Enemy Lines" series is a series of war films beginning with "Behind Enemy Lines" in 2001, followed by films in 2006, 2009 and 2014.
 All four films feature the United States Armed Forces.
SEAL Team 8: Behind Enemy Lines is a 2014 American war film directed by Roel Reiné and starring Tom Sizemore.
 It is the fourth installment in the "Behind Enemy Lines" series.
 The film was released on direct-to-video and Blu-ray on April 1, 2014.
Undercover: How to Operate Behind Enemy Lines, also known as Undercover and How to Operate Behind Enemy Lines, is a 1943 Office of Strategic Services training film, directed by and featuring John Ford.
 It was edited by Ford's longtime collaborator Robert Parrish.
Colonel Daniel J. Miller was born in Stony Point, New York.
 He enlisted in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II and served in the 826th Bombardment Squadron as a navigator in a B-24 Liberator.
 During the Korean War, he flew various aircraft, including the F-86 Sabre jet fighter.
 In the late Korean War and throughout the Vietnam War, he flew helicopter rescue missions.
 He was awarded the Silver Star during the Korean War in the 3rd Rescue Squadron.
 He braved heavy enemy fire in low visibility to rescue USMC Major Frank H. Presley.
 Immediately after rescuing Presley, his P-51 fighter escort was shot down, and he once again braved the fire to attempt to rescue USAF Captain Willis R. Brown, but Brown had failed to eject and had perished.
 In addition, he was also awarded the Cheney Award for a rescue in February 1951, when he rescued six wounded soldiers behind enemy lines in three attempts despite snow and enemy fire.
 During Vietnam, he flew rescue missions and commanded a light reconnaissance squadron, the 19th Tactical Air Support Squadron.
