James Westman (born September 16, 1972) is a Canadian baritone known for his interpretation of the Verdi, Puccini and bel canto operatic repertoire, and particularly his signature role of Germont in "La traviata", which he has sung in over 150 performances, with opera companies such as San Francisco Opera, Houston Grand Opera, Pittsburgh Opera, Florida Grand Opera, Graz Opera, Santa Fe Opera, Chicago Lyric Opera, Opéra de Montréal, Los Angeles Opera, Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux, Canadian Opera Company, Boston Lyric Opera, Cologne Opera, Vancouver Opera, English National Opera, San Diego Opera, Dallas Opera, Utah Opera, and Opera Theatre of St. Louis.
 On January 29, 2011 Westman created the lead role of Sandy Keith In the world premiere of Bramwell Tovey's The Inventor.
 In 2017 he played Sir John A. MacDonald in Harry Somers's Louis Riel for the Canadian Opera Company's tribute to Canada's 150th celebrations.
 As a recitalist, he has performed for the Marilyn Horne Foundation, Aldeburgh Connection, Aldeburgh Festival, Musikverein, Wigmore Hall, Queen Elizabeth Hall, Morgan Library & Museum, Koerner Hall, Carnegie Hall, Saito Kinen Festival in Japan, Stratford Summer Music, British Broadcasting Corporation, and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
 Westman first came to attention at the age of twelve when he was the first boy soprano to perform and record Mahler "4th Symphony" with Benjamin Zander and the Boston Philharmonic Orchestra in 1984.
 Westman is regularly featured as the Anthem singer for the Toronto Maple Leafs and numerous other NHL franchises.
 Four of Westman's recordings have been nominated for a Juno Award.
 Two recordings nominated for a Grammy Award.
Napoléon-Louis Bonaparte (11 October 1804 – 17 March 1831), also known as Louis II of Holland, was the middle son of Louis I of Holland and Hortense de Beauharnais.
 His father was the younger brother of Napoléon I and reigned as King of Holland from 1806 to 1810, while his mother was the daughter of Josephine de Beauharnais, Napoléon's first wife.
 He was the older brother of Louis Napoleon Bonaparte, future Emperor Napoleon III.
Auguste Charles Léonard François Vianesi (2 November 1837 – 4 November 1908) was an opera conductor, born in Italy and later naturalised French.
 His repertoire consisted mostly of French and Italian opera, in which he directed some of the world's great singers including Pauline Viardot, Christina Nilsson, Marcella Sembrich, the brothers Edouard and Jean de Reszke, and Feodor Chaliapin in the opera houses of London, Paris, Melbourne, St. Petersburg, Boston and New York.
 He retired around the time when sound recording became commercially available, and he seems not to have left any recorded legacy.
Édouard de Reszke, originally Edward, (22 December 185325 May 1917) was a Polish bass from Warsaw.
 Born with an impressive natural voice and equipped with compelling histrionic skills, he became one of the most illustrious opera singers active in Europe and America during the late-Victorian era.
Jean de Reszke (14 January 18503 April 1925) was a Polish tenor who was a major male opera star of the late 19th century.
It was first performed by a star-studded cast at the Paris Opéra on 30 November 1885 in the presence of President Grévy, with Jean de Reszke as Rodrigue.
 The staging was directed by Pedro Gailhard, with costumes designed by Comte Lepic, and sets by Eugène Carpezat (Act I), Enrico Robecchi and his student Amable (Act II), Auguste-Alfred Rubé, Philippe Chaperon and their student Marcel Jambon (Act III), and Jean-Baptiste Lavastre (Act IV).
 The opera had been seen 150 times there by 1919 but faded from the repertory and was not performed again in Paris until the 2015 revival at the Palais Garnier.
 While the opera itself is not in the standard operatic repertory, the ballet suite is a popular concert and recording piece which includes dances from different regions of Spain.
Joséphine de Reszke, in Polish Józefina Reszke (4 June 1855 – 22 February 1891) was a Polish soprano.
 Born in Warsaw, she was the sister of the bass Edouard and the tenor Jean de Reszke, famous singers in their own rights.
 She began her studies with her mother and with a Mme. Nissen-Salomon, and made her debut in Paris as Ophelia in Hamlet on 21 June 1875.
Napoléon Louis Charles Bonaparte (10 October 1802 – 5 May 1807) was the eldest son of Louis Bonaparte and Hortense de Beauharnais.
 His father was Emperor Napoleon I's younger brother; his mother was the daughter of Napoleon's first wife, Josephine de Beauharnais.
Napoleon is a historical miniseries which explored the life of Napoleon Bonaparte.
 In 2002, it was the most expensive television miniseries in Europe, costing the equivalent of (USD) $46,330,000 to produce.
 The miniseries covered Napoleon's military successes and failures, including the Battles of Eylau, Austerlitz, Waterloo and the retreat from Russia.
 It also delved into Napoleon's personal life: his marriage to and divorce from Josephine de Beauharnais, his marriage to Marie Louise, the Duchess of Parma and daughter of Francis II, and his affairs with Eleanore Denuelle and Marie Walewska.
 The series draws from Bonaparte historian Max Gallo's bestseller.
Edinburgh Grand Opera is Scotland's oldest existing grand opera company, founded in 1955 by Richard Telfer.
 This Edinburgh Music Society is run by its non-professional chorus with advice and support from the professional Artistic and Musical Directors and Designers it engages.
 It was originally known as the Edinburgh Grand Opera Group, and it has also been referred to as Edinburgh Grand Opera Company.
 Its soloists are a mixture of amateur, semi-professional and professional singers from Scotland and abroad, many of whom are students or graduates from the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland (previously the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Dance).
 It was the first amateur company to perform at the Edinburgh Festival Theatre.
