Wilton is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 4,116 at the 2010 census.
 Situated beside Wilson Pond, the former mill town is today primarily a recreation area.
The Manor of Rivington was a manorial estate in Rivington, Lancashire, England that possibly predates the Domesday survey.
 Before 1212 the Pilkington family owned six oxgangs of land.
 Over time it became separated in moieties and by the 16th century the Pilkingtons of Rivington Hall owned a 5/8 share.
 In 1605 the Lathoms of Irlam owned a quarter share and the Shaws 1/8.
Rivington Hall Barn adjoins Rivington Hall in Rivington, Lancashire, near Chorley and Bolton.
 The barn may date from between the 9th and 13th centuries, but more likely the 16th century, and was restored, altered and enlarged in 1905 by Jonathan Simpson for Lord Leverhulme.
 It is a Grade II Listed building.
Rivington Hall is a Grade II* listed building in Rivington, Lancashire, England.
 It was the manor house for the Lords of the Manor of Rivington.
 The hall is of various builds as successor to a 15th-century timber-framed courtyard house that was built near to the present building of which no trace remains.
 It is a private residence.
Savage is an unincorporated community and census-designated place located in Howard County, Maryland, about 18 mi south of Baltimore and 21 mi north of Washington, D.C. It is situated close to the city of Laurel and to the planned community of Columbia.
 As of the 2010 census it had a population of 7,054.
 The former mill town is a registered historic place, and has many original buildings preserved within and around the Savage Mill Historic District.
Bolton ( or locally ] ) is a town in Greater Manchester in North West England.
 A former mill town, Bolton has been a production centre for textiles since Flemish weavers settled in the area in the 14th century, introducing a wool and cotton-weaving tradition.
 The urbanisation and development of the town largely coincided with the introduction of textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution.
 Bolton was a 19th-century boomtown, and at its zenith in 1929 its 216 cotton mills and 26 bleaching and dyeing works made it one of the largest and most productive centres of cotton spinning in the world.
 The British cotton industry declined sharply after the First World War, and by the 1980s cotton manufacture had virtually ceased in Bolton.
Stank Hall is a historic building in Beeston, a suburb of Leeds in England.
 It was built in the late 15th century for the Beeston family.
 It has been listed as Grade II by English Heritage since 19 October 1951.
 Immediately to the north stands a Grade II*–listed barn of the late 15th – early 16th century that was also built for the Beeston family and was acquired by the Hodgson family in the 17th century.
 In 2014, the barn was acquired from the Leeds City Council by the Friends of Stank Hall Barn, with the intent of restoring it.
Muddy Creek Forks Historic District is a national historic district located at the Village of Muddy Creek Forks in East Hopewell, Fawn, and Lower Chanceford Townships in York County, Pennsylvania.
 The district includes 12 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, and 5 contributing structures.
 The buildings and structures were constructed between about 1800 and 1935.
 The buildings include the general store, six houses, a mill, grain elevator, warehouse, and Sweitzer barn.
 Most of the buildings incorporate Late Victorian style details.
 The structures are two bridges, a corn crib, a weigh station, and a mill race.
 The site is the site of a former mill and mill pond.
Baron Burnham, of Hall Barn in the Parish of Beaconsfield in the County of Buckingham, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1903 for the influential newspaper magnate Sir Edward Levy-Lawson, 1st Baronet, owner of the "Daily Telegraph".
 He had already been created a Baronet, of Hall Barn in The Parish of Beaconsfield in the County of Buckingham, in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1892.
 Levy-Lawson was the son of Joseph Moses Levy, who acquired the "Daily Telegraph" only months after its founding.
Almonte (pronounced "AL-mont" as opposed to the original Spanish pronunciation of "al-MON-tay") is a former mill town located in Lanark County, in the eastern portion of Ontario, Canada.
 Formerly a separate municipality, Almonte is now a ward of the town of Mississippi Mills, which was created on January 1, 1998 by the merging of Almonte with Ramsay and Pakenham townships.
 Almonte is located 46 km south-west of downtown Ottawa.
 Its population as of 2013 is about 5,000.
