Ramachandran Unnithan (Malayalam: ആർ.സി.ഉണ്ണിത്താൻ ; born 21 January 1936), popularly known as R. C. Unnithan or simply R.C. (Malayalam: ആർ.സി ), was a renowned Malayalam political activist and trade union leader and one of the early leaders of Communist Party of India in the southern districts and eastern plantations of Kerala, India.
 He contested on CPI(M) party tickets for the state legislative election in 1965 from Adoor constituency and from the nearby Konni constituency in 1970 and 1977.
 He was a political prisoner at the state prison along with several leading opposition leaders who were imprisoned in Kerala and elsewhere all across India during the Emergency regime when fundamental democratic rights were curtailed for twenty-one months between 1975 and 1977.
 He had published several books and articles.
 Notable among them was a personal/political diary penned while being imprisoned during emergency years.
The Miniature Radio-Frequency instrument (Mini-RF) is a synthetic aperture radar (SAR) instrument on the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO), which is currently in orbit around the Moon.
 It has a resolution of 30 m/pixel and two wavelength bands, a primary band at 12.6 cm and a secondary band at 4.2 cm.
 The original principal investigator of Mini-RF, Stewart Nozette, was arrested for espionage, and the current principal investigator is Ben Bussey of the Applied Physics Laboratory, where Mini-RF was built.
 Previous SAR instruments, such as the radar on the Magellan mission to Venus, were large, massive, power-hungry, and expensive.
 Intended as a demonstration of cheap, lightweight SAR technology, the Mini-RF instrument was designed in response to these concerns.
 Because it was a technology demonstration, Mini-RF is sometimes not included in lists of LRO's instruments.
Charles Bellinger Tate Stewart (February 6, 1806 – July 1, 1885) was an American-born pharmacist, doctor, and political leader in the Republic of Texas.
 He was born in Charleston, South Carolina, but moved to Texas in 1830.
 Stewart was a delegate from the Municipality of Austin to the Convention of 1836 where he signed the Texas Declaration of Independence from Mexico.
 He was a member of the committee that drafted the Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
 On March 8, 1836, two days after The Alamo fell, Stewart absented himself from the Convention for a few days to get married.
 On March 11, 1836, he married Julia Shepperd in the Lake Creek Settlement.
 Stewart returned to the Convention on March 16, 1836 and signed the Constitution of the Republic of Texas on March 17, 1836.
 He later attended the state constitutional convention of 1845.
 He represented Montgomery County in the Texas House of Representatives.
James Stewart, Earl of Moray (c. 1500–1544) was the illegitimate son of James IV of Scotland and his mistress Janet Kennedy.
 He was created Earl of Moray in 1501, and was young enough to avoid fighting at the disastrous Battle of Flodden in 1513.
 He went on to have a varied relationship with his half-brother James V, and was imprisoned for a time.
 In February 1531, James V gave him a commission to negotiate with rebels in Scottish Isles and offer them pardons for future obedience.
The Battle of Langside, fought on 13 May 1568, was one of the most unusual contests in Scottish history, bearing a superficial resemblance to a grand family quarrel, in which a woman fought her brother who was defending the rights of her infant son.
 In 1567, Mary, Queen of Scots' short period of personal rule ended in recrimination, intrigue and disaster when, after her capture at Carberry Hill, she was forced to abdicate in favour of James VI, her infant son.
 Mary was imprisoned in Loch Leven Castle, while her Protestant half-brother, James Stewart, Earl of Moray was appointed Regent on behalf of his nephew.
 In early May 1568 Mary escaped, heading west to the country of the Hamiltons, high among her remaining supporters, and the safety of Dumbarton Castle with the determination to restore her rights as queen.
 Mary was defeated and went into exile and captivity in England.
 The battle can be regarded as the start of the Marian civil war.
Stewart David Nozette (born May 20, 1957) is an American planetary scientist, technologist, and consultant who worked for the United States Department of Energy, the United States Department of Defense, DARPA, the United States Naval Research Laboratory, and NASA.
 He is also a convicted felon for attempted espionage and fraud against the United States.
 The FBI arrested him October 19, 2009, charging him with attempted espionage after a sting operation which Nozette's lawyer claims amounted to entrapment.
 At trial, Nozette admitted attempting to sell U.S. classified information to someone he believed was an Israeli Mossad operative, but was in reality an undercover Federal Bureau of Investigation employee.
 He pleaded guilty to one charge of attempted espionage and was sentenced, under the terms of a plea bargain, to thirteen years in prison and is now serving time at the Federal Correctional Institution, Terre Haute.
 The FBI found no evidence that any classified materials were actually released to anyone outside the US Government.
"Poetical Essay on the Existing State of Things" is an essay by Percy Bysshe Shelley published in 1811.
 The work was lost since its first appearance until a copy was found in 2006 and made available by the Bodleian Library in 2015.
 The anti-war and anti-imperialist work was intended to raise money for the radical Irish journalist Peter Finnerty, who had been imprisoned for libeling the Anglo-Irish politician Robert Stewart, Viscount Castlereagh, whom he accused of mistreating United Irish prisoners.
 The work is a precursor to "The Masque of Anarchy" and "England in 1819".
Porter Cornelius Bliss American journalist and diplomat: born on the Cattaraugus Reservation, Erie County, New York of Seneca Indians on December 28, 1838; studied at Hamilton College and Yale College; traveled in Maine, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia 1860-61, investigating the condition of the Indian tribes in behalf of societies at Boston; was employed for some months as clerk in the Indian Bureau, and subsequently in the post-office department at Washington 1861; took part in volunteer organizations for the defense of the capital; visited England the same year; accompanied Gen. James Watson Webb as private secretary on his mission to Brazil 1861-63; was commissioner of the Government of the Argentine Republic for the exploration of the Indian country called the Gran Chaco 1863; edited at Buenos Aires a monthly periodical, "The River Platte Magazine" (1864); was appointed by President López historiographer of Paraguay; became secretary to Hon. Charles Ames Washburn, U. S. minister to Paraguay, 1866; aided him in collecting materials for his "History of Paraguay" (2 vols., 1871); was imprisoned by command of López on a charge of treason and conspiracy for his assassination September 10, 1868; while imprisoned wrote under duress a deliberately falsified account of the U.S. legation's plan, retracted after his rescue by a U. S. Navy squadron December 10, 1868; appointed translator to the State Department at Washington, March, 1869; editor of the "Washington Chronicle" 1869-70; President Grant appointed him secretary of legation in Mexico 1870-74, and acting minister several months 1872-73.
 He afterward resided in New York, and was vice-president of the American Philological Society and an editor of the "New York Herald".
 Died in New York, February 1, 1885.
James Graham Fenner is a fictional character from the award-winning prison drama series "Bad Girls".
 He was portrayed by Jack Ellis.
 Fenner was one of main characters on the series, he started off as prison officer and principal officer of G-Wing.
 He later became G-Wing Governor but once Helen Stewart (Simone Lahbib) returned to her position he returned as a prison officer and principal officer.
 He was later imprisoned for death by dangerous driving but was released when his wife, Di Barker (Tracey Wilkinson), falsified evidence to clear his name.
 He returned to his job at Larkhall as G-Wing Governor, shortly before his death he was promoted to Acting Governing Governor.
 He last appeared in the show's seventh series, after he was murdered by Julie Johnston (Kika Mirylees).
Project Timberwind aimed to develop nuclear thermal rockets. Initial funding by the Strategic Defense Initiative ("Star Wars") from 1987 through 1991 totaled $139 million (then-year).
 The proposed rocket was later expanded into a larger design after the project was transferred to the Air Force Space Nuclear Thermal Propulsion (SNTP) program and underwent an audit in 1992 due to concerns raised by Steven Aftergood.
 This special access program provided the motivation for starting the FAS Government Secrecy project.
 Convicted spy Stewart Nozette was found to be on the master access list for the TIMBER WIND project.
