Zdeno Chára (] ; born 18 March 1977) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenseman, currently serving as captain of the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He won the James Norris Memorial Trophy while playing for the Bruins in the 2008–09 season.
The Adelaide Generals are an Australian junior ice hockey team based in Adelaide, South Australia playing in the second tier of the Australian Junior Ice Hockey League referred to as AJIHL Tier 2.
 They represent the first junior ice hockey team from South Australia as part of the proposed 2nd expansion of the AJIHL, which is the most elite level for ice hockey at a national level for ages between 16–20 years old.
Denis Kulyash (Russian: Денис Куляш ; born May 31, 1983) is a professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
 Kulyash has been a long-time member of Russia's national ice hockey team known for his extremely hard slap shot, which gained him a nickname "Tsar Cannon" (Russian: Царь-пушка ).
 Kulyash currently holds a record of fastest ice hockey shot previously held by Boston Bruins defenceman Zdeno Chara with a speed of 110.3 mph (177.6 km/h).
David C. Debol (born March 27, 1956 in St. Clair Shores, Michigan) is a retired professional ice hockey player currently serving as the head coach of the St. Clair Shores Fighting Saints of the Federal Hockey League.
 Debol played 92 games for the NHL Hartford Whalers and 68 games for the WHA Cincinnati Stingers between 1978 and 1981.
 He was also a member of the University of Michigan hockey team before turning professional.
 Debol represented the United States at the Ice Hockey World Championships in 1977, 1978 and 1981.
 He also played for the Michigan Wolverines hockey team and has been inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor.
The Carleton Ravens are a collegiate women's ice hockey team based out of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
 Competing as the women's ice hockey team of Carleton University, the Ravens play in the Quebec Student Sports Federation (RSEQ), as part of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport women's ice hockey championship.
 The team plays its home games at the Carleton Ice House, typically on Saturday and Sunday afternoons.
The Brisbane Blitz are an Australian junior ice hockey team based in Brisbane, Queensland playing in the second tier of the Australian Junior Ice Hockey League referred to as AJIHL Tier 2.
 They represent the first junior ice hockey team from Queensland as part of the proposed 2nd expansion of the AJIHL, which is the most elite level for ice hockey at a national level for ages between 16–20 years old.
Clayton Beddoes (born November 10, 1970) is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former professional ice hockey centre.
 He played two seasons in the National Hockey League.
 He is currently serving as head coach of the Italy men's national ice hockey team and as assistant coach at ERC Ingolstadt.
The Lee Valley Lions are an ice hockey team based in Leyton, east London where they play at the Lee Valley Ice Centre.
 They are the senior Ice Hockey team at the rink which they share with the London Raiders, Lee Valley Junior Ice Hockey Club, Eastern Stars and London Devils recreational teams and, the University of London Ice hockey Club.
Albert Anthony Iafrate ( ; born March 21, 1966) is a retired American professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the National Hockey League between 1984 and 1998.
 He is perhaps most famous for his extremely hard slap shot.
 He set a record for velocity during the NHL Skills Competition of 1993, a record which stood for 16 years, at 105.2 mph .
 The record was broken in 2009 by Zdeno Chára of the Boston Bruins with a slap shot at 105.4 mph in Montreal.
 Iafrate was born in Dearborn, Michigan, but grew up in Livonia, Michigan.
Zachary Justin Parise (born July 28, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey left winger who is currently serving as an alternate captain for the Minnesota Wild in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He has also played for the New Jersey Devils, where he served as team captain and led the team to the 2012 Stanley Cup Finals.
 Parise's father, J. P. Parisé, was a professional ice hockey player who played for Team Canada at the 1972 Summit Series, and his brother Jordan Parise is a retired professional hockey goaltender.
 He was an alternate captain for the United States at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics and the captain at the 2014 Sochi Olympics.
 Parise is of French-Canadian heritage.
