Halo Championship Series (HCS) is a professional "Halo" league sponsored by Microsoft and 343 Industries.
 It is governed by Electronic Sports League, more commonly referred to as ESL.
 Seasons 1 and 2 ran on "", specifically its remake of "Halo 2".
 In August 2015 Microsoft announced it would be increasing the total prize pool of the HCS to $1 million USD, for the newly announced Halo World Championship, which will be the debut event for "".
 This prize pool was later announced to be crowd-funded, which later resulted in Major League Gaming announcing that the prize pool had climbed to $2 million USD.
 Later that week, 343 announced that the prize pool was locked at $2.5 million USD.
 This was confirmed to give the winners, later announced to be Counter Logic Gaming, the largest single monetary prize in console eSports history.
The Sri Lanka Football Premier League (currently known under its sponsored name Dialog Champions League) is a Sri Lanka professional league for men's association football clubs.
 At the top of the Sri Lankan football league system, it is the country's primary football competition.
 Contested by 18 clubs, it operates on a system of promotion and relegation with the Division I.
The TT Pro League (formerly known as the Professional Football League) is the Trinidad and Tobago professional league for association football clubs.
 The league serves as the top division in the Trinidad and Tobago football league system and is the country's primary football competition.
 Contested by ten clubs, the league is one of the world's few football leagues that does not operate on an automatic system of promotion and relegation.
 Seasons run from September to May, with teams playing 27 games each, totaling 135 games in the season.
 Most games are played in the evenings of Fridays ("Super Fridays") and Saturdays ("Fiesta Saturdays"), with a few games played during weekday evenings.
 The Pro League headquarters is located in northwest of Trinidad and Tobago in St. Augustine.
 The league is currently sponsored by Digicel and thus officially known as the Digicel Pro League.
The Thai League 1 (Thai: ไทยลีก 1 ), commonly known as the T1, is a Thai professional league for Football Association of Thailand clubs.
 At the top of the Thai football league system, it is the country's premier football competition.
 Contested by 18 clubs, it operates on a system of promotion and relegation with Thai League 2.
 The Thai League is a corporation in which the 18 member clubs act as shareholders. Seasons run from March to October, with teams playing 34 games each with a total of 306 games in the season.
 It is sponsored by Toyota and therefore officially known as the Toyota Thai League.
 In the Thai League, most of the games are played during Saturdays and Sundays, with a few games played during the weekdays.
The Liga I (] ; English: First League ), also spelled Liga 1 (] ; English: League One ), is a Romanian professional league for men's association football clubs.
 It is currently sponsored by betting company Betano, and thus officially known as the Liga 1 Betano.
 At the top of the Romanian football league system, it is the country's primary football competition.
 Contested by 14 clubs, it operates on a system of promotion and relegation with Liga II.
 The teams play 26 matches each in the regular season, and then enter the play-off or the play-out according to their position in the regular season.
The Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 (Arabic: الرابطة الجزائرية المحترفة الأولى لكرة القدم‎ ‎ ); known as Championnat National de Première Division or Ligue 1 for short, and formerly known as the Championnat National 1, is the Algerian professional league for association football clubs.
 It is the country's primary football competition and serves as the top division of the Algerian football league system.
 Ligue 1 is one of two divisions making up the Ligue de Football Professionnel, the other being Ligue Professionnelle 2.
 The league is contested by 16 clubs, and it operates on a system of promotion and relegation with Ligue 2.
 In 2009 it was known as Championnat d'Algérie D1 Nedjma and from 2010 to 2014, it was known as Ligue Professionnelle 1 Nedjma as it is sponsored by Kuwaiti telecommunications company Nedjma.
 From 2014, the league is officially known as Ligue Professionnelle 1 Mobilis as it is sponsored by Algerian telecommunications company "Mobilis".
The China Chess League (CCL) () is a Chinese professional league for chess clubs.
 The league is organized by the Chinese Chess Association.
 It is sponsored by Youngor Group and was sponsored by the Shandong Torch Real Estate Group (2005–2009) and it has been able to determine the league's sponsorship name.
 Seasons usually run from April to November each year.
 The league is contested by 10 clubs.
 Under the rules of the league each team is allowed to register seven Chinese players and an unlimited quota of foreign players.
 The rules require five boards with at least two female players and a 25 min+30 sec increment rapid game must also be played on one of the boards.
Dallas Roma F.C. is an American amateur soccer club based in Dallas, Texas, consisting of Men's, Woman's, Youth, and Coed Teams.
 Established in 2000, The Roma men's team last played in 2011 in the North Texas Premier Soccer Association, a United States Adult Soccer Association-affiliated league, that represents the fifth tier of the American soccer pyramid.
 The Roma youth teams currently play in the prestigious Classic League, a competitive playing league sponsored by the Chamber Classic Soccer Alliance, Inc. (“Alliance” or “CCSAI”), which is affiliated with and sanctioned by the North Texas State Soccer Association.
Nicolau Colaco (born 16 May 1984) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for FC Goa in the Indian Super League, on loan from I-League club Salgaocar.
The 2016–17 Goa Professional League is the 19th season of the Goa Professional League, the top football league in the Indian state of Goa, since its establishment 1996.
 The league began on 21 August 2016 and will conclude in January 2017.
 The first phase of the league shall have majority of matches played at the Duler Stadium.
