A separately managed account (SMA) is a term within the investment management industry encompassing several different types of investment accounts.
 For example, an SMA often is used to refer to an individual managed investment account often offered by a brokerage firm through one of their brokers or financial consultants and managed by independent investment management firms (often called money managers for short) and have varying fee structures.
 These particular types of SMAs may be called "wrap fee" or "dual contract" accounts, depending on their structure.
 There is no official designation for the SMA, but there are common characteristics that are represented in many types of SMA programs.
 These characteristics include an open structure or flexible investment security choices; multiple money managers; and a customized investment portfolio formulated for a client's specific investment objectives or desired restrictions.
Investment control or investment controlling is a monitoring function within the asset management, portfolio management or investment management.
 It is concerned with independently supervising and monitoring the quality of asset management accounts with the aim of ensuring performance and quality in order to provide the required benefit for the asset management client.
 Dependent on setup, investment controlling not only encompasses controlling activities but also can include areas from compliance to performance review.
 Investment controlling aspects can also be taken into consideration by asset management clients or investment advisers/consultants and consequently it is likely that these stakeholders also run certain investment controlling activities.
Orbis Investment Management is an investment management firm headquartered in Bermuda, with offices in London, Vancouver, Sydney, San Francisco, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Luxembourg.
 The company has a close relationship with Allan Gray Investment Management in South Africa and Allan Gray Australia.
 Orbis manages approximately $25 billion on behalf of both institutional and individual investors.
 Orbis Access, its direct-to-consumer platform, was launched in the UK in January 2015.
Joel Greenblatt (born December 13, 1957) is an American academic, hedge fund manager, investor, and writer.
 He is a value investor, and adjunct professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Business.
 He is the former chairman of the board of Alliant Techsystems and founder of the New York Securities Auction Corporation.
 He is also a director at Pzena Investment Management, a high-end value firm.
Barclays Wealth and Investment Management is a wealth manager providing private banking, investment management, brokerage and fiduciary services to private clients and financial intermediaries all over the world.
 Barclays provides Wealth and Investment Management across 20 offices to clients in 50 countries and has client assets of £202.8 billion (as of 30 June 2013).
Richard "Rich" Pzena (born January 8, 1959) is an American investment manager.
 He is the founder and chief investment officer of Pzena Investment Management, a New York-based deep value investment firm with $26.4 billion in assets under management.
Cowen Inc. is a diversified financial services firm that provides alternative investment management, investment banking, research, and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Cowen Investment Management (formerly Ramius LLC), a global alternative investment management business, and Cowen and Company, LLC, a broker-dealer business.
 Founded in 1918 by Harry Cowen and Arthur Cowen, Jr., the Firm is headquartered in New York City and has offices located worldwide.
Pacific Investment Management Company, LLC (commonly called PIMCO), is an American investment management firm headquartered in Newport Beach, California, with over 2,000 employees working in 13 offices across 12 countries, and $1.51 trillion in assets under management as of 30 June 2016.
 The company provides mutual funds and other portfolio management and asset allocation solutions for millions of investors worldwide.
 PIMCO offers a broad list of investment strategies that encompass the entire risk spectrum and capital structure, including core bonds and credit, structured credit, alternatives, real assets, equities and currencies.
Royal London Asset Management (RLAM) is a UK-based investment management company with assets under management of more than £101 billion.
 Headquartered in London, United Kingdom, it has over 2,900 employees working across seven sites in UK and Ireland(as at 30 September 2016).
 RLAM offers investment management – mutual funds, active and passive portfolio management as well asset allocation for a wide range of clients.
 RLAM’s clients include, but are not limited to; listed companies, pension schemes, local authorities, educational establishments, charities, wealth managers, financial advisers and multi-managers.
 RLAM invests across all major asset classes, including the UK and overseas equities, government bonds, investment grade and high yield corporate bonds, property and cash.
 RLAM is a wholly owned, autonomous subsidiary of the Royal London Group, the UK's largest mutual insurance company.
The Journal of Investment Management (JOIM) is a quarterly refereed journal which seeks to be a nexus of theory and practice of investment management.
 "The Journal Of Investment Management" offers in-depth research with practical significance utilising concepts from the economics and accounting disciplines.
 The editor is Gifford H. Fong, founder of Gifford Fong Associates, a boutique bond and equity analysis firm.
