Seantrel Henderson (born January 21, 1992) is an American football offensive tackle for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was drafted by the Bills in the seventh round of the 2014 NFL Draft.
 He played college football at Miami.
 Henderson attended Cretin-Derham Hall High School and originally signed a letter of intent to play college football at the University of Southern California, but was released from his commitment in July 2010 and eventually committed to the University of Miami.
Baron Batch (born December 21, 1987), self-styled "The Artist", a Pittsburgh-based entrepreneur and former American football running back who retired from the NFL in 2013.
 He is known for his "FREE" art drops, where he posts pictures of giveaway paintings on Instagram and Twitter, leaving clues to their location.
 He played college football at Texas Tech University.
 Batch chose to play college football at Texas Tech University over offers from Northwestern University, Duke University, and New Mexico State University.
 Batch is from Midland, Texas.
 He is the owner and creator of Angry Man Salsa and creative director of Studio AM.
 He is the brother of Brian Batch of the band Alpha Rev.
Jamal Sharif Anderson (born September 30, 1972) is a former American football running back of the National Football League.
 He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the seventh round of the 1994 NFL Draft.
 He played high school football at El Camino Real High School, where he was named to the CIF Los Angeles City Section 4-A All-City first team in 1989.
 He went on to play college football at Moorpark College for the Moorpark College Raiders before playing at Utah.
Jamal Robertson (born January 10, 1977) is a former Canadian football running back and kick returner who played in the Canadian Football League and National Football League.
 He was originally signed by the Calgary Stampeders as an undrafted free agent in 2001.
 He played college football at Ohio Northern.
 Jamal was one of the greatest athletes in Ohio Northern University (ONU) history.
 During his career at ONU, he amassed numerous school records and won the Division III National Player of the Year award.
 Jamal is an alumnus of Walter E. Stebbins High School in Dayton, Ohio, where he was an all state running back and a state champion in track & field.
Egekeze was born in Augusta, Georgia in 1985.
 He attended Westside High School in Augusta, where he was a three-year starter in football, basketball and soccer.
 A placekicker and punter for the school's football team, he was selected as an all-state player as a senior.
 Egekze also maintained a high school grade point average of 3.86 and was recruited to play college football by several major universities, including the University of Georgia, Ohio State University, University of Texas, and Penn State.
 He accepted a scholarship to attend the University of Maryland.
Randall Scott Kirk (born December 27, 1964 in San Jose, California) is a former American football linebacker and special teams member who played thirteen seasons in the National Football League.
 He is a 1982 graduate of Bellarmine College Prep where his team went undefeated and finished #1 in the state, and went on to play college football at San Diego State University.
Jamal Benjamin Brooks (born November 9, 1976) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and St. Louis Rams.
 He played college football at Hampton University.
George Carroll Thomas, Jr. (March 4, 1928 – May 23, 1989) was an American football halfback and defensive back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the New York Giants.
 He was a standout high school basketball player, which led to his being recruited to play college basketball for Tulane University.
 However, first year OU football coach, Jim Tatum, convinced him stay in Oklahoma and play college football at the University of Oklahoma.
 Thomas was a standout for the Sooners, lettering in '46, '47,'48 and '49.
 He earned All-American status in 1949 List of Oklahoma Sooners football All-Americans.
 Thomas graduated from OU with a degree in Business Administration in 1950.
The 1891 Purdue football team was an American football team that represented Purdue University during the 1891 college football season.
 The team compiled a 4–0 record in the university's fourth season fielding an intercollegiate football team.
 For the 1891 season, Purdue hired Knowlton Ames as its football coach.
 Ames played for Princeton from 1886 to 1889 and was considered one of the greatest players ever to play college football, after scoring 730 points for Princeton.
 The 1891 Purdue team shut out all four opponents, outscoring Wabash, DePauw, Indiana, and Butler by a combined score of 192 to 0.
 Purdue's 60–0 victory over Indiana was the first installment in a rivalry which later became noted for the award of the Old Oaken Bucket trophy.
Johnson Bademosi (born July 23, 1990) is an American football cornerback and special teamer for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was signed by the Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2012.
 He was a member of the football, rugby, and track and field teams at Gonzaga College High School and went on to play college football for Stanford University.
