The Truth About Love is a 2005 film directed by John Hay and starring Jennifer Love Hewitt, Jimi Mistry and Dougray Scott.
RocknRolla is a 2008 British-American crime comedy film written and directed by Guy Ritchie, and starring Gerard Butler, Tom Wilkinson, Thandie Newton, Mark Strong, Idris Elba, Tom Hardy, Jimi Mistry and Toby Kebbell.
 It was released on 5 September 2008 in the UK, hitting No. 1 in the UK box office in its first week of release.
Partition is a 2007 film directed by Vic Sarin, written by Patricia Finn and Vic Sarin, and starring Jimi Mistry and Kristin Kreuk.
 The film is set in 1947, based on the partition of India and was partially shot in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.
A Room for Romeo Brass is a 1999 British comedy-drama film directed and written by Shane Meadows.
 It was co-written by frequent Meadows collaborator Paul Fraser.
 Filming began in September 1998.
West Is West is a 2010 British comedy-drama film, which is a sequel to the 1999 comedy "East Is East".
 It stars Om Puri, Linda Bassett, Aqib Khan, Ila Arun and Jimi Mistry, is written by Ayub Khan-Din, directed by Andy DeEmmony, and produced by Leslee Udwin for Assassin Films and BBC Films.
My Kingdom is a 2001 British crime film directed by Don Boyd and starring Richard Harris, Lynn Redgrave and Jimi Mistry.
Exam is a 2009 British psychological thriller film written by Simon Garrity and Stuart Hazeldine, directed by Hazeldine, and starring Colin Salmon, Chris Carey, Jimi Mistry, Luke Mably, Gemma Chan, Chuk Iwuji, John Lloyd Fillingham, Pollyanna McIntosh, Adar Beck and Nathalie Cox.
Fawad Siddiqui is an American actor, improvisational comedian, journalist and cartoonist.
 He has appeared on the USA Network television show "Burn Notice" alongside Bruce Campbell and Jeffrey Donovan, in the George Clooney film "The Men Who Stare At Goats" with Ewan McGregor [1], and in the indie films "The Bait" and "Festival of Lights"—starring Jimi Mistry and Aidan Quinn.
 He also had a role in Queen Latifah produced sequel The Cookout Part 2—starring Charlie Murphy, Mike Tyson and Faizon Love—and currently has a recurring role on the fifth season of the Lifetime Network series "Army Wives".
 He also appeared in the latest season of the FX/The Audience Network series "Damages"—starring Glenn Close, Rose Byrne and John Goodman—as the shady Afghan information broker Shahbaz Gul opposite Dylan Baker, and in the French comedy "Bienvenue à Bord"—opposite popular French comedic actors Franck Dubosc and Valérie Lemercier, released in October 2011.
 He will be featured in the upcoming 2013 indie drama "Sunlight Jr.", from critically acclaimed director Laurie Collyer, opposite Matt Dillon and Naomi Watts.
 And he played the role of Mohammed Al Ghamdi in the second season of the Emmy Award-winning Showtime series Homeland, starring Claire Danes and Mandy Patinkin.
Festival of Lights is a 2010 film directed and written by Shundell Prasad.
 It stars Melinda Shankar as the rebellious and mouthy Reshma, Jimi Mistry as Reshma's birth father, and Aidan Quinn as Reshma's stepfather.
 The film deals with Reshma's struggles to find her father whom she was separated from when she and her mother, played by Ritu Singh Pande, migrate from Guyana to New York City.
East Is East is a 1999 British comedy-drama film written by Ayub Khan-Din and directed by Damien O'Donnell.
 It is set in Salford, Lancashire, in 1971, in a mixed-ethnicity British household headed by Pakistani father George (Om Puri) and an English mother, Ella (Linda Bassett).
