Hendersonville is a city in Henderson County, North Carolina United States.
 This city is 22 miles south of Asheville.
 It is the county seat of Henderson County.
 Like the county, the city is named for 19th-century North Carolina Supreme Court Chief Justice Leonard Henderson.
Union Township is one of the thirteen townships of Clinton County, Ohio, United States.
 The 2010 United States Census reported 3,085 people living in the township.
 The township surrounds the city of Wilmington, the Clinton County seat.
 Previous censuses recorded the population of Wilmington as within Union Township, and thus the township population was 14,929 at the 2000 census.
 The population of 3,008 living in the unincorporated portions of the township in 2000 is comparable to the 2010 entire township population.
Slum upgrading is an urban renewal strategy which consists of physical, social, economic, organizational and environmental improvements to slums, undertaken cooperatively and locally among citizens, community groups, businesses and local authorities.
 The main objective of slum upgrading is to alleviate the poor living standards of slum dwellers.
 Many slums lack basic local authority services such as provision of safe drinking water, sanitation, wastewater and solid waste management.
 Slum upgrading is used mainly for projects inspired by or engaged by the World Bank and similar agencies.
 It is considered by the proponents a necessary and important component of urban development in the developing countries.
 However, many people do not believe that slum upgrading is successful.
 They point to the difficulties in providing the necessary resources either in a way that is beneficial to the slum-dwellers or in a way that has long-term effectiveness.
 Alternatives to slum upgrading include the construction of alternative tenements for people living in slums (rather than fixing the infrastructure itself) or the forced removal of slum dwellers from the land.
The McIntosh County Seat War was a dispute in Oklahoma over the location of the McIntosh County seat that took place between 1907 and 1909.
 Following a pair of elections that resulted in the town of Checotah being designated as the new county seat, the people of Eufaula refused to hand over the county records.
 As a result, a group of heavily armed men from Chectotah attempted to seize the records, but were forced to surrender during the gunbattle that ensued.
 One year later, after another close election, Eufaula became the permanent county seat.
Henderson Point is a census-designated place (CDP) in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States.
 It is part of the Gulfport–Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The population was 170 at the 2010 census.
Paulding is an unincorporated community in and one of the two county seats of Jasper County, Mississippi.
 It is the only unincorporated county seat in Mississippi.
 Settled in 1833, it was named by United States settlers in honor of Revolutionary War hero John Paulding.
 After its citizens refused to contribute to a new railroad, the community was bypassed in favor of Bay Springs, Mississippi, which was designated a railroad stop to the west and the second county seat.
 It attracted more development and industry.
Lewistown is a borough in and the county seat of Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, United States.
 It is the principal city of the "Lewistown, PA Micropolitan Statistical Area", which encompasses all of Mifflin County.
 It lies along the Juniata River, 61 mi northwest of Harrisburg.
 The number of people living in the borough in 1900 was 4,451; in 1910, 8,166; in 1940, 13,017; and in 2000, 8,998.
 The population was 8,338 at the 2010 census.
 Of the four communities in the United States named "Lewistown", this borough is the largest.
Jasper County Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Jasper County's county seat of Newton, Illinois; it is the only school district in the county and is, consequently, the main educational body in all of Jasper County, although it serves portions of Effingham County and Cumberland County as well.
 This school district is composed of six schools in total; four elementary schools, one junior high school, and one high school.
 There is also a prekindergarten program run at the high school of the district should parents wish to enroll their children early.
 Willow Hill Elementary School, which is located in the village of its namesake, serves only kindergarteners; its proximity to the county seat and central position in the county allows its students to dawn from all parts of the county and still have easy access to the elementary school they will attend.
 The principal of Willow Hill is Dave Parker.
 Grove Elementary School is located in Island Grove, Illinois, the highest point of elevation in the county.
 Grove Elementary School educates students from kindergarten to grade six, and it runs a prekindergarten program as well.
 Craig Carr is the principal of this school.
 Ste. Marie Elementary School is located in the southern Jasper County village of Ste. Marie, and serves students in grades one through six.
 The principal of Ste. Marie is David Parker, the principal of Willow Hill Elementary School.
 Newton Elementary School is located in the county seat of Newton, and serves most of west Jasper County's first through sixth graders under principal Travis Wyatt.
 The latter three elementary schools feed into Jasper County Junior High School and are taught in the facility during seventh and eighth grade while being supervised by Newton Elementary School principal Travis Wyatt before graduating into Newton Community High School.
 Students in grades nine through twelve spend their last leg of precollegiate education at this school; their principal is Ruth Kerner.
 The district superintendent is Ron Alburtus, and the district's mascot is the eagle.
Henderson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 46,250.
 The county seat is Henderson.
 The county was formed in 1798 and named for Colonel Richard Henderson who purchased 17,000,000 acre of land from the Cherokee Indians, part of which would eventually make up the county.
Henderson is a city in Rusk County, northeast Texas, United States.
 The population was 13,712 at the 2010 census.
 It is the county seat of Rusk County.
 Henderson is named for James Pinckney Henderson, the first governor of Texas.
