Arattupuzha Pooram (Malayalam: ആറാട്ടുപുഴ പൂരം) is a popular temple festival of India.
 The annual festival at Arattupuzha is also termed as the "mother of all pooram festivals in Kerala", due to its sheer magnitude and grandeur.
 Visitors from nearby and far off places reach the village of Arattupuzha during the festival days, to be part of this grand festival.
 The pinnacle of excitement and devotion during the seven-day festival is the last two days.
 The evening prior to the last day of the festival would have an assembly of caparisoned elephants and staging of percussion ensembles as part of the ceremony called Sasthavinte Melam.
 The pancharimelam of Aarttupuzha Sasthavu is the largest assembly of percussion artists in any other night Poorams.
Hsing Tian Kong (; also Xingtian Temple or Xingtian Gong) is a popular temple in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
 This temple is devoted to Guan Yu, the patron god of businessmen, and is relatively recent in origin.
 This temple is situated on a street corner near the center of the city.
 Sculptures of dragons feature prominently in this temple's design.
 It covers over 7,000 square meters.
Khambi is a large village located in Palwal District Haryana, India.
 Village is located in Palwal - Hasanpur Road.
 Sholaka is nearest Railway station, Hodal is a Nearest Town.
 Khambi Village is situated 24 kilometers from the city of Palwal and 32 kilometers from Hodal.
 Mathuradas Baba Mandir is very popular temple in village.
 Khambi is comes under Braj Bhumi and there is 3-4 another popular temple in village.
Magarthana is a Village Development Committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
 At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8971 people residing in 1766 individual households.it is beautiful village as per name it has much more land where farmer grow their crops .
most of population depend on farming .
there is a popular temple mangalnath BaBa which is located in the perfect area,the care taker of this temple is mahanth .
there are a lots of pond in this vdc.there is a school shree newalal rashtriya primary school Magarthana, where student strength is high.the near by villages are sundarpur ,sonma, phulkaha,tarhari,basantpur,haripurwa,shripur.it is near by sarlahi district.
Gupteshwar Mahadev is a popular temple of the lord Shiva in the Udaipur city in the state of Rajasthan, India.
Sree Guruvayoor Mahathmyam (mythological theme) is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film directed by P Bhaskaran.This cinema is based on the historic importance, religious beliefs and divinity behind the GURUVAYUR TEMPLE, one of the most popular temple of Lord Sree Krishna in India located in Trissur District, Kerala State.
 This cinema is produced by Guruvayur Devaswom.
 The picturization of this cinema is entirely done inside the temple premises.
 Apart from depicting the history in detail the film had slogams from Geethagovindam, Jnanapana, Narayaneeyam, Srikrishnakarnamritham.
 These slogams was rendered by Yesudas, Dr Balamuralikrishna, M.G.Radhakrishnan, P.Leela, P.Susheela, S.Janaki, Sushama, Kalyani Menon, Ben King sait.
Sabaila is a municipality in Dhanusha District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
 At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 6,860 persons living in 1,246 individual households.
 Sabaila is one of the strongest municipalities of Dhanusha district.
 There is one Area Police Station in Sabaila, which is located in Sabaila Ward No-07.
 There is a central market place which is important to 20 villages around it.
 There is one popular temple named, "Durga Mandir" where "Dashain- one of the greatest Hindu festivals", is celebrated in grand way.
 One thing of this place is most of the people is educated and they are technical persons like Overseer, Engineer, & Professional such as CA, Doctor, MBA, Doctorate (Ph.D.).
 Its population is approximately 25,000.
 There is a mosque where the Muslim pray, situated near the local area police station.
 The transport of the Sabaila is connected with Janakpur and Kathmandu & linked with the Mahendra Rajmarg i.e. East West highway.
 There is 5 government schools and the school level up to 10th grade.
Ghansikuwa is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal.
 At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6573 people living in 1264 individual households.It is named after the place Ghanshikuwa which named after a pond made by ghasi.The famous cities of this VDC includes Kamalbari,Ghanshikuwa,Deurali,Chabdibarahi,Chirkanne and so on.The popular temple chabdi barahi is also partially located here.
Chhireshwarnath Municipality, (Nepali: छिरेश्वरनाथ ) is a municipality in Dhanusa District of the Janakpur Zone.
 The new municipality was established on 18 May 2014 by merging the existing Village Development Committees Ramdaiya, Sakhuwa Mahendranagar, Hariharpur and Digambarpur.
 Mahendranagar is a Developed city of Chhireswornath Municipality.The population of Mahendranagar is More than 10209.
 Mahendranagar act as bridge between Dhalkebar and Janakpur.
 Basically it is popular for its largest cattle market in the Nepal.
 It is assumed that 65% of cattle for e.g. buffalo, goats in Kathmandu valley are brought from here.
 It comprises very good health facility in the municipality for the Resident and its neighbouring people.It had one of the largest paper factory of Nepal named as Everest Paper Mill.Mostly Local people are employed here.There are various rice mill in the Sakhuwa Bazaar from where rice is exported to India and sent to the various parts of Nepal.The Most Famous Hidu Religious Places... Dhudmati is the largest lake of Dhanusha District and Chhireshwarnath is one of the most popular temple of God Shiva.Sakhuwabazar is famous Market of Chhireswornath Municipality.its annual income is more than 1.25 crore.Most of the people of Chhireshwornath are depended on this market.this Market is heart of Chhireswornath Municipality...
Kushak is a largest village in Palwal district of Haryana state in India.
 Kushak village is claimed by Bainsla Gujjar.
 In beginning Kushak village rule by Gokan Bainsla( a Power full Man in this village in AD 1500.
.)
.
Kushak has 9210 people living there.
 It is located on the bank of the Yamuna river.
 It is a 400-year-old village.
 Kushak have three government schools, and two private schools, There a govt ITI .
There are temple of sidda baba at bank of Yamuna river, it is a popular temple in this area,the people of kushak area come to pray to sidda baba .
 Kushak is a largest panchayat of India approx 16 village panchayat .
