The Miniature Schnauzer is a breed of small dog of the Schnauzer type that originated in Germany in the mid-to-late 19th century.
 Miniature Schnauzers developed from crosses between the Standard Schnauzer and one or more smaller breeds such as the Poodle and Affenpinscher, as farmers bred a small dog that was an efficient ratting dog.
 They are described as "spunky" but aloof dogs, with good guarding tendencies without some guard dogs' predisposition to bite.
 Miniature Schnauzers are recognized in three colors internationally: solid black, black and silver, and a color known as 'salt and pepper'.
 There is a controversial fourth color variant in Miniature Schnauzers, pure white, which is not recognized universally.
Club Atlético Zacatepec is a Mexican football team based in Zacatepec, Morelos.
 They are nicknamed "Cañeros" (Sugarcane growers).
 Their colors are white and green (from sugar and sugarcane, respectively).
 Their uniform color is a white shirt with a big green line in the middle and white shorts and socks.
 Their greatest achievements were in the 1950s when Zacatepec won two titles in First Division.
 They won their first league title in the 1954–1955 season and their second title in the 1957–1958 season.
 Zacatepec won the Copa Mexico championship in the 1958–1959 season.
Dusty the Klepto Kitty is a domestic Snowshoe cat who gained notoriety in early 2011 for his acts of "burglary."
 As of his February 2011 appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman", Dusty had stolen 16 car wash mitts, 7 sponges, 213 dish towels, 7 wash cloths, 5 towels, 18 shoes, 73 socks, 100 gloves, 1 pair of mittens, 3 aprons, 40 balls, 4 pairs of underwear, 1 dog collar, 6 rubber toys, 1 blanket, 3 leg warmers, 2 Frisbees, 1 golf club head cover, 1 safety mask, 2 mesh bags, 1 bag of water balloons, 1 pair of pajama pants, 8 bathing suits, and 8 miscellaneous objects.
The Papillon (] , ""butterfly[-eared]""), also called the Continental Toy Spaniel, is a breed of dog of the Spaniel type.
 One of the oldest of the toy spaniels, it derives its name from its characteristic butterfly-like look of the long and fringed hair on the ears, the French word for "butterfly" being "papillon".
 A Papillon with dropped ears is called a Phalène (French for "moth").
 The small head is slightly rounded between the ears with a well defined stop.
 The muzzle is somewhat short, thin tapering to the nose.
 The dark, medium-sized, round eyes have thin black rims, often extending at the junction of the eyelids towards the ears.
 The large ears can either be erect or dropped with rounded tips.
 The teeth meet in a scissors bite.
 The long tail is set high carried over the body, and covered with long, fine hair.
 Dewclaws are sometimes removed.
 The straight, long, fine, single coat has extra frill on the chest, ears, back of the legs and the tail.
 Coat color is white with patches of any color.
 A mask of a color other than white covers both ears and eyes from back to front.
Irish stepdance is a style of performance dance with its roots in traditional Irish dance.
 It is generally characterized by a stiff upper body and quick and precise movements of the feet.
 It can be performed solo or in groups.
 Aside from public dance performances, there are also stepdance competitions all over the world.
 These competitions are often called Feiseanna (singular Feis).
 In Irish dance culture, a Feis is a traditional Gaelic arts and culture festival.
 Costumes are considered important for stage presence in competition and performance Irish stepdance.
 In many cases, costumes are sold at high prices and can even be custom made.
 Males and females can both perform Irish stepdance but for the most part in today's society, the dance remains predominantly female.
 This means that the costumes are mainly dresses.
 Each dress is different, with varying colors and patterns, designed to attract the judge's eye in competitions and the audience's eye in performance.
 General appearance besides the costume is also equally important.
 Dancers would typically curl their hair before each competition.
 Many dancers invest in curled wigs that match their hair color.
 Poodle Socks are worn with the dresses and shoes.
 These are white socks that stretch to mid calf with distinctive ribbing.
Bakhmull is an Aboriginal Afghan Hound belonging to an ancient group of oriental sighthounds.
 The Afghan Royal Family were the only humans who possessed this breed.
 The bakhmull tazi (tazi means " fast running sighthound" ) is a long haired variety of sighthounds in Afghanistan.
 There are two more: Luchak tazi short haired like sloughi and Khalagh tazi with moderate long hair on ears, shoulders, elbows and thighs.Bakhmull tazi has developed in the mountain areas of Mid and Central Asia - ancient Punjab, Paunchala, "Five river land".
 This dog breed roots back presumably in the ancient Indian Harappa( Mohenjo Daro) civilization 2300 - 1700 B.C.
 If translated from Pashto (Afghan) the word "bakhmull" means "velvet" due to its incredible silky velvet, long, ivory color hair of the coat, rather abundant and long on the whole body, because it is a mountain oriental sighthound, except the "saddle", front parts of four legs and the muzzle.
 Its color is always fawn, ivory or white with a darker "saddle", thus it produces an impression of a fawn (yellowish) dog which coat color is protective khaki that matches sandstone and limestone of the Hindu Kush mountain landscape and deserts.
 Following colors are not permissible: red, red with white spots, black and black with white spots.
 Bakhmulls hunt the wild ram, ibex (wild mountain goat), hare, fox, wolf, jackal, wild big cats, in old times leopard, but never birds.
 They are also good guards; they guard homes and flocks of sheep.
 They hunt solo, in couples and rarely in packs.
 Since the 1980s the centre of Bakhmull breeding is in Russia, "The Blue Dale el Bark Bakhmull" Moscow, where they are spread all over the former Soviet Republics and various regions.
 The foundation stock was brought to Russia in the 70s by military men from Afghanistan.
 Breed Standard for tazi BAKHMULL (aboriginal Afghan Hound) was adopted in Moscow, Russia (since Russia has become the 2nd motherland of bakhmulls) first in 1985 and later after detailed elaboration in 1997 (RFOS-RKF).
Dear Socks, Dear Buddy: Kids' Letters to the First Pets is a 1998 children's book written by First Lady of the United States Hillary Rodham Clinton.
 It concerns the two pets that lived in the White House during the Clinton administration, Socks the cat and Buddy the dog.
Merle is a pattern in a dog's coat.
 "Merle" comes in different colors and patterns.
 Some have blue patches throughout and are considered blue "merle"; same with red, and chocolate, although some describe merle as only a "pattern".
 DNA testing identifies the "Merle" gene but not the variety of colors and patterns seen in the coats of the dogs with the gene.
 A dilute black (BB or Bb) dog is generally known as blue, but a dog with a merle coat does not test BB or Bb but still is a blue dilute from the "merle" gene The merle gene creates mottled patches of color in a solid or piebald coat, blue or odd-colored eyes, and can affect skin pigment as well.
 Health issues are more typical and more severe when two merles are bred together, so it is recommended that a merle be bred to a dog with a solid coat color only.
Lille Luj och Änglaljus i strumpornas hus (""Lille Luj and Änglaljus in the House of Socks"") was the Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar in 1983.
 It was directed by Staffan Westerberg.
 and features the two sock puppet characters Lillstrumpa and Syster Yster.
 A recurring theme was the phrase "Luj dog", which is "God jul" ("Merry Christmas" in Swedish) backwards.
Socks Clinton (Spring 1989 – February 20, 2009) was the pet cat of U.S. President Bill Clinton's family during his presidency.
 As an adopted stray cat, he was the only pet of the Clintons during the early years of the administration, and his likeness hosted the children's version of the White House website.
 After Clinton left office, Socks resided with former Clinton secretary Betty Currie and her husband, owing to continuing conflicts with Clinton's dog Buddy.
