EverQuest Role-Playing Game is a role-playing game based on the "EverQuest" fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG).
 The game was published by White Wolf under its Sword and Sorcery Studios imprint.
 "EverQuest Role-Playing Game" shares many things with the MMORPG, such as setting, available races and classes, monsters, spells, and items.
Falling Stars is a role-playing video game developed by Ivolgamus and published by Nordcurrent in Europe and by Agetec in North America.
 It was released on August 24, 2007 in Europe for Microsoft Windows and the PlayStation 2 and on August 26, 2008 in the United States for the PlayStation 2.
 The game is aimed at young children and was released with a price point lower than most PS2 games.
Matt James (born 1981) is an American game designer and a decorated veteran of the United States Army.
 As a game designer, James is best known for his online and print works for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game published by Wizards of the Coast, "Pathfinder" role-playing game by Paizo, and Privateer Press.
 He has also designed game content for Wolfgang Baur's Kobold Press (formerly Open Design LLC).
 In 2012 James won an ENnie Award for "" and has been nominated for several Origins Awards.
 In 2014, James won an ENnie Award for "".
Advanced d20 Magic is an alternative spellcasting system for the "Dungeons and Dragons" role-playing game and the d20 System role-playing game.
 It is published by Guardians of Order, the producers of the Big Eyes Small Mouth game and the Slayers d20 game.
 The system presents a DC-based Magic System similar to the Sovereign Stone game published by Sovereign Press.
The World of Indiana Jones is a role-playing game published by West End Games, based on the Indiana Jones franchise.
 West End Games acquired the rights to publish an Indiana Jones role-playing game ten years after the publication of TSR's "The Adventures of Indiana Jones Role-Playing Game" (1984).
Universe: The Role-Playing Game of the Future is a science fiction role-playing game published by Simulation Publications, Inc (SPI) from 1981 to 1983.
 It was praised for its innovative and tightly organized rules for such sci-fi RPG concerns as generating planets, applying character skills to in-game situations, and resolving the initial moments of alien encounters; however, it was also criticized for its cumbersome encounter/combat system and its lack of compelling background material.
 "Universe" was also noted for its "striking" Interstellar Display, a poster-sized, astronomically accurate map of all stars within 30 light-years of Earth.
Macross II: The Role-Playing Game is a role-playing game published by Palladium Books in 1993.
 Based on the "Macross II" mecha OVA and manga series, the game is structured around Palladium's Megaversal damage system.
James Bond 007: Role-Playing In Her Majesty's Secret Service is a spy fiction role-playing game based on the James Bond books and films.
 The game was designed by Gerard Christopher Klug and published by Victory Games (a branch of Avalon Hill).
 The game and its supplements were published from 1983 until 1987, when the license lapsed.
 At that time, it was the most popular espionage role-playing game.
 "James Bond 007: Role-Playing In Her Majesty's Secret Service" won an Origins Award in 1983 and a Strategists' Club Award as Outstanding Role-Playing Game in 1984.
Fading Suns is a science fiction space opera role-playing game published by Holistic Design.
 The setting was also used for a PC game ("Emperor of the Fading Suns"), a live action role-playing game ("Passion Play"), and for a space combat miniature game ("Noble Armada").
The Stormbringer fantasy role-playing game published by Chaosium puts the players in the world of the Young Kingdoms, based on the Elric of Melniboné books by Michael Moorcock.
 The game takes its name from Elric's sword, Stormbringer (though one edition was published as "Elric!")
 and uses the Basic Role-Playing game system, a percentile-dice-based system used in many role-playing games designed by Chaosium.
