The land speed record (or absolute land speed record) is the highest speed achieved by a person using a vehicle on land.
 There is no single body for validation and regulation; in practice the Category C ("Special Vehicles") flying start regulations are used, officiated by regional or national organizations under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile.
 The land speed record (LSR) is standardized as the speed over a course of fixed length, averaged over two runs (commonly called "passes").
 Two runs are required in opposite directions within one hour, and a new record mark must exceed the previous one by at least one percent to be validated.
The Budweiser Rocket was an American 3-wheeled land vehicle, generally resembling the 1970-era "Blue Flame" land speed record holding vehicle in appearance, powered by a hybrid liquid and solid-fuel rocket engine with an extra booster from a Sidewinder missile, that has been claimed as being the first vehicle to have broken the sound barrier on land.
 The original forerunner to the vehicle was the "SMI Motivator" which was damaged badly enough to require a replacement, which in time was called the "Budweiser Rocket".
Ernest Arthur Douglas Eldridge (18 July 1897 – 27 October 1937) was a British racing car driver who broke the world land speed record in 1924.
 His was the last land speed record set on an open road.
Bluebird Mach 1.1 (CMN-8) was a design for a rocket-powered supersonic land speed record car, planned by Donald Campbell but thwarted by his subsequent death during a water speed record attempt in "Bluebird K7" in early 1967.
Sir Henry O'Neil de Hane Segrave (22 September 1896 – 13 June 1930) was an early British pioneer in land speed and water speed records. Seagrave, who set three land and one water record, was the first person to hold both titles simultaneously and the first person to travel at over 200 mph in a land vehicle.
 He died in an accident in 1930 shortly after setting a new world water speed record on Windermere in the Lake District, England.
 The Segrave Trophy was established to commemorate his life.
Bloodhound SSC is a British supersonic land vehicle currently in development.
 Its goal is to match or exceed 1000 mph achieving a new world land speed record.
 The pencil-shaped car, powered by a jet engine and a rocket engine is designed to reach 1050 mph .
 It is being developed and built with the intention of breaking the land speed record by 33%, the largest ever margin.
Stan Barrett (born June 26, 1943) is a Hollywood stuntman, stunt coordinator and actor.
 His biggest act was however outside the movie world.
 On December 17, 1979, he attempted to break the Land Speed Record, and the sound barrier in the Budweiser Rocket rocket-powered three-wheel vehicle.
 His calculated speed was 739.666 miles per hour, (Mach 1.01), which would have made Barrett the first man to break the sound barrier in a land vehicle.
 The attempt was surrounded by controversy and the speed was never officially recorded.
 Barrett also raced in 19 Winston Cup Series races between 1980 and 1990, posting two top ten finishes.
The Bluebird-Proteus CN7 is a gas turbine-powered vehicle that was driven by Donald Campbell and achieved the world land speed record on Lake Eyre in Australia on 17 July 1964.
 The vehicle set the FIA world record for the flying mile at 403.10 mph .
Arthur Eugene "Art" Arfons (February 3, 1926 – December 3, 2007) was the world land speed record holder three times from 1964 to 1965 with his "Green Monster" series of jet-powered cars, after a series of "Green Monster" piston-engine and jet-engined dragsters.
 He subsequently went on to field a succession of "Green Monster" turbine-engined pulling tractors, before returning to land speed record racing.
 He was announced as a 2008 inductee in the International Motorsports Hall of Fame three days after his death.
Golden Arrow was a land speed record racer built in Britain to regain the world land speed record from USA.
 Henry Segrave drove the car at Daytona Beach and exceeded the previous record by 24 mph or 39 km/h.
