Eleven to Fly is the second studio album by British electronic music group Tin Tin Out.
 The album includes singles such as "Here's Where the Story Ends" with Shelly Nelson, peaking at number 7 in the UK Singles Chart in early 1998, and "What I Am" featuring Emma Bunton from the Spice Girls, which peaked at number two in the UK Singles Chart in 1999.
The Spice Girls were an English girl group that consisted of Mel B, Emma Bunton, Geri Halliwell, Victoria Beckham and Melanie C.
"Maybe" is a song recorded by English singer Emma Bunton for her second studio album, "Free Me" (2004).
 Written by Bunton herself and Yak Bondy, and produced by Mike Peden, it was released as the second single from the album on 13 October 2003 by Polydor Records.
 It enjoyed moderate success, entering the top forty on various record charts.
 The song contains lounge/bossa influences, and the music video was inspired by the style of Sweet Charity's "Rich Man's Frug".
 Bunton performed an edit of the song as her solo performance on the Return of the Spice Girls tour.
The Spice Girls were an English pop girl group formed in 1994.
 The group originally consisted of Melanie Brown ("Scary Spice"), Melanie Chisholm ("Sporty Spice"), Emma Bunton ("Baby Spice"), Geri Halliwell ("Ginger Spice"), and Victoria Beckham, née Adams ("Posh Spice").
 They were signed to Virgin Records and released their debut single "Wannabe" in 1996, which hit number one in 37 countries and established them as a global phenomenon.
 Their debut album "Spice" sold more than 31 million copies worldwide, becoming the best-selling album by a female group in history.
 Their follow-up album "Spiceworld" sold over 20 million copies worldwide.
 The Spice Girls have sold 85 million records worldwide, making them the best-selling female group of all time, one of the best-selling pop groups of all time, and the biggest British pop phenomenon since Beatlemania.
 Among the highest profile acts in 1990s British popular culture, "Time" called them "arguably the most recognisable face" of Cool Britannia, the mid-1990s celebration of youth culture in the UK.
English girl group Spice Girls has released three studio albums, one compilation album, 11 singles and 18 music videos. Formed in 1994, the group was made up of singers Victoria Beckham ("Posh Spice"), Geri Halliwell ("Ginger Spice"), Emma Bunton ("Baby Spice"), Melanie Brown ("Scary Spice") and Melanie Chisholm ("Sporty Spice").
Emma Lee Bunton (born 21 January 1976) is an English singer, songwriter, actress, and radio and television presenter.
 She is best known as a member of the girl group the Spice Girls formed in the 1990s, and in which Bunton was nicknamed Baby Spice.
 In 2009, she began as a radio presenter on the Heart Breakfast show in London with Jamie Theakston and presenting her own show on Saturday between 5 and 7 p.m.
"Lift Me Up" is a song by English singer-songwriter Geri Halliwell.
 It was released on 1 November 1999 as the third single from Halliwell's debut solo album "Schizophonic".
 It debuted and peaked at number-one in the UK Singles Chart, winning the chart battle against fellow Spice Girls member Emma Bunton's "What I Am" by 33,000 copies.
 The music video was directed by Howard Greenhalgh and filmed in October 1999 in Málaga, Spain.
 To promote the single, Halliwell performed the song on "Top of the Pops", "Pepsi Chart", "Musica Si" and "National Lottery".
In Real Life is an American boy band composed of Brady Tutton, Chance Perez, Drew Ramos, Sergio Calderon, and Michael Conor, the final five vocalists from the American reality television music competition series "Boy Band."
 The show premiered June 22, 2017 on ABC with hostess Rita Ora, and "architects" Backstreet Boys' Nick Carter, the Spice Girls' Emma Bunton and Timbaland.
A Girl Like Me is the debut solo album by English recording artist Emma Bunton It was released by Virgin Records in the United Kingdom on 16 April 2001.
 Following the release of the Spice Girls' third studio album, "Forever" (2000), the group announced that they were beginning an indefinite hiatus and would be concentrating on their solo careers in regards to their foreseeable future.
 Recording sessions for Bunton's first solo album took place from July 1999 to October 2000 at several recording studios.
The Spice Girls were an English pop girl group that first came to international prominence with the release of their chart-topping debut single "Wannabe" in 1996.
 In 1997, the band became involved in an unprecedented marketing phenomenon, leading to a prolific number of Spice Girls merchandise and sponsorship deals.
 With the official Spice Girls branding on hundreds of different products, they became the most merchandised group in music history.
 The Spice Girls brand reportedly produced over £300 million worldwide through merchandise in 1997.
 Globally, the group's total grosses were estimated to have been $500–800 million by May 1998.
