Maestro Armando Manuel Aurelio Ortega Carrillo was Director of Coro de la Escuela Secundaria y de Bachilleres de Orizaba (ESBO).
 His maternal great grandfather was the philanthropist Don Manuel Carrillo Tablas, who served as mayor of Orizaba, Veracruz, Mexico many times.
 His maternal grandfather (Manuel Carrillo Iturriaga) was also a member of the Mexican Legislature at the turn of the 20th century.
 His paternal grandfather was the illustrious Professor Don Aurelio Ortega y Placeres, considered one of the most brilliant educators of public instruction the state of Veracuz, Mexico produced.
 His father was the renowned poet and educator, Professor Don Aurelio Ortega Castañeda, who baptized the city of Orizaba with the title of "Nuestra Señora de los Puentes"("Our Lady of the bridges").
Teïspes (from Greek Τεΐσπης ; in Old Persian: 𐎨𐎡𐏁𐎱𐎡𐏁 "Cišpiš") ruled <a href="Anshan%20%28Persia%29">Anshann 675–640 BCE.
 He was the son of Achaemenes of Persis and an ancestor of Cyrus the Great.
 There is evidence that Cyrus I and Ariaramnes were both his sons.
 Cyrus I is the grandfather of Cyrus the Great, whereas Ariaramnes is great grandfather of Darius the Great.
 According to 7th-century BC documents, he captured the Elamite city of Anshan, speculated to have occurred after the Persians were freed from Median supremacy, and expanded his small kingdom.
 His kingdom was, however, a vassal state of the Neo Assyrian Empire (911–605 BCE).
 He was succeeded by his second son, Cyrus I.
Ingerman (Ingram, Enguerrand) (c. 750-818), was a Frankish noble and Count of Hesbaye, son of Sigram of Hesbaye, a grandson of Sigramnus, Count of Hesbaye (a contemporary and ally of Charlemanges grandfather Charles Martel) and so a great-grandson of Lambert of Hesbaye, a man whose other daughter was Charlemanges grandmother, Rotrude of Triar.
 Therefore he was second cousins with Charlemagne through the same Great Grandfather.
 He was related by marriage to Robert II, Count of Hesbaye, who was grandfather of Robert the Strong.
 He was also nephew of Chrodegang, Archbishop of Metz and first abbot of the Lorsch Abbey.
Franklin Seaver Pratt (November 1, 1829 – January 11, 1894), also known as Franklyn or Frank S. Pratt, was an American settler, businessman, public servant and diplomat of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
 He married Elizabeth Kekaʻaniau Laʻanui, a member of the Hawaiian nobility, and defended her claims to the Hawaiian crown lands during the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
The Al-Fakhroh Tribe , (Arabic: آل فخروه‎ ‎ ; also spelled Al-Fakhroo) attributing to their great grandfather Fakher from Banu Tamim.
 The name Fakhroh came from their great grandfather Fakher whose son of Tamim bin Mor bin Ad bin Muder bin Adnan which is considered as a very ancient Arab tribe dwelled by people from the midst of the Arabian Peninsula.
Sir John Nigel Loring {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (1896–1979) was an Apothecary to British Royalty.
 The son of Nele and Mabel Alice (Isaac) Loring, he was born 31 August 1896.
 He was a seventh great grandson to New England immigrant Thomas Loring.
 His great great grandfather Joshua Loring had been a United Empire Loyalist and from his great great grandfather's generation this branch of the family returned to the British Isles.
James 'Kipton' Cronkite (born April 22, 1971) is an American socialite, entrepreneur,curator, and expert in the arts.
 Cronkite has projects in New York City and Miami.
 Cronkite has ancestral roots to early settlers of New Amsterdam (now New York City) in 1620.
 Herck Siboutsen was a ship carpenter and married Wyntie Teunis in 1642 New Amsterdam.
 Kipton Cronkite is the thirteenth generation from the immigrant Herck Siboutsen, the progenitor of the American Cronkhite family.
 Herck arrived in New Netherland before 1642 when he married Wyntie Teunis in the Reformed Dutch Church in Manhattan.
 Herck was from Langedyck, Friesland, the Netherlands.
 Kipton is a fifth cousin, twice removed to his cousin Walter Cronkite, the famous news reporter.
 They share a (many times great) grandfather, Jacob Cronkhite, who married Ann Ferguson in 1755.
 Jacob was of the fifth generation from Herck Siboutsen.
 Jacob and Ann had eight children including siblings Jacob (Walter’s line) and Anna (Kipton’s line).
 Jacob was Walter’s 3rd great grandfather; Anna is Kipton’s 5th great grandmother.
 Walter is Generation 11; Kipton is Generation 13.
Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk (1443 – 21 May 1524), styled Earl of Surrey from 1483 to 1485 and again from 1489 to 1514, was an English nobleman and politician.
 He was the only son of John Howard, 1st Duke of Norfolk, by his first wife, Katherine Moleyns.
 The Duke was the grandfather of both Queen Anne Boleyn and Queen Catherine Howard and the great grandfather of Queen Elizabeth I.
 He served four monarchs as a soldier and statesman.
Prachetasa is considered to be one of the most mysterious figures of Hindu mythology.
 It is an epithet for Varuna the god of water and its principle and as such are related to ‘shatabhoisag’ asterism.
 According to the puranas Prachetasa was one of the 10 Prajapatis who were ancient sages and law gives.
 But there is also a reference to 10 Prachetas who were sons of Prachinabarthis and great grandsons of Prithu.
 It is said that they lived for 10,000 years in a great ocean, very deeply engaged in meditation upon Vishnu and obtained from Him the boon of becoming the progenitors of mankind.
 They married a girl named Manisha, a daughter of Kanclu .
 Daksha was their son.
 But according to another version it is said that Prajapathi Daksha an ancient sage and contemporary of Lord Shiva, gave his 27 daughters in marriage to Soma ( Chandra).
 Soma was born from Marichi.
 But it is also said that Daksha was also the son of a woman called Marichi.
 Marichi is again referred to as the mother of Daksha.
 Thus it appears that Prachetasas were Daksha’s fathers as well as Daksha’s great grandsons.
 This confusion arises in Hindu families essentially because children are often named after their grandfather or great grandfather.
On December 26, 2006, Gerald Ford, the 38th President of the United States, died at his home in Rancho Mirage, California at 6:45 p.m. local time (02:45, December 27, UTC).
 At 8:49 p.m. local time, President Ford's wife of 58 years, Betty Ford, issued a statement that confirmed his death: "My family joins me in sharing the difficult news that Gerald Ford, our beloved husband, father, grandfather and great grandfather has died at 93 years of age.
 His life was filled with love of God, his family and his country."
 The causes of death listed on the subsequent death certificate were arteriosclerotic cerebrovascular disease and cardiac arrest.
