The Even Dozen Jug Band was founded in 1963 by Stefan Grossman (solo country blues and ragtime guitarist) and Peter Siegel (roots-based guitarist and producer) in New York City, New York.
 Other members were David Grisman (a noted mandolinist), Steve Katz (later with Blues Project and Blood, Sweat and Tears), Maria Muldaur (then Maria D'Amato), Joshua Rifkin (arranger of Scott Joplin Ragtime compositions,), and John Sebastian (later with the Lovin' Spoonful).
Stephen John Hunter (born June 14, 1948) is an American guitarist, primarily a session player best known for his collaborations with Lou Reed and Alice Cooper.
 He has been often called "The Deacon".
 Hunter first played with Mitch Ryder's Detroit, beginning a long association with record producer Bob Ezrin who has said Steve Hunter has contributed so much to rock music in general that he truly deserves the designation of "Guitar Hero".
 Steve Hunter has played some of the greatest riffs in rock history - that first slamming solo that rings in Aerosmith's "Train Kept A Rollin'", the acoustic intro on Peter Gabriel's "Solsbury Hill" and he wrote the legendary intro interlude that made Lou Reed's live version of "Sweet Jane" a first gold record (the "Rock 'N' Roll Animal" live set).
The Manhattan Blues Project is the fifth studio album by guitarist Steve Hunter.
 Released in 2013, the blues guitar album features instrumental interpretations of New York City.
 It is particularly notable for its all-star lineup of guest musicians: Phil Aaberg, 2Cellos, actor/musician Johnny Depp, Marty Friedman, Michael Lee Firkins, Tommy Henriksen, Tony Levin, Joe Perry, and Joe Satriani.
Todd Rundgren's Johnson is Todd Rundgren's tribute album for blues musician Robert Johnson, released April 12, 2011, for Johnson's 100th birthday.
 Todd started out playing guitar professionally in a blues garage band called Woody's Truck Stop, around 1966, where he was heavily inspired by and performed blues songs by Paul Butterfield Blues Band, the Blues Project, and music by original Chess blues artists and British blues-rock groups like the Yardbirds.
Matt McMahon is an Australian jazz pianist and composer.
 Winning the 'Wangaratta National Jazz Piano Award' in 1999, and the 'Freedman Jazz Fellowship' in 2005 established his place in Australian jazz.
 In 2010 his trio supported the Wayne Shorter Quartet at Sydney Opera House.
 Additionally he has played or recorded with many known jazz artists including Dale Barlow, Greg Osby, Phil Slater, Joseph Tawadros, Katie Noonan, Dave Panichi and Steve Hunter.
Saturday Night Blues is a compilation album of recordings by Canadian blues performers, released by Stony Plain Records and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in 1991.
 Subtitled "The Great Canadian Blues Project, Volume 1", the album is significant as one of the early compilations of the work of Canadian blues artists.
 The album won the 1992 Juno Award for Best Roots and Traditional Album of the Year.
The British Blues Quintet is a British band formed in 2006 by five musicians, known for their interpretations of blues music.
 The line-up includes the keyboardist and singer Zoot Money, drummer Colin Allen, vocalist Maggie Bell, bassist Colin Hodgkinson and German guitarist Frank Diez.
 They recorded a live album, "Live in Glasgow (Recorded at The Ferry)" (2007).
 As a result of differences due to the participation of some band members in Jon Lord's Blues Project Colin Allen disbanded The British Blues Quintet in 2013.
Detroit (a.k.a.
 The Band Detroit, so as not to be confused with the city of Detroit) was a spinoff of rock group The Detroit Wheels.
 This revised version of that band was formed by Mitch Ryder as a successor to The Wheels in 1970.
 The only original Wheel in the group was the drummer Johnny "Bee" Badanjek; other members were guitarists Steve Hunter and Brett Tuggle, organist Harry Phillips and bassist W.R. Cooke.
 A single album was released by this grouping, a 1971 self-titled LP issued on Paramount Records (US #176 in 1972).
 They had a hit with their version of the Lou Reed - penned song "Rock & Roll", which Reed liked enough to ask Steve Hunter to join his backing band.
 Ryder quit the group because of voice problems in 1972, and Detroit vocalist Rusty Day (formerly of the American Amboy Dukes and Cactus) took over his spot; without Ryder, the group floundered, and eventually broke up in 1974.
Eric Woolfson sings The Alan Parsons Project That Never Was is an album by the progressive rock musician Eric Woolfson, co-creator with Alan Parsons of The Alan Parsons Project, as well as main songwriter and manager of the band.
 Released in 2009, this was Woolfson's final album before he died of cancer in December of that year.
 The album includes songs that remained unreleased since the Project time for various reasons; however, as Woolfson himself remarks in the booklet, Parsons' dislike for some of Woolfson's compositions would have often caused them to be excluded from a Project album in its very early stages - such as, for example, "Steal Your Heart Away", an "unashamedly commercial" song with a conventionally sentimental lyric, which Parsons, in Woolfson's words, would have absolutely detested.
 "Somewhere in the Audience" and "Immortal" are slightly re-arranged and re-recorded versions of two of Woolfson's demos for his 2003 musical about Edgar Allan Poe; the final versions of these songs, sung by the musical's protagonist Steve Balsamo, are featured on the album "".
 "Train to Wuxi" was the original version of "Train to Freedom", which is also included (with different lyrics) in the Poe musical and features Woolfson's one and only guitar solo.
Deconstruction is the thirteenth studio album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend, and the third album in the Devin Townsend Project series.
 The album was released on June 20, 2011, simultaneously with the fourth Devin Townsend Project album "Ghost", on Townsend's independent record label HevyDevy Records.
 The album features two drummers, Dirk Verbeuren and Ryan Van Poederooyen, as well as a number of guest vocalists.
 The album's choral and orchestral parts were written and arranged by Townsend using Pro Tools software.
 The parts were later transcribed into conventional musical notation for the orchestra.
