The Dow Chemical Company, commonly referred to as Dow, was an American multinational chemical corporation headquartered in Midland, Michigan, United States, and the predecessor of the merged company DowDuPont.
 In 2007, it was the second-largest chemical manufacturer in the world by revenue (after BASF) and as of February 2009, the third-largest chemical company in the world by market capitalization (after BASF and DuPont).
 It ranked second in the world by chemical production in 2014.
The Enlist Weed Control System is an agricultural system that includes seeds for genetically modified crops that are resistant to Enlist (a broadleaf herbicide with two active agents, 2,4-Dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) and glyphosate) and the Enlist herbicide; spraying the herbicide will kill weeds but not the resulting crop.
 The system was developed by Dow AgroSciences, part of Dow Chemical Company.
 In October 2014 the system was registered for restricted use in Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Ohio, South Dakota and Wisconsin by the US Environmental Protection Agency.
 In 2013, the system was approved by Canada for the same uses.
The Alden B. Dow Office and Lake Jackson City Hall is a historic, single-story, wood-frame commercial building in Lake Jackson, Texas, located near Freeport.
 Built in 1943, it was designed by noted Michigan architect Alden B. Dow in Modern Movement architectural style.
 The structure was designed as part of a company town of Dow Chemical Company and served as Alden Dow's local office during the development of Lake Jackson.
 Alden Dow, sometimes called the "Father of Lake Jackson" laid out the plan for the city's streets and designed all of the city's initial buildings, plus six models for varied styles of residences.
 Dow was the son of the Dow Chemical Company's founder, Herbert Henry Dow.
 In a May 1944 publication issued by Dow Chemical Company, the Alden B. Dow Office and Lake Jackson City Hall were described as follows:
Bates v. Dow Agrosciences LLC, 544 U.S. 431 (2005), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) did not preempt state law claims, brought by a group of Texas farmers, alleging that one of Dow's pesticides damaged their peanut crop.
SemBioSys Genetics Inc. was a development stage agricultural biotechnology company.
 It utilized its patented safflower pharming platform to develop and make proteins and oils for the nutraceutical, functional food and beverage, and pharmaceutical industries.
 A University of Calgary spin-off (1994), SemBioSys became a publicly traded firm.
 Investors had included Bay City Capital, the Business Development Bank of Canada, Dow AgroSciences (a Canadian subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company), Royal Bank Ventures Inc. (now RBC Capital Partners), the University of Calgary, Ventures West Capital Ltd., and Dr. Maurice Moloney.
 In May 2012, SemBioSys terminated its operations.
The Sentricon Termite Colony Elimination System is a subterranean termite pest control product developed and manufactured by Dow AgroSciences.
 It was introduced in 1995 as a termite baiting system and an alternative to liquid termiticide soil barriers.
 It eliminates all members of the termite colony, including those of the Formosan subterranean termite colonies.
CropLife International is an international trade association of agrobusiness companies founded in 2001.
 It was previously known as "Global Crop Protection Federation" and started out as "International Group of National Associations of Manufacturers of Agrochemical Products" in 1967.
 Its members include the world's largest agricultural biotechnology and agricultural pesticide businesses namely BASF, Bayer CropScience, Dow AgroSciences, DuPont, FMC Corp., Monsanto, Sumitomo and Syngenta.
GMO Answers launched by the agricultural biotechnology industry in July 2013 to answer consumers’ questions about genetically modified organisms (GMOs) in crops in the U.S. food supply.
 GMO Answers was created in part to respond to public concern about the safety of GMOs.
 GMO Answers “expert resources” include conventional and organic farmers, agribusiness experts, scientists, academics, medical doctors and nutritionists, and “company experts” from founding members of the Council for Biotechnology Information, which funds the initiative.
 Founding members include BASF, Bayer CropScience, Dow AgroSciences, DuPont, Monsanto Company and Syngenta.
Tebuthiuron is a nonselective broad spectrum herbicide of the urea class.
 It is used in a number of herbicides manufactured by Dow AgroSciences, and is sold under several trade names, depending on the formulation.
 It is used to control weeds, woody and herbaceous plants, and sugar cane.
 It is absorbed by the roots and transported to the leaves, where it inhibits photosynthesis.
Dow AgroSciences LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Dow Chemical Company specializing in not only agricultural chemicals such as pesticides, but also seeds and biotechnology solutions.
 The company is based in Indianapolis, Indiana, in the United States.
 On 31 January 2006, Dow AgroSciences announced that it had received regulatory approval for the world's first plant-cell-produced vaccine against Newcastle disease virus from USDA Center for Veterinary Biologics.
 Dow AgroSciences operates brand names such as Sentricon, Vikane, Mycogen®, SmartStax®, Enlist™, Pfister Seed®, PhytoGen®, Prairie Brand Seed®, Alforex Seeds®, Profume, Dairyland Seed®, and Brodbeck Seed®.
