The 1984–85 Yorkshire Cup was the seventy-seventh occasion on which the Yorkshire Cup competition had been held.
 This season there were no junior/amateur clubs taking part, no new entants and no "leavers" and so the total of entries remained the same at thirteen.
 This in turn resulted in three byes in the first round.
 In this year's final, Hull F.C. beat close neighbours and fierce rivals Hull Kingston Rovers by the score of 29-12.
 The match was played at Boothferry Park, Kingston upon Hull.
 The city was formally in the East Riding of Yorkshire, followed by Humberside and is now (back) in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire (albeit that the word "Riding" means "a third part" and there is now only one !)
.
 It was moved to this stadium from the provisionally reserved venue due to the interest showed by fans and after requests by both finalists, and the organisers were rewarded with a crowd of 25,237 and gate receipts more than doubled from last year's £33,572 to £68,639.
 This is only the third meeting of these two clubs in the Yorkshire Cup final, on the two previous occasions Hull Kingston Rovers defeated Hull F.C., in 1920-21 by 2-0 and 1967 by 8-7; this time it was revenge and by a wider margin.
 This is the third successive Yorkshire Cup final victory for Hull F.C. And the first of two successive Final appearances by Hull Kingston Rovers
Cilgerran Castle (Welsh: "Castell Cilgerran" ) is a 13th-century ruined castle located in Cilgerran, Pembrokeshire, Wales, near Cardigan.
 The first castle on the site was thought to be built by Gerald of Windsor around 1110–1115, and it changed hands several times over the following century between English and Welsh forces.
 In the hands of William Marshal, 2nd Earl of Pembroke, the construction of the stone castle began after 1223.
 After passing through successive families, it was left to ruin and eventually abandoned by 1400.
 The castle backs onto a cliff face, with the remaining ruins dating from the 13th century.
 It was most heavily fortified where it faces inland, and includes a pair of drum towers rather than a central keep which remain.
 It passed into the hands of the National Trust in 1938, who open it to the public.
Rowallan Castle is an ancient castle located near Kilmaurs, about 5 km north of Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland.
 The castle stands on the banks of the Carmel Water, which may at one time have run much closer to the low eminence upon which the original castle stood, justifying the old name Craig of Rowallan.
 Elizabeth Mure (died before May 1355) was mistress and then wife of Robert, High Steward of Scotland, and Guardian of Scotland (1338–1341 and from October 1346), who later became King Robert II of Scotland.
 She may have been born at Rowallan.
The Corocoro United Copper Mines, Ltd. was the largest copper mine in Bolivia, an honor previously held by Compania Corocoro de Bolivia.
 The corporate office was at 151 Finsbury Pavement House, London, England, while the mine office was at Coro Coro, Bolivia.
 It was organized August 6, 1909 under the laws of Great Britain.
 The lands included 515 claims in the Coro Coro district.
 The principal mines were the Wisk'achani, formerly owned by J. K. Child & Co., Ltd.; the Santa Rosa, formerly owned by Carreras Hermanos; and the Guallatiri, formerly owned by the Succession Noel Berthin.
 The mines were opened on two successive conglomerate strata of different geological horizons, and similar only in their origin and cupriferous nature.
 The mines are believed to have been worked by the Incas.
 The nearest water supply was the Rio Desaguadero, 14 miles away, down which the copper was shipped by way of Puerto de Desaguadero, and from there to Mollendo, Chile, for export to Europe.
Garter stall plates are small enamelled brass plates located in St George's Chapel displaying the names and arms of the Knights of the Garter.
 Each knight is allotted a stall in St George's Chapel and the stall plate is affixed to his personal stall.
 His successor knight in that stall adds his own stall plate and thus a fairly complete series of stall plates survives for the successive occupants of each stall.
 Many other ancient European Orders of Chivalry use similar stall plates in the home church or other building of their order.
Chartchai Chionoi (Thai: ชาติชาย เชี่ยวน้อย ; rtgs: "Chatchai Chiao-noi" ) Chartchai Laemfapha (Thai: ชาติชาย แหลมฟ้าผ่า ; rtgs: "Chatchai Laemfapha" ) or birth name Naris Chionoi (Thai: นริศ เชี่ยวน้อย ; rtgs: "Narit Chiao-noi" ; born October 10, 1942 near Hua Lamphong Station, Pathum Wan District, Bangkok) is a former professional Thai boxer, WBC World champion & WBA World champion in the flyweight division.
 Chionoi would take the WBC World Flyweight Title two successive times and the WBA Title one successive times before finally relinquishing it.
West Bromwich Manor House, Hall Green Road, West Bromwich, B71 2EA, is an important, Grade I listed, medieval domestic building built by the de Marnham family in the late thirteenth century as the centre of their agricultural estate in West Bromwich.
 Only the Great Hall survives of the original complex of living quarters, agricultural barns, sheds and ponds.
 Successive occupants modernised and extended the manor house until it was described in 1790 as “a large pile of irregular half-timbered buildings, black and white, and surrounded with numerous out-houses and lofty walls.”
 The building was saved from demolition in the 1950s by West Bromwich Corporation which carried out an extensive and sympathetic restoration of this nationally important building.
Raglan Castle (Welsh: "Castell Rhaglan" ) is a late medieval castle located just north of the village of Raglan in the county of Monmouthshire in south east Wales.
 The modern castle dates from between the 15th and early 17th-centuries, when the successive ruling families of the Herberts and the Somersets created a luxurious, fortified castle, complete with a large hexagonal keep, known as the Great Tower or the Yellow Tower of Gwent.
 Surrounded by parkland, water gardens and terraces, the castle was considered by contemporaries to be the equal of any other in England or Wales.
 During the English Civil War the castle was held on behalf of Charles I and was taken by Parliamentary forces in 1646.
 In the aftermath, the castle was slighted, or deliberately put beyond military use; after the restoration of Charles II, the Somersets declined to restore the castle.
 Raglan Castle became first a source of local building materials, then a romantic ruin, and is now a modern tourist attraction.
A couplet is a pair of successive lines of metre in poetry.
 A couplet usually consists of two successive lines that rhyme and have the same metre.
 A couplet may be formal (closed) or run-on (open).
 In a formal (or closed) couplet, each of the two lines is end-stopped, implying that there is a grammatical pause at the end of a line of verse.
 In a run-on (or open) couplet, the meaning of the first line continues to the second.
The 1891 Open Championship was the 31st Open Championship, held 6 October at the Old Course at St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.
 Hugh Kirkaldy won by two strokes from his brother Andrew Kirkaldy and Willie Fernie.
 This was the last Open Championship contested in a single day over 36 holes.
 The 1892 Open was contested over 72 holes played on two successive days.
