Oryctodromeus (meaning "digging runner") was a genus of small ornithopod dinosaur.
 Fossils are known from the middle Cretaceous Blackleaf Formation of southwestern Montana and the Wayan Formation of southeastern Idaho, USA, both of the Cenomanian stage, roughly 95 million years ago.
 A member of the small, presumably fast-running herbivorous family Thescelosauridae, "Oryctodromeus" is the first dinosaur published that shows evidence of burrowing behavior.
Dakotadon is a genus of iguanodont dinosaur from the Barremian-age Lower Cretaceous Lakota Formation of South Dakota, USA, known from a partial skull.
 It was first described in 1989 as "Iguanodon lakotaensis", by David B. Weishampel and Philip R. Bjork.
 Its assignment has been controversial.
 Some researchers suggest that ""I." lakotaensis" was more basal than "I. bernissartensis", and related to "Theiophytalia", but David Norman has suggested that it was a synonym of "I. bernissartensis".
 Gregory S. Paul, working on a revision of iguanodont species, gave "I." "lakotaensis" its own genus ("Dakotadon") in 2008.
"Cinizasaurus" is an informal name for fossilized remains from the Late Triassic of New Mexico that were initially interpreted as belonging to a theropod dinosaur.
 The remains, NMMNH P-18400, consist of a tibia, vertebrae, and fragments, and came from the ?
late Carnian-age Upper Triassic Bluewater Creek Member of the Chinle Formation, near Fort Wingate.
 Andrew Heckert, in his unpublished thesis, proposed the name "Cinizasaurus hunti" for the specimen, but the name was never adopted, and was first referred to in the scientific literature in a 2007 redescription of Late Triassic North American material thought to belong to dinosaurs (Nesbitt, Irmis, and Parker, 2007).
 In the redescription, the authors could only assign the material to Archosauriformes.
Supersaurus (meaning "super lizard") is a genus of diplodocid sauropod dinosaur first discovered by Vivian Jones of Delta, Colorado, in late Jurassic period rocks of the middle Morrison Formation of Colorado in 1972, and later in Portugal under the name "S. lourinhanensis".
 The fossil remains came from the Brushy Basin Member of the formation, dating to about 153 million years ago.
Fruitadens is a genus of heterodontosaurid dinosaur.
 The name means "Fruita tooth", in reference to Fruita, Colorado (USA), where its fossils were first found.
 It is known from partial skulls and skeletons from at least four individuals of differing biological ages, found in Tithonian (Late Jurassic) rocks of the Morrison Formation in Colorado.
 "Fruitadens" is the smallest known ornithischian dinosaur, with young adults estimated at 65 to in length and 0.5 to in weight.
 It is interpreted as an omnivore and represents one of the latest-surviving heterodontosaurids.
The Compound is a 2008 young adult novel by S. A. Bodeen.
 The book was first released on April 29, 2008 through Feiwel & Friends and centers upon a young boy named Eli who has been living in a compound for six years.
 Bodeen came up with the idea of including cannibalism in the novel after watching a television show where "a dinosaur fed a favorite offspring the bodies of its less fortunate brothers and sisters."
"Cryptoraptor" (meaning "secret thief") is an informal name for fossilized remains from the Late Triassic of New Mexico that were initially interpreted as belonging to a dinosaur.
 The remains, NMMNH P-17375, consist of a fragmentary skeleton including vertebrae, a pubis, and parts of the thigh bones.
 This specimen came from the Norian-age Upper Triassic Bull Canyon Formation in Quay County.
 Adrian Hunt, in his unpublished dissertation, proposed the name "Cryptoraptor lockleyi" for the specimen, but the name was never adopted, and was first referred to in the scientific literature in a 2007 redescription of Late Triassic North American material thought to belong to dinosaurs (Nesbitt, Irmis, and Parker, 2007).
 In the redescription, the authors could only assign the material to Archosauria.
"Comanchesaurus" is an informal name for fossilized remains from the Late Triassic of New Mexico that were initially interpreted as belonging to a theropod dinosaur.
 The remains, NMMNH P-4569, consist of a partial skeleton including vertebral centra and hindlimb bones, and came from the Norian-age Upper Triassic Bull Canyon Formation of Guadalupe County.
 Adrian Hunt, in his unpublished dissertation, proposed the name "Comanchesaurus kuesi" for the specimen, but the name was never adopted, and was first referred to in the scientific literature in a 2007 redescription of Late Triassic North American material thought to belong to dinosaurs (Nesbitt, Irmis, and Parker, 2007).
 In the redescription, the authors found the material to belong to a "possible indeterminate saurischian".
Sphaerotholus is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of the western United States and Canada.
 To date, three species have been described: the type species, "S. goodwini", from the Den-na-zin Member of the Kirtland Formation (Late Campanian) of San Juan County, New Mexico, USA; "S. buchholtzae", from the Hell Creek Formation (Late Maastrichtian) of western Carter County, Montana, USA; and "S. edmontonense", from the Horseshoe Canyon Formation of Alberta, Canada.
 The etymology of "Sphaerotholus" is a combination of the Greek "sphaira", meaning "ball", and "tholos", meaning "dome", and is a reference to the characteristically dome-shaped pachycephalosaurian skull.
 The survival of "Sphaerotholus" from the Campanian of New Mexico to the end of the Maastrichtian of Montana demonstrates that this taxon had both a relatively long duration (approximately 7-8 million years) and a widespread distribution.
 Williamson and Carr, who first described the genus in 2002, diagnose it as follows: "Differs from all other pachycephalosaurids where known in the possession of a parietosquamosal bar that decreases in depth laterally as seen in caudal view and is bordered by a single row of nodes and one lateroventral corner node."
 "Sphaerotholus" is considered a highly derived pachycephalosaur.
Mark Thomas Ciardi (born August 19, 1961; pronounced CHAR-dee) is an American film producer and former Major League Baseball pitcher.
 He is currently the Founder & CEO of Apex Entertainment.
 Mark has a rich breadth of experience as a Film Executive, and Producer.
 Apex Entertainment is an independent content production firm that also serves as a financier for media properties.
 Prior to Apex, Mark was the co-founder of Mayhem Pictures that had an overall first look deal with Walt Disney Studios for twelve years.
 At Mayhem, Ciardi produced films including "The Rookie", "Miracle", Invincible, The Game Plan, Secretariat, and Million Dollar Arm and Kevin Costner's McFarland USA.
 Awaiting release is the worldwide best-selling novel, Fallen.
 He also produced the Emmy Award winning, ESPN 30 for 30 documentary titled "Big Shot".
