Sarah Renee De Bono (born March 6, 1992) is an Australian singer-songwriter and pianist, born and raised in Melbourne.
 She participated on the first season of "The Voice" (Australia), coming in fourth place.
 Shortly after she signed a record deal with Universal Music Australia.
 On 24 June 2012, De Bono scored her first top 10 hit with "Beautiful", co-written and produced by Jhay C peaking at number four on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified gold.
 Her debut album "No Shame" was released on 13 July 2012, which contained songs she performed on "The Voice", as well as newly recorded covers.
 The album debuted at number seven on the ARIA Albums Chart.
No Shame is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Sarah De Bono, who finished fourth on the first season of "The Voice" (Australia).
 The album was released on 13 July 2012, through Universal Music Australia.
 It features songs De Bono performed on "The Voice", original songs "No Shame" and "Beautiful", as well as newly recorded covers.
 To promote the album, De Bono visited the Westfield Knox in Wantirna South, Victoria, where she performed two songs from the album and signed CD copies for fans.
 The album debuted at number seven on the ARIA Albums Chart.
A Time for Us is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Luke Kennedy, who finished second on the second season of "The Voice Australia".
 The album was released on 12 July 2013, through Universal Music Australia.
 It features eight songs Kennedy performed on "The Voice", two original songs, as well as two newly recorded covers.
"Sonora’s Death Row" is a story song written by California songwriter Kevin "Blackie" Farrell and published by Drifter Music/Bug Music (BMI), "©"1975.
 Recorded covers of the song have been performed by Robert Earl Keen, Leo Kottke, Michael Martin Murphey, Tom Russell, Richard Shindell, Dave Alvin, Johnny Rodriguez and others.
 The song was also printed in the 1995 Spring issue of "Sing Out!
" with the following introduction:
Karise Eden (born 11 July 1992) is an Australian singer and songwriter.
 In 2012, she became the winner of the first series of "The Voice Australia".
 Eden subsequently signed with Universal Music Australia and released her debut single "You Won't Let Me".
 It was one of the four songs recorded by Eden that entered the ARIA Singles Chart top five during the week of 25 June 2012.
 She became the first artist to achieve this feat since The Beatles, who held the top six positions of the chart in 1964.
 Eden's debut studio album "My Journey" was released on 26 June 2012, which contained songs she performed on "The Voice", as well as newly recorded covers.
 The album debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified double platinum.
"Rock and Roll, Hoochie Koo" is a rock song written by Rick Derringer.
 It was first recorded in 1970 by Johnny Winter And, Johnny Winter's band from 1970–71, of which Derringer was a member.
 In 1973, Derringer recorded a solo version and it became his only Top 40 chart hit as a solo artist, peaking on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 23.
 Both Winter and Derringer have recorded multiple live versions of the song, and several other artists have recorded covers.
Amante de lo Bueno (English: Lover of Good Things ) is the third album by the Mexican singer María José, and the second cover album followed by the critical success of her sophomore album Amante de lo Ajeno.
 Described by the singer herself as a "side b" to the last album, she stated she felt the need to record another cover album to add songs she did not get the chance to include on the past album.
 The album was re-released a year after its release as a Special Edition that included three newly recorded covers plus a DVD featuring concert footage from the album's accompanying tour.
"San Francisco Bay Blues" is an American folk song and is generally considered to be the most famous composition by Jesse Fuller.
 Fuller first recorded the song in 1954 (released 1955) for a small label called World Song.
 The song was brought into wider popularity in the early 1960s by club performances by Ramblin' Jack Elliott, Bob Dylan, and Jim Kweskin.
 Recorded covers have been performed by many artists including The Blues Band, Paul Jones, Jim Croce, The Weavers, Sammy Walker, The Brothers Four, Paul Clayton, Richie Havens, Eric Clapton, The Flatlanders, Paul McCartney, Hot Tuna, Janis Joplin, John Lennon, Peter, Paul, and Mary, Mungo Jerry, Glenn Yarbrough, George Ellias, Phoebe Snow, The Wave Pictures, The Halifax III and Eva Cassidy.
Shooting Star is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Rachael Leahcar, who finished third on the first season of "The Voice Australia".
 The album was released on 13 July 2012, through Universal Music Australia.
 It features songs Leahcar performed on "The Voice", two original songs, as well as newly recorded covers.
 Leahcar promoted the album with an in-store appearance at Westfield Marion in Oaklands Park, South Australia, where she signed copies of the album and performed the songs "La Vie en rose" and "Shooting Star".
 The album debuted at number five on the ARIA Albums Chart.
Rachael Wendy Bartholomew (born 22 February 1994), known by her stage name Rachael Leahcar, is an Australian singer and songwriter, born and raised in Adelaide, South Australia.
 She participated on the first season of "The Voice Australia", coming in third place.
 Shortly after, she signed a record deal with Universal Music Australia.
 Her debut album "Shooting Star", which contained songs she performed on "The Voice", as well as newly recorded covers, was released on 13 July 2012.
 The album debuted at number five on the ARIA Albums Chart.
