The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl is a 1991 short story collection for adults by Roald Dahl.
 The collection, containing tales of macabre malevolence, comprises many of Dahl's stories seen in the television series "Tales of the Unexpected" and previously collected in "Someone Like You" (1953), "Kiss, Kiss" (1960), "Twenty-Nine Kisses from Roald Dahl" (1969), "Ppo poo face" (1974), and "" (1989).
Roald Dahl's Willy Wonka is a musical that combines elements of both Roald Dahl's book "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" and of the 1971 movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" with newly created material.
 The musical has several versions: the original version which premiered in 2004, the Junior version, the Kids version, and the Theatre for Young Audiences version.
 All are owned by Music Theatre International, the company that owns the Willy Wonka license.
The Roald Dahl Treasury is an anthology of works of the children's author Roald Dahl.
 It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1997 by Puffin Books.
The Roald Dahl Children's Gallery is in Church Street, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England.
 A children's museum in honour of Roald Dahl, it was opened on 23 November 1996 by Terence Hardiman, an actor popular with children due to his role as the titular role in "The Demon Headmaster".
 The building was previously a coach-house.
"Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat" is a short story by Roald Dahl that first appeared in the 1959 issue of "Nugget".
 The story is Dahl's variation on a popular anecdote dating back at least to 1939: a married woman receives a glamorous mink coat from a man with whom she had an affair.
 She hopes to sneak the coat into her home without arousing her husband's suspicions, but soon discovers that her husband has plans of his own.
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories is a hardcover edition of short-stories by Roald Dahl for adults.
 It was published in the US in October 2006 by Random House as part of the Everyman Library.
 The present volume includes for the first time all the stories in chronological order as established by Dahl's biographer, Jeremy Treglown, in consultation with the Dahl estate.
 A few of the short stories were not published chronologically in book form, but appeared later, collected in "More Tales of the Unexpected" (1980).
 The collection contains all of the short stories published in the following collections:
Roald Dahl Plass is a public space in Cardiff Bay, Cardiff, Wales.
 It is named after Cardiff-born author Roald Dahl, and is located on the coast along the south of the city centre.
 The square is home to the Senedd (Welsh Assembly Building) and the Wales Millennium Centre, a performing arts centre.
 The bowl-like shape of the space has made it a popular amphitheatre for hosting open-air concerts.
The Best of Roald Dahl is a collection of 25 of Roald Dahl's short stories.
 The first edition was published in 1978.
Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected is a collection of sixteen short stories written by British author Roald Dahl and first published in 1979.
 All of the stories were earlier published in various magazines, and then in the collections "Someone Like You" and "Kiss Kiss".
Roald Dahl short stories bibliography is a comprehensive annotated list of short stories written by Roald Dahl.
