The Tax Amendments Act, 2006 is a Bill in the Canadian Legislature numbered as Bill C-10 of the second session of the 39th Parliament of Canada and containing a controversial clause that David Cronenberg and Sarah Polley have argued represents censorship of Canadian films.
 The long form title of the bill is "An Act to amend the Income Tax Act, including amendments in relation to foreign investment entities and non-resident trusts, and to provide for the bijural expression of the provisions of that Act".
 Among a 600-page list of minor changes to tax law, the bill contains a clause, "Section 120(3)(b)", that would give the government power to deny taxation benefits for films made in Canada if the government deems the content to be objectionable.
 Critics of the clause argue that it is equivalent to censorship because most Canadian films cannot afford to be produced without government assistance.
 The Bill was passed in the House of Commons October 29, 2007, but opposition parties later said that they did not notice the controversial part and several Senators have said that they intend to send the bill back to the House.
Michael Allen Silka (August 20, 1958 – May 19, 1984) was an American spree killer who is believed to have killed nine people in Alaska during May 1984, primarily in the small village of Manley Hot Springs.
 The spree culminated in a shootout with Alaska State Troopers in the Alaskan wilderness in which Silka was shot and killed.
 The motives for Silka's actions remain unclear.
The Protect America Act of 2007 (PAA), (Pub.L.
 110–55 , 121 Stat.
 552 , enacted by ), is a controversial amendment to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) that was signed into law by U.S. President George W. Bush on August 5, 2007.
 It removed the warrant requirement for government surveillance of foreign intelligence targets "reasonably believed" to be outside of the United States.
 The FISA Amendments Act of 2008 reauthorized many provisions of the Protect America Act in Title VII of FISA.
The history of the USA PATRIOT Act involved many parties who opposed and supported the legislation, which was proposed, enacted and signed into law 45 days after the September 11 terrorist attacks in 2001.
 The USA PATRIOT Act, though approved by large majorities in the U.S. Senate and House of Representative, was controversial, and parts of the law were invalidated or modified by successful legal challenges over constitutional infringements to civil liberties.
 The Act had several sunset provisions, most reauthorized by the "USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005" and the "USA PATRIOT Act Additional Reauthorizing Amendments Act."
 Both reauthorizations incorporated amendments to the original USA PATRIOT Act, and other federal laws.
Seung-Hui Cho (in Korean, properly Cho Seung-Hui; January 18, 1984 – April 16, 2007) was a South Korean spree killer and mass murderer who killed 32 people and wounded 17 others armed with two semi-automatic pistols on April 16, 2007, at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in Blacksburg, Virginia.
 An additional six people were injured jumping from windows to escape.
 He was a senior-level undergraduate student at the university.
 The shooting rampage came to be known as the Virginia Tech shooting.
 Cho committed suicide after police breached the doors of the building where most of the shooting had taken place.
 His body is buried in Fairfax, Virginia.
Jeffrey James Weise (August 8, 1988 – March 21, 2005) was an American teenage mass murderer and spree killer, who was a student at Red Lake Senior High School in Red Lake, Minnesota, located on the reservation of the Ojibwe people.
 He murdered nine people in a shooting spree on March 21, 2005.
 He killed his grandfather and his grandfather's companion before going to the reservation high school, where he murdered seven more people and wounded five others.
 He committed suicide before being captured by police.
Woo Bum-kon (or Wou Bom-kon (February 24, 1955 – April 27, 1982) was a South Korean policeman and spree killer who killed 56 people and wounded 35 others in several villages in Uiryeong County, South Gyeongsang Province, South Korea, during the night from April 26 to April 27, 1982, before committing suicide.
Daniel Gonzalez (1980 – 9 August 2007), also known as the Freddy Krueger Killer and the Mummy's Boy Killer, was a spree killer who killed four people and injured two others during two days across London and Sussex in September 2004.
 His mother had previously written a letter to her MP criticising the fact that a serious incident had to occur before he could receive mental help.
 In her letter, she rhetorically asked "...does my son have to commit murder to get help?"
.
The NICS Improvement Amendments Act was passed in 2007 in the wake of the Virginia Tech shootings in order to address loopholes in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, commonly known as NICS, which enabled Seung-Hui Cho to buy firearms despite having been ruled a danger to himself by a Virginia court.
Repeal of the Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007
