Chrome Shelled Regios (鋼殻のレギオス , Kōkaku no Regiosu ) is a Japanese light novel series by Shūsuke Amagi, with illustrations by Miyū.
 A short story light novel series was serialized in "Dragon Magazine".
 A manga adaptation drawn by Miyū is serialized in the shōnen manga magazine "Dragon Age Pure".
 A second manga adaptation drawn by Nodoka Kiyose is serialized in the shōnen manga magazine "Monthly Dragon Age".
 A third manga adaptation drawn by Watari is serialized in "Beans Ace" magazine.
 A four-panel comic strip adaptation drawn by Masumi Futaba started serialization in "Monthly Dragon Age" on November 8, 2008.
 A science fiction light novel series titled "Legend of Regios" is set in the past world of "Chrome Shelled Regios" series, and published by Fujimi Shobo under its Style-F label.
 An anime adaptation produced by Zexcs aired on January 11, 2009 to June 20, 2009 and is licensed in North America by Funimation Entertainment.
Blue Dragon Plus (Japanese: ブルードラゴンプラス , Hepburn: Burū Doragon Purasu ) is a role-playing game designed by Mistwalker and developed by feelplus and Brownie Brown.
 It was published by AQ Interactive in Japan on September 4, 2008, and by UTV Ignition Entertainment February 19, 2009 in North America.
 It is the second of three games in the Blue Dragon series, and the first of two for the Nintendo DS video game console.
Blue Dragon (ブルードラゴン , Burū Doragon ) is an anime adaptation of the "Blue Dragon" video game series.
TwinBee (ツインビー ) is a video game series composed primarily of cartoon-themed vertical-scrolling shoot-'em-up games produced by Konami that were released primarily in Japan.
 The series originated as a coin-operated video game simply titled "TwinBee" in 1985 , which was followed by several home versions and sequels.
 The character designs of almost every game in the series since "Detana!!
 TwinBee" in 1991 were provided by Japanese animator Shuzilow HA (Jujiro Hamakawa), who also planned and supervised most of the subsequent installments in the "TwinBee" series.
 The series also inspired a radio drama adaptation that lasted three seasons in Japan, as well as an anime adaptation.
Blue Dragon (Japanese: ブルードラゴン , Hepburn: Burū Doragon ) is a role-playing video game developed by Mistwalker and Artoon and published by Microsoft Game Studios exclusively for the Xbox 360.
 "Blue Dragon" is based on a design by "Final Fantasy" series creator Hironobu Sakaguchi, who also supervised development and wrote the plot.
 It is both Mistwalker's debut title and the first title to be helmed by Sakaguchi outside of Square Enix.
 The game was released in Japan in December 2006, where it was sold both as a standalone title and as part of a bundle with the Xbox 360.
 Other regions received only the game itself, with a release in August 2007.
Blue Dragon: Awakened Shadow (Japanese: ブルードラゴン 異界の巨獣 , Hepburn: Burū Doragon: Ikai no Kyojū , "Blue Dragon: Great Beast of the Underworld") is a role-playing video game developed by Mistwalker and tri-Crescendo and published by Namco Bandai in Japan and Europe and D3 Publisher in North America, for the Nintendo DS video game console and is part of the "Blue Dragon" series, its third installment and is a direct sequel to both "Blue Dragon" and "Blue Dragon Plus".
 Hironobu Sakaguchi (series creator), Akira Toriyama (character designer) and Hideo Baba (brand manager of "Tales" series) are involved in the development of the game.
 It was released in Japan on October 8, 2009, in North America on May 18, 2010, and in Europe on September 24, 2010.
Kenji Akabane (赤羽根 健治 , Akabane Kenji , born October 31, 1984) is a Japanese voice actor.
 His first starring role was as Kouji Kabuto in "Shin Mazinger Shougeki!
 Z Hen" and he also went on to portray the Producer in the anime adaptation of "The Idolmaster" video game series.
 In 2014, he provided the voice of Dragon Shiryū in the film "", a role he said was "cool" and "serious".
"Kissxsis" is an anime adaptation of the manga written by Bow Ditama produced by Feel.
 The series revolves around a boy named Keita Suminoe who finds himself the centre of attention of his twin step-sisters, Ako and Riko.
 The anime adaptation consists of two series: a twelve-episode anime television series and a twelve-part original video animation series.
 The first OVA was released on December 22, 2008, with subsequent episodes released with volumes of the manga until April 6, 2015.
 The anime television series aired on AT-X between April 5, 2010 and June 21, 2010, and was released on DVD from June 23, 2010.
Cindy Robinson is an American voice actress who voices in anime, cartoons and video games.
 Some of her major roles are Makoto Nanaya and Gii from the "Blazblue" series, Betty Boop in commercials, Queen Beryl in "Sailor Moon", Chitose Nanbu in "Ah My Buddha", Kukaku Shiba, Jinta Hanakari (kid) and Kiyone Kotetsu in "Bleach", Zola in the "Blue Dragon" series, and Amy Rose in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series.
This is an episode listing for the anime adaptation of "Lucky Star".
 The anime, containing twenty-four episodes, aired between April 8, 2007 and September 16, 2007 on Chiba TV and is produced by the animation company Kyoto Animation.
 The series was directed by Japanese animation director Yutaka Yamamoto for the first four episodes, but he was fired and replaced by Yasuhiro Takemoto from episode five on.
 An original video animation episode was produced following the series and was released on September 26, 2008.
 An anime adaptation of "Miyakawa-ke no Kūfuku", produced by Ordet and Encourage Films, began streaming on Ustream on April 29, 2013.
