William R. "Bill" Royal (March 16, 1905 – May 8, 1997) was a retired lieutenant colonel from the United States Air Force.
 In the late 1950s, he and other scuba divers found artifacts and human bones from at least seven individuals in Warm Mineral Springs.
 A partially burned log found in association with some of the human bones was radiocarbon dated to about 10,000 years ago.
 If the bones were the same age as the log, then the bones were the oldest known evidence of human occupation in Florida at the time.
Noble House Film & Television is the operating subsidiary of "Noble House Entertainment Inc." Founded by filmmaker Damian Lee and Lowell Conn, Noble House develops, produces and distributes international commercial feature films and television programs.
Noble House is an American television miniseries that was produced and broadcast by NBC in 1988.
 Based on the novel "Noble House" by James Clavell, it features a large cast headlined by Pierce Brosnan as business tycoon Ian Dunross and was directed by Gary Nelson.
 However, due to time restrictions, several of the many subplots from the book were removed.
Phantasmagore is the third studio album from the rock band Deadsy.
 It was released on August 22, 2006 through Immortal Records.
 The album debuted at #176 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
 "Phantasmagore" had been delayed numerous times since its original release date in 2004, citing label issues and overall complications.
 A video shoot for the original choice for first single, "Book of Black Dreams", was planned for June at the Sedlec Ossuary in Prague, but had to be rescheduled, and was later canceled.
 "Carrying Over" and its acoustic version from the Family Values Tour compilation album were both slated for release in January 2007.
 These plans eventually folded when Deadsy announced their hiatus.
František Rint was a 19th-century Czech woodcarver and carpenter.
 He was employed by the House of Schwarzenberg to organize the human bones interred at the Sedlec Ossuary, a small Christian chapel in Sedlec, in 1870.
 He used the bones at Sedlec Ossuary to create elaborate, macabre sculptures, including four chandeliers and a copy of the Schwarzenberg coat of arms.
 According to the signature he left at the Ossuary, Rint was from Ceska Skalice, a small city on the Czech-Polish border.
The Struan family and their company Struan's (also called the Noble House) is a fictional family featuring heavily in many of the Asian Saga novels by writer James Clavell.
 The family plays an important role in the novels "Tai-Pan", "Noble House", "Gai-Jin", and "Whirlwind".
 "Tai-Pan" is the first book about the Struan family, although it is preceded by "Shōgun" in the Asian saga.
Dirk Lochlin Struan (1784-1841) is the fictional main character of James Clavell's 1966 novel "Tai-Pan".
 The title comes from a Cantonese term that Clavell loosely translates as "supreme leader", and Struan is the taipan or head of his own trading company in China, Struan & Company.
 In Clavell's literary universe, moreover, Struan is presented as "the" Tai-Pan, and his company as the Noble House, the greatest private trading company in nineteenth-century Asia.
 A Scotsman, "the devil Struan" is portrayed as a tough and resourceful rogue, endowed with vision and determination.
 A man of extremity, he is capable of tremendous love and terrible hate.
 He will stop at nothing to protect his home, his family, and the Noble House.
Vero man refers to a set of fossilized human bones found near Vero (now Vero Beach), Florida, in 1915 and 1916.
 The human bones were found in association with those of Pleistocene animals.
 The question of whether humans were present in Florida (or anywhere in the Americas) during the Pleistocene was controversial at the time, and most archaeologists did not accept that the Vero fossils were that old.
 Recent studies show that the Vero human bones are from the Pleistocene and are the largest collection of human remains from the Pleistocene found in North America.
The Sedlec Ossuary (Czech: "Kostnice v Sedlci" ) is a small Roman Catholic chapel, located beneath the Cemetery Church of All Saints (Czech: "Hřbitovní kostel Všech Svatých"), part of the former Sedlec Abbey in Sedlec, a suburb of Kutná Hora in the Czech Republic.
 The ossuary is estimated to contain the skeletons of between 40,000 and 70,000 people, whose bones have, in many cases, been artistically arranged to form decorations and furnishings for the chapel.
 The ossuary is among the most visited tourist attractions of the Czech Republic - attracting over 200,000 visitors annually.
Dungeons & Dragons is a 2000 American-Czech fantasy film directed by Courtney Solomon, written by Carroll Cartwright and Topper Lilien, and based on the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game.
 Among the more notable features of the otherwise poorly received film are cameo appearances by Richard O'Brien (in a parody of his TV program "The Crystal Maze") and Tom Baker.
 Parts of the film were made on location at Sedlec Ossuary.
