Mohamed Yahya Sillah was born December 12, 1949 in Massam Kpaka, Pujehun District, Republic of Sierra Leone.
 His father, Alhaji Yahya Sillah, now 100 years old, served as Regent Chief (Acting Paramount Chief) for several years in Dama Chiefdom, Kenema District in the early seventies.
 Alhaji Yahya Sillah was appointed to that high position by Sierra Leone President Siaka Stevens.
 His mother, Haja Mamie Zoe Mansaray, was a home maker.
 A journalist and human rights activist, Mohamed Yahya Sillah was a vocal torch-bearer in the transition efforts from military to civilian rule in Sierra Leone, 1996.
 As Leader and National Chairman of National Alliance Democratic Party (NADP), he competed the 1996 Presidential elections in Sierra Leone, becoming one of only thirteen political leaders that qualified to contest the Presidential and Parliamentary elections in the country at the age of 46.
 His adoring personality lured many Sierra Leoneans and media practitioners to view him as one of the most eloquent and charismatic politicians in Sierra Leone.
 Nevertheless, he received only 0.5% of the votes (3,723 total votes), good for 13th place.
 Although he protested the election results on BBC's Focus on Africa, he later suspended his protest "for the sake of peace."
 Mohamed Yahya Sillah continues to enjoy massive support from the youth and women supporters in Sierra Leone.
 In 2007, he withdrew his bid for national leadership in the Presidential and Parliamentary elections, citing inadequate funding and ineffective campaign management machinery.
 He later put his weight behind the Sierra Leone Peoples Party (SLPP) presidential candidate, Vice President Solomon Berewa.
 When Berewa lost the elections, Mohamed Yahya Sillah gracefully congratulated the winning candidate, Ernest Bai Koroma, of the All People's Congress (APC) party.
 Mohamed Yahya Sillah vows to respect and help protect the dignity of any Sierra Leonean that is legitimately and democratically elected to office by the people of Sierra Leone.
Willie Mae Reid is an African-American politician who ran as the Socialist Workers Party candidate for Mayor of Chicago in 1975, winning 16,693 votes but coming in third place against Richard J. Daley.
 The number had fallen from the number of signatures she'd acquired to get on the ballot, 66,000.
 She also ran as their vice presidential candidate in 1976 (Presidential candidate: Peter Camejo) and 1992 (Presidential candidate: James "Mac" Warren), winning 91,314 votes.
Two-stage presidential elections were held in Finland in 1978, the first since 1968 after Urho Kekkonen's term was extended by four years by Parliament.
 The public elected presidential electors to an electoral college on 15 and 16 January.
 They in turn elected the President.
 The result was a victory for Urho Kekkonen, who won on the first ballot.
 The turnout for the popular vote was 64.3.
 Kekkonen had in the spring of 1975 agreed to become the Social Democratic presidential candidate, and after that all the major Finnish political parties chose him as their candidate.
 Kekkonen's opponents, such as the Christian League's presidential candidate Raino Westerholm, claimed that Kekkonen's long presidency weakened the Finnish democracy.
 Over one-third of the Finnish voters abstained from voting, partly as a protest against Kekkonen's expected landslide victory.
 The 77-year-old President Kekkonen's health was already declining, although this fact was not easily noticeable in his public appearances (see, for example, Timo Vihavainen, "The Welfare Finland" (Hyvinvointi-Suomi), pgs.
 883-884 in Seppo Zetterberg et al., eds., A Small Giant of the Finnish History / Suomen historian pikkujättiläinen.
 Helsinki: WSOY, 2003; Pentti Virrankoski, A History of Finland / Suomen historia, volumes 1&2.
 Helsinki: Finnish Literature Society (Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seura), 2009, pg.
 963; Aarno Laitinen et al., eds., Tamminiemi's Inheritance Dividers (Tamminiemen pesänjakajat).
 Helsinki: Journalists Ltd. (Lehtimiehet Oy), 1981).
Two-stage presidential elections were held in Finland in 1931.
 On 15 and 16 January the public elected presidential electors to an electoral college.
 They in turn elected the President.
 The result was a victory for Pehr Evind Svinhufvud, who won on the third ballot by just two votes.
 The turnout for the popular vote was 47.3%.
 This presidential election was held during an ideologically, politically, socially and economically tense time.
 The Great Depression was impoverishing many Finnish farmers and workers.
 The far-right Lapua Movement had not settled for the ban of the Communist Party and its affiliated organizations in the autumn of 1930.
 It wanted to help elect a President who would also strongly oppose the Social Democrats and moderate bourgeois parties, such as the Progressives.
 Although Svinhufvud disapproved of the Lapua Movement's violent kidnappings of left-wing politicians and other illegal acts, he was their preferred presidential candidate.
 Former President K.J. Ståhlberg, a champion of democracy, parliamentarism and the rule of law, had been briefly kidnapped by some activists of the Lapua Movement with his wife in October 1930.
 He was chosen as the Progressive presidential candidate.
 Speaker of the Finnish Parliament, Kyösti Kallio, held ideals similar to those of Ståhlberg, and he became the Agrarian presidential candidate.
 The outgoing President, Lauri Kristian Relander, had lost the Agrarian presidential candidacy to Kallio, because he did not condemn the Lapua Movement as strongly as Kallio did, and a sufficient number of Agrarians believed that Kallio could control the Lapua Movement's extremists more effectively than Relander.
 Right-wing Finns and some centrists, such as a prominent Agrarian parliamentarian, Juho Niukkanen, were concerned that Ståhlberg's re-election (after a six-year break) as the Finnish President would escalate political tensions in Finland.
 The Commander-in-Chief of the Civil Guards (a bourgeois voluntary defence organization), Major General Lauri Malmberg, announced in the Finnish Parliament that he would not guarantee order among the Civil Guards, if Ståhlberg was elected President.
 Svinhufvud's razor-thin victory required Niukkanen's arm-twisting tactics, whereby he pressured all the Agrarian presidential electors to support Svinhufvud.
 This 69-year-old and slightly ailing conservative politician was considered by his supporters as a sufficiently bold, solid and patriotic man to re-unite the ideologically divided Finns.
 His pro-democracy supporters hoped that he could keep both right-wing extremists and left-wing extremists in check (see, for example, Sakari Virkkunen, Finland's Presidents I / Suomen presidentit I. Helsinki: Otava Ltd., 1994, pgs.
 242-245 (Relander), pgs.
 11-14 (Svinhufvud); Pentti Virrankoski, A History of Finland / Suomen historia, volumes 1&2.
 Helsinki: Finnish Literature Society / Suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seura, 2009, pgs.
 810-816; Raimo Salokangas, "The Independent Republic" (Itsenäinen tasavalta), pgs.
 635-639 in Seppo Zetterberg et al., eds., A Small Giant of the Finnish History / Suomen historian pikkujättiläinen.
 Helsinki: WSOY, 2003).
The Social-Democratic Party of Abkhazia (Russian: Социал-демократическая партия Абхазии , Georgian: სოციალურ დემოკრატიული პარტიის აფხაზეთის ) is an oppositional political party in Abkhazia.
 It was founded during the crisis that followed the October 2004 presidential election by people from the presidential campaign of Sergei Shamba, who had come third in the election.
 Besides Shamba himself, initial members included his Vice Presidential candidate Vladimir Arshba, chief of staff Gennady Alamia and former Vice Premier Albert Topolian.
 The foundational congress of the Social-Democratic Party took place on 15 October 2005 in the State Drama Theatre of Abkhazia, where Gennadi Alamia was elected its first chairman.
 The Union of Social-Democratic Youth was founded as the party's youth wing, headed by Abkhazian State University student Astamur Logua.
The third primary election of the Citizens' Action Party (PAC, known as "Convención Nacional Ciudadana" or "Citizens' National Convention") was scheduled for July 9, 2017 in order to elect PAC's presidential candidate for the Costa Rican general election, 2018.
 Albeit rumors about possible candidates included former candidate and deputy Otton Solis, current Vice-President Ana Helena Chacón and former president of Congress and current UN ambassador Juan Carlos Mendoza, all of them denied having aspirations for the moment.
 Instead the first announcing his intention to be nominated was Minister Carlos Alvarado, former Minister of Social Issues and President of the Joint Social Welfare Institute and latter Minister of Labor under Luis Guillermo Solis' presidency.
 He was quickly followed by Economy Minister Welmer Ramos, both resigning their offices as the Constitution requires before February 2017.
 Congresswoman and former pre-candidate Epsy Campbell made her intentions public on March of the same year in what could have been Campbell's third attempt to be presidential nominee.
 But on March 27 Campbell withdraw from the race.
Moneybomb (alternatively money bomb, money-bomb, or fundraising bomb) is a neologism coined in 2007 to describe a grassroots fundraising effort over a brief fixed time period, usually to support a candidate for election by dramatically increasing, concentrating, and publicizing fundraising activity during a specific hour or day.
 The term was coined by Trevor Lyman to describe a massive coordinated online donation drive on behalf of presidential candidate Ron Paul, in which context the "San Jose Mercury News" described a moneybomb as being "a one-day fundraising frenzy".
 The effort combines traditional and Internet-based fundraising appeals focusing especially on viral advertising through online vehicles such as YouTube, Myspace, and online forums.
 In the case of lesser-known candidates it is also intended to generate significant free mass media coverage the candidate would otherwise not receive.
 Moneybombs have been used for grassroots fundraising and viral activism over the Internet by several 2008 presidential candidates in the United States.
 It emerged as an important grassroots tool leading up to the 2010 midterm elections and 2012 presidential election in the United States.
Trevor Morris Lyman (born 1970) is an American musician and internet music entrepreneur.
 Lyman popularized such political campaign concepts as moneybombs and dedicated political blimp advertising.
 He helped organize grassroots fundraising for 2008 United States Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul, Congressman from Texas by offering to create a hub website after supporters of the candidate decided a "money bomb" would be an effective way to bring in campaign donations.
Begslist, Inc. is an Internet begging and online donation website.
 It is the online version of traditional begging or panhanding via the Internet and a way for people to get help with their financial problems through begging online, a practice known as "cyberbegging" or "digital panhandling".
 Begslist allows visitors to post their pleas for help on the website in the hopes to receive donations.
 PayPal buttons are added to each of the postings for readers to send donations to those asking for help through secured payments and money transfers through the Internet.
 On October 19, 2010 Begslist.org launched a new website redesign that incorporated social media sharing for users of the site.
Alhaji Samuel Sidique Sam-Sumana (born April 7, 1962) was a Sierra Leonean politician who was the Vice President of Sierra Leone from September 17, 2007 to March 17, 2015.
 Sam-Sumana stood as the vice-presidential candidate of the All People's Congress (APC) in the 2007 presidential election, alongside presidential candidate Ernest Bai Koroma.
 The APC ticket defeated the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) presidential candidate Solomon Berewa and vice presidential candidate Momodou Koroma.
 Sam-Sumana took office as Vice President on September 17, 2007.
