Baat Cheet (Urdu: ‎ or French: "Tête-à-Tête" ; English: "Tête-à-Tête") is a 2015 Pakistani comedy drama short film by Rayika Choudri.
 The film stars Sarwat Gilani and Joshinder Chaggar in lead roles.
Adnan Siddiqui (Urdu: ‎ ) is a Pakistani actor and model who has worked in Lollywood and Hollywood and also made his debut in Bollywood with the Hindi film "Mom" (2017).
 He has appeared in many commercials and drama serials, including "Uroosa", "Pal Do Pal", "Meri Adhoori Mohabbat", "Meri Zaat Zara-e-Benishan", "Doraha", "Hawa Rait Aur Aangan", "Choti Si Kahani", "Vasl" and "Parsa".
 Siddiqui first started his filming career in the 1990s; he became notable for being cast in the popular drama "Uroosa" and one of the famous travel reality shows of the time "Gulls & Guys" directed by Shoaib Mansoor.
 In 2002, he was nominated for Best Actor (TV) in the Lux Style Awards.
 He also played a small role alongside Angelina Jolie and Irrfan Khan in the 2007 film "A Mighty Heart".
 In 2010, Siddique won Best Supporting Actor Award for Ishq Junoon Deewangi on Pakistan Media Award.
 He made his first debut in Pakistani film Yalghaar
Gol Chakkar is a 2012 Pakistani comedy film directed by Shahbaz Shigri, produced and written by Aisha Linnea Akhtar.
 Film features Ali Rehman Khan, Hasan Bruun Akhtar, Usman Mukhtar, Salmaan Ahmed Shaukat, Uzair Jaswal, Adil Gul, Saboor Pasha, Asad Ali Shigri and special appearance by Shahana Khan Khalil.
 This film is a sequel to "Sole Search" on the life of a character Candy Bhai from the earlier version.
 Candy Bhai, along with some new characters, gets into trouble when the boys decide to head over to Rawalpindi.
As the City Sleeps is the debut album by gothic rock band Mary and the Black Lamb.
 The album is about different experiences the band members have gone through.
 Most of which are based on true stories.
 All the songs on the album were written by Lindz Riot with the exception of, Stranger where Matt Kelly helped write and arrange it, and Silence which Nixon helped write.
Family Front (Urdu: فیملی فرنٹ‎ ) was a 1997 Pakistani comedy drama sitcom.
 It was broadcast by the Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV World, now PTV News).
 Sitcom was directed by Waseem Abbas and written by Muhammad Younis Butt, starring Saba Hameed, Samina Ahmad, Waseem Abbas, Mira Hashmi, "Iram Hassan", Shahzad Nasim and Naseem Vicky.
 This comedy show became highly popular among the people and ran for many TV seasons.
Pakistani English literature refers to English literature that has been developed and evolved in Pakistan, as well as by members of the Pakistani diaspora who write in the English language.
 English is one of the official languages of Pakistan (the other being Urdu) and has a history going back to the British colonial rule in South Asia (the British Raj); the national dialect spoken in the country is known as Pakistani English.
 Today, it occupies an important and integral part in modern Pakistani literature.
 Dr. Alamgir Hashmi introduced the term "Pakistani Literature [originally written] in English" with his "Preface" to his pioneering book "Pakistani Literature: The Contemporary English Writers" (New York, 1978; Islamabad, 1987) as well as through his other scholarly work and the seminars and courses taught by him in many universities since 1970's.
 It was established as an academic discipline in the world following his lead and further work by other scholars, and it is now a widely popular field of study.
Coke Kahani (Urdu: کوک کہانی‎ ) is a 2012 Pakistani comedy drama sitcom directed by Mehreen Jabbar broadcasting on Broadcast syndication.
 Sitcom is written by Syed Mohammad Ahmed and Yasir Rana, starring Sonia Rehman, Faisal Rehman, Syra Yousuf, Syed Mohammad Ahmed, Yasir Hussain, Ahmed Zeb, Shamim Hilali.
 Sitcom was first aired on 3 November 2012.
Raju Rocket is a 2012 Pakistani comedy drama serial aired on the Hum TV.
 Serial was first aired on 27 August 2012; and is directed by "Saima Waseem" and written by "Imran Ali Safir", starring Danish Taimoor, Sumbul Iqbal, Madiha Rizvi, Rubina Ashraf, Nadia Afghan and Qazi Wajid.
Lahori Gate (Urdu: لاہوری گیٹ‎ ) was a Pakistani comedy drama serial, aired on PTV Home.
 Serial's stars were Iftikhar Thakur, Sardar Kamal, Naseem Vicky, Abid Kashmiri, Waseem Abbas and Qavi Khan.
 This show is written by Waseem Abbas who also acts in it.
 He is a son of Pakistan's late famous film playback singer Inayat Hussain Bhatti.
 Shahid Aziz is the director of this comedy drama.
Googly Mohalla was a 36-episodic Cricket World Cup 2015 special Pakistani comedy drama with a Romantic glimpse.
 It starred "Jahanzeb Khan" and "Aimen Khan" as main leads, while "Hina Dilpazir" played a supporting role.
