"The Monkey Suit" is the twenty-first episode of the seventeenth season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 14, 2006.
 In the episode, Ned Flanders is shocked after seeing a new display at the museum about evolution.
 Together with Reverend Lovejoy, he spreads the religious belief of creationism in Springfield, and at a later town meeting, teaching evolution is made illegal.
 As a result, Lisa decides to hold secret classes for people interested in evolution.
 However, she is quickly arrested and a trial against her is initiated.
Old Donation Church is the third Lynnhaven Parish Church and is the oldest Episcopal Church in Virginia Beach.
 Records show that the parish’s first church services were held in 1637 in the home of Adam Thoroughgood.
 The first church building was constructed on Mr. Thoroughgood’s land in 1639 on the location later known as "Church Point."
 The vestry, or governing body of the church, was established in 1640.
TPR Storytelling (Teaching Proficiency through Reading and Storytelling or TPRS) is a method of teaching foreign languages.
 TPRS lessons use a mixture of reading and storytelling to help students learn a foreign language in a classroom setting.
 The method works in three steps: in step one the new vocabulary structures to be learned are taught using a combination of translation, gestures, and personalized questions; in step two those structures are used in a spoken class story; and finally, in step three, these same structures are used in a class reading.
 Throughout these three steps, the teacher will use a number of techniques to help make the target language comprehensible to the students, including careful limiting of vocabulary, constant asking of easy comprehension questions, frequent comprehension checks, and very short grammar explanations known as "pop-up grammar".
 Many teachers also assign additional reading activities such as free voluntary reading, and there have been several easy novels written by TPRS teachers for this purpose.
Mizoram Presbyterian Church Synod (Mizoram Presbyterian Kohhran Synod in Mizo) is the largest Christian denomination in Mizoram, northeast India.
 It was a direct progeny of the Calvinistic Methodist Church (officially named the Presbyterian Church of Wales in 1928) in Wales.
 It was the first church in Mizoram and is now one of the constituent bodies of a larger denomination Presbyterian Church of India (PCI), which has its headquarters in Shillong, Meghalaya.
 The administrative body called the Mizoram Synod has its headquarters at Mission Veng, Aizawl.
 As the first church, it remains the largest denomination in Mizoram.
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances.
 Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure.
 Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's.
 Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed.
 Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion.
 Thus the birth of Modifications.
 It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance.
 FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence.
 Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal.
 Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash.
 Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them.
 Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s.
 During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions.
 The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices.
 During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization.
 Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow.
 The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'.
 that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow.
 Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead.
 This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder.
 The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally.
 The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally.
 Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions.
 Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason.
 Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification.
 Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds.
 While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008.
 The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate.
 It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders.
 Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned.
 Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public.
 Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.
First Church is a member church of the Reformed Church in America (RCA) and was one of the first churches in Jasper County, Indiana.
 It holds two worship services  on Sunday mornings.
 Its full name is "First Reformed Church of DeMotte," but goes by the shortened name First Church.
 In May 2016 First Church changed locations to Wheatfield, IN.
First Church UCC (or “First Church,” or “First Church Sandwich,” or “First Church of Christ”) is a Congregational church in Sandwich Massachusetts founded in 1638 under Plymouth Colony Charter and the Mayflower Compact.
 It is either the oldest church on Cape Cod or the second oldest depending on the interpretation.
 First Church boasts Mayflower Pilgrims and their first-generation descendants as charter members.
 By Plymouth Colony Charter, a church was required as an official part of the governance of any newly founded township, and First Church was founded as the official church within the town of Sandwich.
 First Church is now a congregation of the United Church of Christ, a large theologically and socially liberal denomination.
 The Church is Open and Affirming – an appellation signifying both openness to and active affirmation of all persons regardless of status (and including LGBTQI persons).
 First Church is well known to tourists because of the inclusion of its current steeple on the cover of Elvis Presley's "How Great Thou Art" Gospel Album .
First Church, Old First Church, or First Church Parsonage may refer to:
Wright v. Houston Independent School District was a 1972 American legal case brought by a parent of a student in the Houston Independent School District in Houston, Texas suing on behalf of her daughter and fellow students to prevent the district from teaching evolution as fact and without reference to alternative theories.
 The plaintiffs claimed evolutionary theory endorsed a secularist religious view, and argued the school's failure to incorporate the teaching of a particular religious alternative to evolutionary theory as derived from the Bible's creation account held that religious view up to ridicule and contempt.
 To allow evolution while avoiding creationism was unconstitutional, the suit claimed, because it advanced one particular sectarian view over another.
 The plaintiffs maintained that the school's evolutionary teaching constituted "the establishment of a sectarian, atheistic religion" and was an interference of their own rights to the free exercise of religion as guaranteed by the Establishment clause in the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.
 The case is one of a series of legal battles over the teaching of evolution in American public schools, and the first to be initiated by opponents of such teaching.
First Church of Christ, Scientist Building is an historic Christian Science church located at 1519 East Denny Way / 1841 16th Avenue on the corner of East Denny Way and 16th Avenue in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
 Designed in the Classical Revival style, it was built of Bedford limestone between 1906 and 1909.
 Established in August 1896, First Church first held services in various rented buildings or halls until building its first church building on the corner of 6th Avenue and Marion Street.
 This was completed in time for its first service on Easter Sunday, April 7, 1901.
 This was soon outgrown and in November 1906 a contract was signed to purchase the Denny Way property.
 In August 1908, services began in a temporary wooden structure that was built on the completed foundation of the new church.
 On January 17, 1977 the building was declared a City of Seattle historic landmark.
 In 2006 the congregation made the decision to move to the South Lake Union neighborhood to be in a more active urban location.
 The building on East Denny Way was sold to a developer who has since converted it into townhouse project called The Sanctuary.
 First Church of Christ, Scientist, Seattle, now holds services at 900 Thomas Street and is still an active branch of the Christian Science Mother Church.
