Saint Anne's Hill Historic District is part of the Historic Inner East neighborhood in Dayton, Ohio, United States.
 St. Anne's Hill constitutes a grouping of both vernacular and high style Victorian residences which date roughly from 1860 to the early 20th century.
 The neighborhood is significant for its German heritage.
Center Street Historic District is a historic district in Ashland, Ohio, United States.
 Placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 with a boundary increase that took place in 1992, Center Street features Victorian homes built in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 The district is established between Town Creek and Vernon Avenue on the east side of Center Street and between the theater and Morgan Avenue on the west side.
 Once known as Huron Road, Center Street runs current with Ohio State Route 511 and Ohio State Route 60, which travels the entire length of Ohio.
 The Center Street Historic District Association is the homeowners' association for the district.
The Central Avenue Historic District is a small segment of the larger Grafton Hill neighborhood of Dayton, Ohio, United States.
 Composed of just two blocks near the border between Grafton Hill and Dayton View, the historic district comprises a cohesive collection of houses dating primarily from the turn of the 20th century, and it has been named a historic site.
The North Irvington Gardens Historic District is a neighborhood and national historic district in Indianapolis, Indiana.
 It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 27, 2008.
 It is immediately to the north of the Irvington Historic District, which has been on the National Register since 1987, sharing the same east and west boundaries of the older district (Arlington Avenue and Emerson Avenue, respectively), and extending north to 10th and 11th streets.
 It is a neighborhood of mostly residential buildings dating primarily from 1910 to 1950, with no one distinctive architectural style, including a house associated with the historic Osborn Farm.
 Except for one church, the only buildings contributing to the historic nature of the district are 843 houses and 551 garages.
 Most fences in the district mark the perimeter of the individual properties; very few are along the streets.
Torrence Huffman was a banker in Dayton, Ohio who loaned pasture land to the Wright brothers where they perfected their first airplanes and started the first pilot training school.
 "As their flights grew ever longer in September and October 1905, local citizens and area journalists finally realized that something extraordinary was taking place in the sky over Torrence Huffman’s pasture," notes aviation historian Tom Crouch.
 The 84-acre field has since been known as Huffman Prairie and is designated a National Historic Landmark and part of Ohio's Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park.
East Windsor Hill Historic District is a historic district located in the northwestern corner of the town of South Windsor, Connecticut.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The district runs along both sides of Main Street from the Scantic River south to the Edwards Cemetery.
 The district also includes areas west of Main Street to the Connecticut River, including properties along Ferry Lane.
 The district is located directly north of another historic district, Windsor Farms Historic District.
 The district encompasses a neighborhood of well-preserved largely folk vernacular buildings erected between about 1700 and 1860.
The Historic Inner East neighborhood is located in Dayton, Ohio, United States.
 The neighborhood boundaries include two historic districts: Saint Anne's Hill Historic District and Huffman Historic District.
 The neighborhood has a population of a little over 3,000 (as of 2010 census).
The Huffman Historic District is a historic neighborhood in eastern Dayton, Ohio, United States.
 Formed at the end of the nineteenth century primarily by a wealthy businessman, it has long been home to people of many different occupations and numerous places on the social ladder.
 After seeing very few changes throughout the twentieth century, it was named a historic site in the 1980s.
The Swiss Avenue Historic District is a residential neighborhood in East Dallas, Dallas, Texas (USA).
 It consists of installations of the Munger Place addition, one of East Dallas' early subdivisions.
 The Swiss Avenue Historic District is a historic district of the city of Dallas, Texas.
 The boundaries of the district comprise both sides of Swiss Avenue from Fitzhugh Steet, to just north of La Vista, and includes portions of Bryan Parkway.
 The District includes the 6100-6200 blocks of La Vista Drive, the west side of the 5500 block of Bryan Parkway the 6100-6300 blocks of Bryan Parkway, the east side of the 5200-5300 block of Live Oak Street, and the 4900-6100 blocks of Swiss Avenue.
 The entire street of Swiss Avenue is not included within the bounds of the Swiss Avenue Historic District.
 Portions of the street run through Dallas' Peaks Suburban Addition neighborhood and Peak's Suburban Addition Historic District.
East Walnut Hills is a neighborhood in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
 Founded in 1867, originally as the independent incorporated village of Woodburn, East Walnut Hills is a diverse neighborhood, both ethnically and economically.
 It has long been known as a very fashionable neighborhood and home to many prominent Cincinnatians.
 The neighborhood includes the large historic district between the O'Bryonville business district (Evanston) and the DeSales Corner (East Walnut Hills), home to opulent mansions with large setbacks, as well as Annwood Park on Madison Road and the Bettman Preserve, an urban nature preserve.
 Large estates also exist along William Howard Taft Road, capitalizing on the views of the Ohio River and Downtown Cincinnati.
 Many older homes in the areas surrounding St. Ursula Academy, along East McMillan Street, are being subdivided and converted into condominiums.
 East Walnut Hills is home to the historic Saint Francis De Sales Catholic Church, at the intersection of Madison Road and Woodburn Avenue, and neighboring Purcell Marian High School.
