Derek Ernest Gilmor Briggs (born 10 January 1950) is an Irish palaeontologist and taphonomist based at Yale University.
 Briggs is one of three palaeontologists, along with Harry Blackmore Whittington and Simon Conway Morris, who were key in the reinterpretation of the fossils of the Burgess Shale.
 He is the Yale University G. Evelyn Hutchinson Professor of Geology and Geophysics; former Director, Peabody Museum of Natural History; and presently Curator of Invertebrate Paleontology at Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History.
<ref name="doi10.1126/science.256.5064.1670|noedit"> </ref>
The Cave of Adullam was originally a stronghold referred to in the Old Testament, near the town of Adullam, where future King David sought refuge from King Saul.
 The word "cave" is usually used but "fortress", which has a similar appearance in writing, is used as well.
 Wilhelm Gesenius' work "Hebrew and Chaldee Lexicon to the Old Testament Scriptures" provides notes supporting "Adullam" as meaning "a hiding place".
 Brown, Driver, and Briggs' Hebrew and English Lexicon of the Old Testament cite the Arabic word "'adula" to mean "turn aside" and suggest "Adullam" to mean "retreat, refuge".
Lauren Briggs (born 8 August 1979 in Stanford-Le-Hope) is a professional squash player who represents England.
 She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 18 in December 2008.
 She has twelve International tour titles accredited to her name, winning tournaments in America, Finland, France, Holland, Malaysia, Switzerland, England, Scotland and Wales.
 In February 2015, Briggs won the Over 35's Masters British National Championship, and in May 2015, she won the Over 35's British Open Championship.
 Her Masters success continued in September 2015 after winning the European Master's in Malmo, Sweden.
 Briggs' Masters success continued with wins at the Over 35's British Closed and British Open in 2016 and 2017.
 In September 2017 Briggs won the Over 35's European Masters Championship in Wroclaw, Poland.
Inverleith Harbour is a small bay between Andrews Point and Briggs Peninsula along the northeast coast of Anvers Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.
 It was presumably discovered by whalers working in this area who gave the name "Inverleith" or "Leith Harbour".
 "Inverleith Harbour" ("inver" meaning the place of meeting of rivers or where a river falls into the sea or lake) is recommended because the name "Leith Harbour" is used elsewhere in the Antarctic.
 Leith, Scotland, is the home of Salvesen and Company, a whaling firm which has operated extensively in Antarctic waters.
Randall James Briggs, Jr. (born February 27, 1978), credited professionally as James R. Briggs, Jr., is an American musician, best known as the keyboardist for the Orange County rock band The Aquabats, in which he has served as a member since 1997 under the stage name and persona of Jimmy the Robot.
 Briggs also portrayed this role on The Aquabats' television series "The Aquabats!
 Super Show!
" during the show's run from 2012 to 2014.
Jack Briggs is an American radio broadcaster.
Ivy Joan Tilsley (also Nelson and Brennan) is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", played by Lynne Perrie.
 She was originally credited as Ivy Tyldesley.
 Ivy worked as a machinist at Mike Baldwin's (Johnny Briggs) factory, and was elevated to supervisor.
 Her best friend was Vera Duckworth (Liz Dawn).
 In the 1975 episode where the factory was burnt down, Ivy mentions that she is childless and her husband's name is "Jack"; before that, her husband was called "Wilf Tyldesley", and before that "Arthur".
 Jack himself made two appearances in 1975.
 By the time she became a street resident and a more regular character, her husband was named "Bert" and they had an adult son, Brian (Christopher Quinten).
"For people named Jack Briggs, see Jack Briggs."
Jack Briggs (8 April 1916 – 1 June 1984) was an English cricketer.
 Briggs was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox.
 He was born at Haslingden, Lancashire.
Abonnema (originally known as Nyemoni, which means "covet your own" in the Kalabari dialect of the Ijaw languages group) is a larger town in the Kalabari kingdom that was founded in 1882.
 It was discovered by an expedition of a host of chiefs from the Kalabari town ("Elem Kalabari").
 These include Chief Young Briggs (a Kalabari warrior whose original name is Chief Inikeiroari Iso-owu Briggs) in Nigeria.
 Other warriors like Chief Ekine Manuel, Chief Otaji, Chief Owukori Manuel, Chief Jack, Chief Young-Jack, Chief Boy Whyte, Chief Black Duke, with many others following behind him with their people, and together they made the town of Abonnema a reality.
 The town is today one of three major towns in Kalabari, others being Bakana founded in 1880 and Buguma in 1884.
