The University of St Andrews (informally known as St Andrews University or simply St Andrews; abbreviated as St And, from the Latin "Sancti Andreae", in post-nominals) is a British public research university in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.
 It is the oldest of the four ancient universities of Scotland and the third oldest university in the English-speaking world (following Oxford and Cambridge Universities).
 St Andrews was founded between 1410 and 1413, when the Avignon Antipope Benedict XIII issued a papal bull to a small founding group of Augustinian clergy.
St Andrew's Castle is a picturesque ruin located in the coastal Royal Burgh of St Andrews in Fife, Scotland.
 The castle sits on a rocky promontory overlooking a small beach called Castle Sands and the adjoining North Sea.
 There has been a castle standing at the site since the times of Bishop Roger (1189-1202), son of the Earl of Leicester.
 It housed the burgh’s wealthy and powerful bishops while St Andrews served as the ecclesiastical centre of Scotland during the years before the Protestant Reformation.
 In their Latin charters, the Archbishops of St Andrews wrote of the castle as their Palace, signing, "apud Palatium nostrum."
The St Andrews Agreement (Irish: "Comhaontú Chill Rímhinn" ; Ulster Scots: "St Andra's 'Greement", "St Andrew's Greeance" or "St Andrae's Greeance") was an agreement between the British and Irish governments and Northern Ireland's political parties in relation to the devolution of power in the region.
 The agreement resulted from multi-party talks held in St Andrews in Fife, Scotland, from 11 to 13 October 2006, between the two governments and all the major parties in Northern Ireland, including the two largest, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Féin.
 It resulted in the restoration of the Northern Ireland Assembly, the formation (on 8 May 2007) of a new Northern Ireland Executive and a decision by Sinn Féin to support the Police Service of Northern Ireland, courts and rule of law.
The Old Course at St Andrews is one of the oldest golf courses in the world, a public course over common land in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.
 It is held in trust by The St Andrews Links Trust under an act of Parliament.
 The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews club house sits adjacent to the first tee, although it is but one of many clubs that have playing privileges on the course, along with the general public.
St Andrews Links in the town of St Andrews, Fife, Scotland, is regarded as the "Home of Golf".
 It has one of the oldest courses in the world, where the game has been played since the 15th century.
 Today there are seven public golf courses; the Balgove, Eden, Jubilee, Strathtyrum, New, the Old Course (which is widely considered one of the finest, and certainly the most famous and traditional course in the world), and The Castle Course, sited on the cliffs a mile to the east of St Andrews and designed by the architect David McLay Kidd, which opened in June 2008.
 The courses of St Andrews Links are owned by the local authorities and operated by St Andrews Links Trust, a charitable organization.
 St Andrews is also home to the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews, one of the most prestigious golf clubs and until 2004 one of the two rulemaking authorities of golf (in that year, the Royal and Ancient Club passed on its rulemaking authority to an offshoot organisation, The R&A).
St Andrews Community Hospital is a small hospital to the south of the university town of St Andrews in Fife, Scotland.
 The 10800 m2 complex hosts the town's three General Medical Practices, a pharmacy, and a range of inpatient and outpatient health services.
 A Minor Injuries Unit handles lesser accidents such as lacerations and fractures; full Accident and Emergency services are available at nearby Ninewells Hospital in Dundee, and Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy.
 The hospital is operated by NHS Fife, and serves the town of St Andrews and surrounding villages in North East Fife.
St Leonards School, formerly St Leonards and St Katharines School, is an independent school founded by the University of St Andrews in the nineteenth century.
 It is located in St Andrews, Fife, on the east coast of Scotland, today situated on one site in private grounds, just south of the town's historic cathedral and within the walls of the medieval Priory.
 Although originally established in 1877 by University of St Andrews professors and their wives amid the increased demand for women's education, the school is now fully co-educational, taking boys and girls aged 5 to 18, with the option of boarding from age 12.
 In 2005, "The Sunday Times" named St Leonards its "Scottish Independent School of the Year".
The Prior of St Andrews was the head of the property and community of Augustinian canons of St Andrews Cathedral Priory, St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.
 It was established by King David I in 1140 with canons from Nostell Priory, West Yorkshire.
 It is possible that, initially at least, the prior of St Andrews was subordinate to the bishop as abbot, but by the 13th century the canons of St Andrews were given freedom by the bishop to elect their prior.
 By the end of the 13th century, the abbacy of the native canons (i.e. the "Céli Dé", or Culdees) was no longer there to challenge the position of the priory, and the native canons themselves had been formed into a collegiate church.
The Cathedral of St Andrew (often referred to as St Andrews Cathedral) is a ruined Roman Catholic cathedral in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.
 It was built in 1158 and became the centre of the Medieval Catholic Church in Scotland as the seat of the Archdiocese of St Andrews and the Bishops and Archbishops of St Andrews.
 It fell into disuse and ruin after Catholic mass was outlawed during the 16th-century Scottish Reformation.
 It is currently a monument in the custody of Historic Scotland.
 The ruins indicate that the building was approximately 119 m long, and is the largest church to have been built in Scotland.
The Archdeaconry of St Andrews was a sub-division of the diocese of St Andrews, one of two archdeaconries within the diocese.
 The St Andrews archdeaconry was headed by the Archdeacon of St Andrews, a subordinate of the Bishop of St Andrews.
 In the medieval period, the Archdeaconry of St Andrews contained five deaneries with a total of 124 parish churches.
 The deaneries were Mearns (14 churches), Angus (38 churches), Gowrie (20 churches), Fife (28 churches) and Fothriff (24 churches).
