The MCW Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling heavyweight championship owned by the MCW Pro Wrestling (MCW) promotion.
 The title was created and debuted on October 11, 1998 at a MCW live event.
 In 2003, MCW ceased operations; at its last show MCW Last Dance on July 16, the MCW Heavyweight Championship was unified with the FTW Heavyweight and the MEWF Heavyweight Championships, when then–MCW Heavyweight Champion Danny Doring defeated MEWF Heavyweight Champion Romeo Valentino and FTW Heavyweight Champion Chris Chetti.
 MCW reopened in 2005 and held its first show on October 1, 2005, titled Fort Meade Wrestling.
 The MCW Heavyweight Championship was reinstated on March 26, 2006 at MCW's The Phenomenal Final Four event, where Julio Dinero won a tournament to become the champion.
The UCW-Zero Heavyweight Championship is the primary singles championship title in Ultra Championship Wrestling-Zero.
 It was first won by Blitz Mason in March 2003 and defended throughout the state of Utah, most often Salt Lake City, Utah, but also in the Rocky Mountains and the Southwest United States.
 The title was formerly recognized by AWA Superstars from 2005 to 2007, and then by the National Wrestling Alliance when the promotion became an NWA territory that same year.
 On February 26, 2011, the UCW-Zero Heavyweight Championship was around the waist of Los Mochis Paco until it was stolen by Tyler Cintron after Junior X attacked Paco.
 Later, Paco retrieved his belt back from Tyler Cintron.
 The following show however, Tyler Cintron walks into the ring with his own UCW-Zero Heavyweight Championship.
 UCW Director Blitz decide to make a Triple Threat TLC Match to determine the Undisputed UCW-Zero Heavyweight Champion which took place on June 4, 2011.
 Los Mochis Paco was the victor to become the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion.
 It would however be short lived because Los Mochis Paco was attacked by Black Out in the back and broke his leg and was unable to defend it.
 Two Weeks later on June 18, 2011, Director for the night and Former 4 time UCW-Zero Heavyweight Champion Martin Casaus made a Gauntlet Match to determine a New Champion.
 In the end, it was Junior X that prevailed and became the NEW UCW-Zero Heavyweight Champion.
 2011 Rocky Mountain Rumble Champion Kid Kade went on to win the UCW-Zero Heavyweight Champion after defeating Junior X at "Meltdown Mayhem" on August 13, 2011.
WEC 20: Cinco de Mayhem was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting that took place on May 5, 2006 at Tachi Palace Hotel & Casino in Lemoore, California.
 "WEC 20"'s main event was a heavyweight bout between Brian Olsen and Mike Kyle.
Law School Transparency is a nonprofit advocacy organization.
 LST was founded by Vanderbilt Law School graduates Kyle McEntee and Patrick Lynch.
 LST describes its mission as "to make entry to the legal profession more transparent, affordable, and fair."
Brandon Michael Vera (born October 10, 1977) is a Filipino-American mixed martial artist currently signed with ONE Championship.
 A professional competitor since 2002, he has formerly competed for the UFC and the WEC.
 Vera is the 2005 WEC Heavyweight Grand Prix Champion.
 He is currently the ONE Championship Heavyweight Champion.
Iron Mike Productions (formerly Acquinity Sports) was a boxing promotion company, based in Deerfield Beach, Florida, United States.
 Acquinity Sports was founded in 2012 by Garry Jonas, CEO of Acquinity Interactive.
 Jonas partnered with former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson in 2013, and changed the name of the company to Iron Mike Productions.
 They represent a diverse roster of boxers., including two-time Iraq War Veteran and undefeated Sammy Vazquez, Jr., Ukrainian amateur world champion, Ivgen Khytrov, super bantamweight champion JC Payano, and top U.S. amateur prospect, Erickson Lubin.
James Lee Irvin (born September 12, 1978) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of Bellator MMA.
 A professional competitor since 2003, Irvin is the former WEC Heavyweight Champion and has also competed in the UFC, Strikeforce and KSW.
Brian Olsen (born 1975) is an American former mixed martial artist who fought mainly in World Extreme Cagefighting.
 He was the last WEC Heavyweight Champion before it was abolished when Zuffa purchased the organization.
Shannon Grey Ritch (born September 27, 1970) is an American professional mixed martial artist, boxer, professional wrestler and kickboxer, known for being the former Gladiators Challenge Heavyweight Champion and KOTC Middleweight Champion also current RUF Interim Heavyweight Champion and IFC Middleweight Champion.
 A professional competitor since 1998, Ritch has competed for the MFC, Pancrase, K-1, PRIDE, Rebel Fighting Championship, King of the Cage and the WEC.
 Ritch has also has been featured in two episodes of Walker, Texas Ranger as a Biker Gang Member and a character named Knight, Choke in 2011 as an extra, CSI Las Vegas as Thug #2, an episode of iCarly as a MMA Fighter, an episode of Numbers in 2010, an episode of Ultimate Soldier Challenge on the History Channel representing a military contracting company and most recently in 2017 the direct to DVD film, directed by Robert Parham, Bullets, Blades and Blood and upcoming in 2018 No Way Out directed by Jeffrey D. Parker.
 Shannon claims he has over 200 professional MMA fights 112 wins, 88 losses and 2 draws, some fights going undocumented and dating back as far as 1991.
 His documented record of fights goes back to 1998 with a record of 56 wins, 81 loses, and 4 draws.
 Shannon also holds a 2-1 record in professional boxing and a 25-2 record in bare knuckle boxing with all of his wins coming by way of knockout, in 2017 he was inducted into the Bare Knuckle Boxing Hall of Fame and also plans to round out his boxing career in 2018 against boxing superstar Bobby Gunn.
 Ritch is also an occasional professional wrestler, recently in mid 2017 main eventing a card in Guyana.
 Shannon has also found success as a grappler winning multiple NAGA, Grapplers Quest and Abu Dhabi Combat Club competitions, most recently winning a gold medal in the super heavyweight division at the Grand Canyon 2017 BJJ Open in Arizona and a silver medal at the '17 Arizona State BJJ Championships.
 Ritch is also an avid golf player, winning 1st place in many state and pro am competitions held within his native Arizona as recent as 2017.
The WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship and the top title contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion, the World Wrestling Council.
 The championship was established in July 1982, as the WWC World Heavyweight Championship, when the company was named Capitol Sports Promotions.
 The championship received its current name following a match between Carlos Colón (WWC World Heavyweight Champion) and Ric Flair (NWA World Heavyweight Champion) where the "Champion of the Universe" was supposed to be determined.
 The first champion was Abdullah the Butcher, who was billed as champion upon the title's creation.
 Since being established, the WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship has been held by forty-nine different wrestlers and has also been held up on nineteen occasions and vacated or stripped thirteen times.
