"Dexter" is an American television drama that was broadcast on the premium cable channel Showtime from October 1, 2006 to September 22, 2013.
 A total of 96 episodes of "Dexter" were broadcast over eight seasons.
 The series is based on characters created by Jeff Lindsay for his "Dexter" series of novels.
 The series follows the life of Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall), a Miami Metro Police Department blood pattern analyst with a double life.
 While investigating murders in the homicide division, Dexter hunts and kills murderers and criminals who have escaped the justice system.
 Although the first season is based on the events of "Darkly Dreaming Dexter", the series' subsequent seasons do not follow the novels in the series.
 Departing from the narrative of Lindsay's second Dexter novel "Dearly Devoted Dexter", the show's writer Daniel Cerone said that the writers "didn't see the opportunity in the second book" to adapt it.
"The British Invasion" is the twelfth episode and finale of the second season, and twenty-fourth overall episode, of the American television drama series "Dexter", which first aired on 16 December 2007 on Showtime in the United States.
 The episode was written by Daniel Cerone (based on a story by Cerone and Melissa Rosenberg) and was directed by Steve Shill.
 In the episode, Lila Tournay (Jaime Murray) finds Sgt. James Doakes (Erik King) imprisoned in an Everglades cabin and learns from him that her object of affection, Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall), is the serial killer known as the "Bay Harbor Butcher".
 She decides to help Dexter and kills Doakes by setting the cabin on fire.
 Meanwhile, Dexter's sister Debra (Jennifer Carpenter) questions whether her career is more important than her relationship with FBI Special Agent Frank Lundy (Keith Carradine).
Dexter is an American television crime drama mystery series that aired on Showtime from October 1, 2006, to September 22, 2013.
 Set in Miami, the series centers on Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall), a forensic technician specializing in blood spatter pattern analysis for the fictional Miami Metro Police Department, who leads a secret parallel life as a vigilante serial killer, hunting down murderers who have slipped through the cracks of the justice system.
 The show's first season was derived from the novel "Darkly Dreaming Dexter" (2004), the first of the Dexter series novels by Jeff Lindsay.
 It was adapted for television by screenwriter James Manos, Jr., who wrote the first episode.
 Subsequent seasons evolved independently of Lindsay's works.
Michael Carlyle Hall (born February 1, 1971) is an American actor, known for his roles as Dexter Morgan, a serial killer and blood spatter analyst, in the Showtime TV Network series "Dexter", and as David Fisher in the HBO drama series "Six Feet Under".
 In 2010, Hall won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his role in "Dexter".
"The Damage a Man Can Do" is the eighth episode of the third season of the American television drama series "Dexter", which first aired on November 16, 2008 on Showtime in the United States.
 The episode was written by Scott Buck and directed by Marcos Siega.
 In the episode, assistant district attorney Miguel Prado (Jimmy Smits) asks Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall) for his assistance in killing a murderous gambler.
 Meanwhile, Dexter's sister Ofr.
 Debra Morgan (Jennifer Carpenter) finds her boyfriend and informant Anton Briggs (David Ramsey) to be missing after she tells him that he is no longer legally obligated to work for her.
Vincent "Vince" Masuka (Masuoka in the books) is a fictional character in the Showtime television series "Dexter" and the novels by Jeff Lindsay upon which the series is based.
 On television he is portrayed by Korean-American C. S. Lee.
 Masuka is the Miami Metro Police lead forensic science investigator; he works alongside Dexter Morgan in the lab and at crime scenes.
 He often cracks tasteless and inappropriate jokes, when convenient invokes his Japanese heritage and harbors unrequited desire for Dexter's foster sister Debra.
 Although goofy and obsessed with sex, he is clever and very good at his job, causing Dexter to worry from time to time that Masuka will uncover his secret.
Sage Kirkpatrick is an actress probably best known for playing Dexter Morgan's mother, Laura Moser, in the Showtime TV drama series, "Dexter".
Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a 2004 novel by Jeff Lindsay, the first in his series about serial killer Dexter Morgan.
 It formed the basis of the Showtime television series "Dexter" and won the 2005 Dilys Award and the 2007 Book to TV award.
"It's Alive!"
 is the second season premiere and thirteenth overall episode of the American television drama series "Dexter", which first aired on September 30, 2007 on Showtime in the United States.
 The episode was written by Daniel Cerone and was directed by Tony Goldwyn.
 In the episode, which takes place five weeks after the first-season finale, Sgt. James Doakes (Erik King) is following Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall) at all times, but when he gets his first opportunity Dexter finds himself unable to kill.
 Meanwhile, his sister Debra (Jennifer Carpenter) returns to work after her ex-fiancé Brian tried to kill her, and his girlfriend Rita Bennett (Julie Benz) refuses to believe that Dexter sent her ex-husband Paul (Mark Pellegrino) to prison in spite of the evidence in front of her.
"Hello, Dexter Morgan" is the 11th and penultimate episode of the fourth season of Showtime TV series, Dexter, which aired on December 6, 2009.
 The police team attempt to get Christine Hill to talk while Dexter frames another man in order to get Arthur Mitchell, the Trinity Killer, all to himself.
