Will Rogers High School, located at 3909 E. 5th Place in Tulsa, Oklahoma, was built by Tulsa Public Schools in 1939 using WPA workers and designed by Joseph R. Koberling, Jr. and Leon B. Senter.
 It was named for the humorist Will Rogers, who died in 1935, along with Wiley Post in a plane crash.
 Significant additions were made to the original structure in 1949 and 1964.
 The alterations were in keeping with the original design and did not detract from the school's architectural or historical significance.
 It has been called "... one of the best examples of Art Deco high school architecture...in the United States.
Rogers High School is a public high school located in Rogers, Minnesota, United States, and is part of the Elk River School District 728.
John R. Rogers High School is a four-year public secondary school in Spokane, Washington, part of Spokane Public Schools (District No. 81).
 Opened in 1932 in northeast Spokane, the school is named after John Rankin Rogers, the third governor of the State of Washington.
Governor John R. Rogers High School is a high school in the Puyallup School District of Washington, United States.
 Commonly referred to as "Rogers" or "RHS," the high school is named after former Washington State governor John Rankin Rogers.
 It was first opened in 1968.
Wyoming High School is a public high school located in Wyoming, Michigan and is part of the Wyoming Public Schools District in Kent County, Michigan.
 Wyoming High School was formed from the combination of Wyoming Park High School and Rogers High School
Rogers High School is a 3A public high school located in Rogers, Texas (USA).
 It is part of the Rogers Independent School District located in southeastern Bell County.
 In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Rogers High School is a public high school for students in grades nine through twelve located in Rogers, Arkansas.
 Rogers High School is managed by the Rogers School District and served by the main feeder schools of Elmwood Middle School and Kirksey Middle School.
John Rankin Rogers (September 4, 1838 – December 26, 1901) was the third Governor of the state of Washington.
 Elected as a member of the People's Party before switching his affiliation to the Democratic Party, Rogers was elected to two consecutive terms in 1896 and 1900, but died before completing his fifth year in office.
Waterloo Community Unit School District is a unified school district located in Waterloo, which is both one of the largest cities in and the county seat of Monroe County, which is located in the southwest reaches of the state of Illinois.
 It is composed of five schools: three elementary schools, one junior high school, and one senior high school.
 W. J. Zahnow Elementary School serves students in grades PK-1; this picks up at Rogers Elementary School, which educates students anywhere in between second grade and third grade.
 Gardner Elementary School educates students anywhere in between fourth grade and fifth grade.
 Waterloo Junior High School serves grades six through eight, while this picks up at Waterloo High School, which serves the last of the four grades.
 The current superintendent of Waterloo's school district is Brian Charon.
 The principal of Zahnow Elementary is Mary Gardner; the principal at Rogers Elementary is named Brian Smith; Nick Schwartz governs Waterloo Junior High School; and lastly, Lori Costello is principal of Waterloo Senior High School.
Riverside High School is a public high school in Painesville Township, Lake County, Ohio.
 It is the only high school in the Riverside Local School District (prior to July 2007, the Painesville Township Local School District).
 The Riverside Campus houses John R. Williams Junior High School, Riverside High School, the Football stadium, a bus garage, a field house, several baseball fields, the Board of Education, and the Weiss Media Center.
 The first classes were held in September 1949 and the first class of seniors graduated in 1952.
 The campus was originally two separate buildings- one for the lower grades, and the second for the upper grades.
 In the late 1990s, The John J. Weiss Media Center was built connecting the two buildings with four computer classrooms, a television studio, and a library.
