Sania Mirza and Mahesh Bhupathi were the defending champions.
 They accepted the invitation for the tournament, but withdrew before their match against Carly Gullickson and Bernard Tomic and were replaced by Akgul Amanmuradova and Rik de Voest.
Carly Gullickson (born November 26, 1986) is a former American professional tennis player.
Carly Gullickson and Travis Parrott were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Gisela Dulko and Pablo Cuevas 2–6, 4–6.
Carly Gullickson and María Emilia Salerni were the defending champions, but Gullickson decided not to participate this year.
 Salerni partnered with Marion Bartoli, but withdrew from their semifinal match against Līga Dekmeijere and Ashley Harkleroad.
Gisela Dulko and Květa Peschke were the defending champions, but competed this year with different partners.
 Dulko teamed up with Michaëlla Krajicek and lost in first round to Eleni Daniilidou and Jasmin Wöhr, while Peschke teamed up with Francesca Schiavone and had to withdrew in their semifinal match (against Corina Morariu and Katarina Srebotnik) as Schiavone had her right knee injured.
Alisa Kleybanova and Francesca Schiavone were the defending champions.
 Both were present, but competed with different partners.Kleybanova competed with Hsieh Su-wei, but lost in the first round to Benešová and Záhlavová-Strýcová, while Schiavone competed with Tathiana Garbin, however withdrew before their quarterfinal match against Lisa Raymond and Rennae Stubbs.
Francesca Schiavone (] ; born 23 June 1980 in Milan) is an Italian tennis player who turned professional in 1998.
 She won the 2010 French Open singles title, becoming the first Italian woman to win a Grand Slam event in singles.
 She was also runner-up at the 2011 French Open.
 Her career high ranking is world No. 4, achieved on 31 January 2011.
 To date, Schiavone is the last one handed-backhand player to win a Grand Slam title on the women's tour.
Alicia Molik and Francesca Schiavone were the defending champions, but Molik did not compete this year.
 Schiavone teamed up with Květa Peschke and lost in querterfinals to Elena Likhovtseva and Vera Zvonareva.
Květa Peschke and Francesca Schiavone were the defending champions, but Schiavone chose not to participate, and only Peschke competed that year.
Chuang Chia-jung and Hsieh Su-wei were the defending champion, but Hsieh chose not to participate that year.
 Chuang partnered with Yan Zi, but they lost in the semifinals against Chan Yung-jan and Abigail Spears.
Chan Yung-jan and Abigail Spears won in the final 6–3, 6–4 against Carly Gullickson and Nicole Kriz.
