Patrick Corrigan is a US-based author and advocate for people with a mental illness, particularly in relation to the issue of stigma.
 He has written more than ten books and more than 300 papers specialising in issues related to mental illness.
 In 1998, Corrigan was added to the Who's Who of the World.
 Corrigan resides in Northern Illinois.
Semyon Davidovich Aranovich (Ukrainian: Семён Аранович, 23 July 1934, Derazhnya, Ukraine, Soviet Union – 8 September 1996, Hamburg, Germany) was a Soviet and Russian film director.
Semyon Aronovich Gershgorin (August 24, 1901 – May 30, 1933) was a Soviet (born in Pruzhany, Belarus, Russian Empire) mathematician.
 He began as a student at the Petrograd Technological Institute in 1923, became a Professor in 1930, and was given an appointment at the Leningrad Mechanical Engineering Institute in the same year.
 His contributions include the Gershgorin circle theorem.
The Year of the Dog (Russian: Год собаки , "God sobaki " ) is a 1994 Russian drama film directed by Semyon Aranovich.
 It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.
In topology, the nerve of an open covering is a construction of an abstract simplicial complex from an open covering of a topological space "X" that captures many of the interesting topological properties in an algorithmic or combinatorial way.
 It was introduced by Pavel Alexandrov.
 and now has many variants and generalisations, among them the Čech nerve of a cover, which in turn is generalised by hypercoverings.
Confrontation or (Russian: Противостояние , "Protivostoyanie " ) is a 1985 Soviet six-part television film directed by Semyon Aranovich based on the novel by Yulian Semyonov.
Rafferty or (Russian: Рафферти , "Rafferty " ) is a Soviet 1980 drama television film directed by Semyon Aranovich and based on the novel by American writer Lionel White.
Pavel Samuilovich Urysohn (Па́вел Самуи́лович Урысо́н ) (February 3, 1898 – August 17, 1924) was a Soviet mathematician of Jewish origin who is best known for his contributions in dimension theory, and for developing Urysohn's Metrization Theorem and Urysohn's Lemma, both of which are fundamental results in topology.
 His name is also commemorated in the terms Urysohn universal space, Fréchet–Urysohn space, Menger–Urysohn dimension and Urysohn integral equation.
 He and Pavel Alexandrov formulated the modern definition of compactness in 1923.
In the mathematical field of topology, the Alexandroff extension is a way to extend a noncompact topological space by adjoining a single point in such a way that the resulting space is compact.
 It is named for the Russian mathematician Pavel Alexandrov.
In mathematics, the Gershgorin circle theorem may be used to bound the spectrum of a square matrix.
 It was first published by the Soviet mathematician Semyon Aronovich Gershgorin in 1931.
 The spelling of S. A. Gershgorin's name has been transliterated in several different ways, including Geršgorin, Gerschgorin, Gershgorin, Hershhorn, and Hirschhorn.
