"The Snowmen" is an episode of the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", first broadcast on Christmas Day 2012 on BBC One.
 It is the eighth "Doctor Who" Christmas special since the show's 2005 revival and the first to be within a series.
 It was written by head writer and executive producer Steven Moffat and directed by Saul Metzstein.
"The Name of the Doctor" is the thirteenth and final episode of the seventh series of the British science-fiction drama "Doctor Who" and was broadcast on 18   2013 (2013--) .
 It was written by Steven Moffat and directed by Saul Metzstein.
Chris Richmond is a British film and television production designer.
 Having read architecture at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne, he started his career in the film industry in 1998 as an art department runner on the BBC drama 'Births, marriages and deaths', starring Ray Winstone, Mark Strong and Phil Davis.
 He moved up to standby Art Director and worked on a number of award winning films and television dramas including "Control", "Endgame" and "The Queen's Sister".
 During his career, Richmond has worked with a number of notable directors, including Pete Travis, Simon Cellan Jones, Jez Butterworth, Saul Metzstein, Carol Morley and Matt Hope.
"The Crimson Horror" is the eleventh episode of the seventh series of the British science-fiction drama "Doctor Who".
 It was written by Mark Gatiss and directed by Saul Metzstein.
The first season of the American legal comedy-drama Suits originally aired on USA Network in the United States between June 23, 2011 and September 8, 2011.
 The season was produced by Hypnotic Films & Television and Universal Cable Productions, and the executive producers were Doug Liman, David Bartis and series creator Aaron Korsh.
 The series revolves around corporate lawyer Harvey Specter and his associate attorney Mike Ross who, between the two of them, have only one law degree.
 The season had six series regulars playing employees at the fictional Pearson Hardman law firm in Manhattan: Gabriel Macht, Patrick J. Adams, Rick Hoffman, Meghan Markle, Sarah Rafferty, and Gina Torres.
Jumper is a 2008 American science fiction action film loosely based on the 1992 science fiction novel of the same name written by Steven Gould.
 The film is directed by Doug Liman and stars Hayden Christensen, Jamie Bell, Rachel Bilson, Max Thieriot, AnnaSophia Robb, Diane Lane, Michael Rooker, and Samuel L. Jackson.
 The film follows a young man capable of teleporting as he is chased by a secret society intent on killing him.
 The script went through a rewrite prior to filming and the roles for the main characters were changed during production.
 "Jumper" was filmed in 20 cities in 14 countries between 2006-07.
 The film was released on February 14, 2008, and the soundtrack was released five days later on February 19.
 The film held the first position in its opening weekend with $27.3 million, but received generally unfavourable reviews from critics, mostly due to the many changes from Gould's novel, rushed plot and anti-climactic ending.
Guy X is a 2005 black comedy war film directed by Saul Metzstein, based on the novel "No One Thinks Of Greenland" by John Griesemer.
 The movie stars Jason Biggs, Natascha McElhone, Jeremy Northam, and Michael Ironside.
"A Town Called Mercy" is the third episode of the seventh series of the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", transmitted on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 15 September 2012.
 It was written by Toby Whithouse and directed by Saul Metzstein.
Saul Metzstein (born 30 December 1970) is a Scottish film director.
 He is the son of renowned modernist architect Isi Metzstein, and Danielle Kahn.
 Metzstein was raised in Glasgow.
 He came to prominence with the 2001 feature "Late Night Shopping" (2001).
"Dinosaurs on a Spaceship" is the second episode of the seventh series of the British science fiction television programme "Doctor Who".
 It first aired on BBC One in the UK on 8 September 2012 and on BBC America on the same date in the United States.
 It was written by Chris Chibnall and directed by Saul Metzstein.
