Texas are a Scottish pop rock band from Glasgow.
 They were founded in 1986 by Johnny McElhone (formerly of the bands Altered Images and Hipsway) and Sharleen Spiteri on lead vocals.
 Texas made their performing debut in March 1988 at the University of Dundee.
 They took their name from the 1984 Wim Wenders movie "Paris, Texas".
This is the discography for Scottish alternative rock singer, Sharleen Spiteri.
 For her work within the Scottish rock band Texas, see Texas discography.
 Her debut solo album "Melody" was released in 2008 and charted at number 3 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Her second solo album, "The Movie Songbook", was released on 1 March 2010.
"It Was You" is the third single released off Sharleen Spiteri's first solo album "Melody".
 It was originally rumoured to be the second single due to it being on the albums sticker but it turned out to be "Stop, I Don't Love You Anymore", it was later announced to be the third single on Sharleen Spiteri's official website, it was released as digital download on December 1, 2008, following the single "Stop, I Don't Love You Anymore".
The Conversation is the eighth album from Scottish rock band Texas.
 It was released on 20 May 2013.
 Tracks are written mainly by Sharleen Spiteri and Johnny McElhone, with Richard Hawley and Bernard Butler as collaborators.
 "The Conversation" is the group's first studio album of new material since "Red Book" in 2005.
 Title track "The Conversation" was released as the first single from the album in April 2013, followed by up-beat Pop Rock "Detroit City", both of which received a decent amount of UK airplay, including on BBC Radio 2's playlist.
First Contact is the debut studio album by American house producer Roger Sanchez, released in July 2001 by Defected Records.
 After establishing himself as a popular DJ and remixer throughout the 1990s, Sanchez decided he wanted to create more of his own music and record a studio album, feeling he had "a bit of a story to tell with [his life]," and conceived the album to be a very personal "reflection of his life", recording the album from 1997–2001.
 Music critics have described "First Contact" as a disco house album which displays a disparate array of influences and styles, including garage, Latin and electro.
 Numerous guest vocalists, including Cooly's Hot Box, N'Dea Davenport and Sharleen Spiteri, contribute vocals to the album.
The Movie Songbook is the second studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter Sharleen Spiteri.
 It was released on 1 March 2010.
 The album consists of film song covers, chosen and recorded by Spiteri in 2009.
"All the Times I Cried" is the debut solo single by Texas lead singer, Sharleen Spiteri, from her debut solo album, "Melody".
 It was digitally released in the U.K. on June 30, 2008, and physically released on July 7, 2008.
 It was taken from The Shangri Las song 'Out In The Streets'.
Melody is the debut solo album by Sharleen Spiteri, lead singer of the Scottish band Texas.
 It was released on 14 July 2008 and peaked at number three in the UK Albums Chart.
"Stop I Don't Love You Anymore" is the second single from Sharleen Spiteri's first solo album "Melody".
 It was slated for a September 29, 2008 release, but then for unknown reasons it was pushed back and finally got released on October 6, 2008 as a digital download only single.
 This song failed to chart inside the top 100 UK singles, peaking only at #107.
Red Book is the seventh album from Scottish rock band Texas.
 It was released on 7 November 2005 and entered the UK Albums Chart at #16.
 It is named after the little red book that singer Sharleen Spiteri used to write the album songs.
 The album yielded two UK Top Ten singles, "Getaway" and "Sleep" and the UK Top 20 single, "Can't Resist".
 Four of the album's tracks were co-written with Brian Higgins of Xenomania — "Can't Resist", "Cry", "Get Down Tonight" and "Bad Weather".
