Ramsay Wilson Gilderdale (born 5 August 1962 in Wakefield, West Yorkshire) is an English actor, who played Guy of Gisbourne in BBC comedy "Maid Marian and Her Merry Men".
 He also appeared in "Rumpole of the Bailey" and "Blackadder's Christmas Carol".
Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood is a 2002 stealth-based real-time tactics video game developed by Spellbound Studios.
 It is similar to games such as "" and the "Commandos" series.
 In the game, the player controls up to five characters in a setting based on the stories of the protagonist, Robin Hood.
 The player can also control Robin Hood's Merry Men, including Little John, Friar Tuck, Will Scarlet, Will Stutely, and Maid Marian.
 Robin and his crew must evade the cruel Sheriff of Nottingham and his henchmen and stop the machinations of the vile usurper to England's throne, Prince John.
 However, Robin must avoid killing enemies as much as possible, or he will not be able to recruit as many new Merry Men.
Mike Edmonds (born 13 January 1944) is an English actor with dwarfism, known for his role as Little Ron in the children's television show "Maid Marian and Her Merry Men".
Lady Marian portrayed by Lucy Griffiths, is a character in the BBC television serial Robin Hood.
 She is the daughter of the former Sheriff of Nottingham.
 Marian is twenty-one years old, and in contrast to most Robin Hood legends, is not described as Maid Marian, but rather Lady Marian.
 "In those days [21] would be considered quite old to still be a maid," actress Lucy Griffiths explained in the "Radio Times" preview."
 She was engaged to Robin before he went to fight in the crusades but is visibly cold and aloof toward him on his return, although in episode twelve she admits that she considered him a hero even while calling him a fool.
 She was initially disapproving of Robin's outlaw status because she believed that the best way to fight injustice was to work inside the system.
 However, she aids him in his fight against the Sheriff by frequently spying for him and giving him inside information that she has picked up in the Sheriff's castle, and from Guy of Gisborne.
 Marian also fights the Sheriff in her own right, disguising herself as the Night Watchman and giving the poor food and supplies.
Helen Catherine "Kate" Lonergan (born 4 January 1962 in Barton-upon-Irwell, Lancashire) is an English former actress, best known for playing the role of Marian in the 1989–94 BBC One children's television series "Maid Marian and her Merry Men".
Adam Morris (also known as Wayne Morris) is a British stage and screen actor whose most notable roles have been Robin Hood (or Robin of Kensington) in the television comedy series "Maid Marian and Her Merry Men", and more recently, Philip Norton in "Genie in the House".
 Trained at London's Central School of Speech and Drama, his stage appearances include Bri in "A Day in the Death of Joe Egg" and Gordon in "The Throne" for the New Vic, and he appeared for one week in "Speed the Plow" at the Playhouse Theatre, London, opposite Lindsay Lohan while Richard Schiff was indisposed.
David Lloyd (born 17 May 1955) is an English actor and screenwriter, perhaps best known from his role in "Maid Marian and her Merry Men", where he played Graeme, one of the two guards (alongside Mark Billingham's Gary).
Howard Lew Lewis (born 21 August 1941) is an English comedian and actor, best known for his roles in comedy series including "Maid Marian and her Merry Men" and "Brush Strokes".
Maid Marian and her Merry Men is a British children's sitcom created and written by Tony Robinson and directed by David Bell.
 It began in 1989 on BBC One and ran for four series, with the last episode shown in 1994.
 The show was a partially musical comic retelling of the legend of Robin Hood, placing Maid Marian in the role of leader of the Merry Men, and reducing Robin to an incompetent ex-tailor.
The following is a list of the episodes of the BBC television series "Maid Marian and her Merry Men".
