David Hillel Lowy (born 31 December 1954) is an Australian businessman, aviator and musician.
 He is the eldest son of Westfield Corporation co-founder Frank Lowy and CEO of Lowy Family Group (LFG), the Family Office and private investment group of the Lowy family.
 He holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of New South Wales.
Westfield Doncaster (formerly Doncaster Shoppingtown) is a shopping centre 50% owned by Scentre Group and 25% owned by ISPT and 25% owned by Asia Property Fund (as of May 2015) located in Doncaster, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
 As of July 2014, the Westfield Group became two companies Scentre Group and Westfield Corporation.
 The Westfield Group portion is now owned by Scentre Group.
 It is located on the corner of Williamsons Road and Doncaster Road in the Doncaster Hill precinct, an ongoing planning initiative by the local Manningham council.
 It is located 20 minutes east of the CBD and is one of the biggest shopping centres in Victoria.
Westfield Group was an Australian shopping centre company that existed from 1960 to 2014, when it split into two independent companies: Scentre Group, which now owns and operates the Australian and New Zealand Westfield shopping centre portfolio; and Westfield Corporation which owns and operates the UK, Europe and US portfolio.
Sir Frank P. Lowy, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 22 October 1930) is an Australian-Israeli businessman and Chairman of Westfield Corporation, a global shopping centre company with US$29.3 billion of assets under management in the United States, United Kingdom and Europe.
 He is a former Chairman of Scentre Group, the owner and manager of Westfield-branded shopping centres in Australia and New Zealand.
Westfield Plaza Bonita, formerly Plaza Bonita and Westfield Shopping Town Plaza Bonita, is a shopping mall in National City, California, owned by the Westfield Group (now Westfield Corporation).
 Its anchor stores are JCPenney, AMC Theatres, Macy's, Target, Crunch Fitness (formerly Borders Group) and Nordstrom Rack
Westfield Parramatta is a shopping centre in Parramatta, a city within the Greater Sydney Metropolitan area Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
 The centre is owned and managed by The Westfield Group.
 In July 2014, the Westfield Group became two companies Scentre Group and Westfield Corporation.
 This shopping centre is now managed by Scentre Group.
 It has a net leasable area of approximately 137,407m² and contains 498 shops built over five levels, making it Australia's fourth largest shopping centre by Gross Leasable Area (GLA).
Westfield is a brand name for retail complexes owned by Westfield Corporation (United States and United Kingdom) and Scentre Group (Australia and New Zealand), companies specialising in retail centre development, ownership, operation and management.
 As the brand was founded in Australia, it has an extensive presence in the Australian retail management industry.
 It also has a large presence in the United States and to a lesser extent in both New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
 Westfield Corporation plans to open Europe's biggest shopping center in Milan, Italy.
Westfield World Trade Center is a shopping center at the World Trade Center complex in Manhattan, New York, United States, which is operated and managed by Westfield Corporation.
 The mall opened on August 16, 2016, replacing an earlier shopping center at the same location called The Mall at the World Trade Center, which was located in the concourse area of the original World Trade Center complex until it was destroyed during the September 11 attacks.
Westfield Palm Desert, is a regional shopping mall located in Palm Desert, California which serves the Coachella Valley.
 The mall is presently owned through a joint venture between O'Connor Capital Partners and Westfield Corporation.
Westfield Garden State Plaza is a two-story, upscale shopping mall located in Paramus, New Jersey, owned and managed by the Westfield Corporation, and located at the intersection of Route 4 and Route 17 near the Garden State Parkway, about 15 miles west of Manhattan.
 With 2,118,718 sqft of leasable space, and housing over 300 stores, it is the largest mall in New Jersey, the third-largest mall in the New York metropolitan area, and one of the highest-revenue producing malls in the United States.
 Its department store anchors are J.C. Penney, Lord & Taylor, Macy's, Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom.
 It was the first large scale shopping mall in New Jersey.
