The Children's Peace Monument (原爆の子の像 , Genbaku no Ko no Zō , lit.
 "Atomic Bomb Children Statue") is a monument for peace to commemorate Sadako Sasaki and the thousands of child victims of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima.
 This monument is located in Hiroshima, Japan.
 Sadako Sasaki, a young girl, died of leukemia from radiation of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima on 6 August 1945.
Muhammad Masud Ahmad, D.Phil, Sc.D, HI (twice), SI (Urdu: محمد مسعود احمد; born 1942), best known as Masood Ahmad, is a Pakistani theoretical physicist and ICTP laureate known for his work in dual resonance and Veneziano model, a strings sting mathematically described the fundamental forces and forms of matter in quantum state.
 Having specialised in Quantum and Statistical physics, Ahmad assisted and took part in the development of atomic bomb project as a member of Theoretical Physics Group, in the 1970s, and furthermore, took participation in the development of the atomic bomb programme.
Two Bombs, One Satellite (Chinese:两弹一星) was an early nuclear and space project of the People's Republic of China.
 "Two Bombs" refers to the Atomic bomb (and later the Hydrogen bomb) and Intercontinental Missile, while "One Satellite" refers to artificial satellites.
 China tested its first atomic bomb and hydrogen bomb in 1964 and 1967 respectively, while in 1970 the country successfully launched its first satellite (DFH-1).
 23 scientists involved in the project was awarded the title "Two bombs and one Satellite Award" (Chinese:两弹一星功勋奖章) in 1999.
"Little Boy" was the codename for the atomic bomb dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 during World War II by the Boeing B-29 Superfortress "Enola Gay", piloted by Colonel Paul W. Tibbets, Jr., commander of the 509th Composite Group of the United States Army Air Forces.
 It was the first atomic bomb to be used in warfare.
 The Hiroshima bombing was the second artificial nuclear explosion in history, after the Trinity test, and the first uranium-based detonation.
 It exploded with an energy of approximately 15 ktonTNT .
 The bomb caused significant destruction to the city of Hiroshima and its occupants.
The Nagasaki Atomic Bomb Museum (長崎原爆資料館 , Nagasaki Genbaku Shiryōkan ) is in the city of Nagasaki, Japan.
 The museum is a remembrance to the atomic bombing of Nagasaki by the United States of America 9 August 1945 at 11:02:35 am.
 Next to the museum is the Nagasaki National Peace Memorial Hall for the Atomic Bomb Victims, built in 2003, which marks the hypocenter of the event.
 The bombing marked a new era in war, making Nagasaki a symbolic location for a memorial.
 The counterpart in Hiroshima is the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum.
 These locations symbolize the nuclear age, remind visitors of the vast destruction and indiscriminate death caused by nuclear weapons, and signify a commitment to peace.
Julius Robert Oppenheimer (April 22, 1904 – February 18, 1967) was an American theoretical physicist and professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley.
 Oppenheimer was the wartime head of the Los Alamos Laboratory and is among those who are credited with being the "father of the atomic bomb" for their role in the Manhattan Project, the World War II undertaking that developed the first nuclear weapons used in the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
 The first atomic bomb was detonated on July 16, 1945, in the Trinity test in New Mexico; Oppenheimer later remarked that it brought to mind words from the "Bhagavad Gita": "Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."
Igor Vasilyevich Kurchatov (Russian: И́горь Васи́льевич Курча́тов ; 8(21) January 1903 – 7 February 1960), was a Soviet nuclear physicist who is widely known as the director of the Soviet atomic bomb project.
 Along with Georgy Flyorov and Andrei Sakharov, Kurchatov is widely remembered and dubbed as the "father of the Soviet atomic bomb" and later, "the father of the Soviet Nuclear Missile" for his directorial role in the development of the Soviet nuclear program, in a clandestine program during World War II formed in the wake of the USSR's discovery of the Western Allied efforts to develop nuclear weapons.
 After nine years of covert development, the Soviet Union successfully tested its first nuclear weapon, codenamed "First Lightning" at the Semipalatinsk Test Range in 1949.
 In 1954 he was awarded the USSR State Prize in physics.
The Day After Trinity (a.k.a.
 The Day After Trinity: J. Robert Oppenheimer and the Atomic Bomb) is a 1980 documentary film directed and produced by Jon H. Else in association with KTEH public television in San Jose, California.
 The film tells the story of J. Robert Oppenheimer (1904–1967), the theoretical physicist who led the effort to build the first atomic bomb, tested in July 1945 at Trinity site in New Mexico.
 Featuring candid interviews with several Manhattan Project scientists, as well as newly declassified archival footage, "The Day After Trinity" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature of 1980, and received a Peabody Award in 1981.
Munir Ahmad Khan (Urdu: ‎ ; b. 20 May 1926 – 22 April 1999; ), was a Pakistani nuclear engineer and a nuclear physicist, who served as the chairman of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) from 1972 to 1991.
 He is credited among the persons who are called as "father of the Pakistan's atomic bomb project", for their role in Pakistan's integrated atomic bomb project— the clandestine Cold war program.
 Khan was technical director of the programme to develop nuclear weapons, which led to the Chagai-I nuclear testing in May 1998 in Balochistan.
Jacob Beser (May 15, 1921 – June 16, 1992) was a lieutenant in the United States Army Air Forces who served during World War II.
 Beser was the radar specialist aboard the "Enola Gay" on August 6, 1945, when it dropped the Little Boy atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
 Three days later, Beser was a crewmember aboard "Bockscar" when the Fat Man bomb was dropped on Nagasaki.
 He was the only person to have served as a strike crew member of both of the 1945 atomic bomb missions.
