Romeo and Juliet is a 1954 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play of the same name.
 It was directed by Renato Castellani and stars Laurence Harvey as Romeo, Susan Shentall as Juliet, Flora Robson as the Nurse, Mervyn Johns as Friar Laurence, Bill Travers as Benvolio, Sebastian Cabot as Lord Capulet, Ubaldo Zollo as Mercutio, Enzo Fiermonte as Tybalt and John Gielgud as the Chorus.
Romeo Montague (Italian: "Romeo Montecchi" ) is the protagonist of William Shakespeare's tragedy "Romeo and Juliet".
 The son of Montague and his wife, he secretly loves and marries Juliet, a member of the rival House of Capulet.
 Forced into exile after slaying Juliet's cousin, Tybalt, in a duel, Romeo commits suicide upon hearing falsely of Juliet's death.
Rory Williams is a fictional character portrayed by Arthur Darvill in the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
 Having been introduced at the start of the 5th series, Rory joins the Eleventh Doctor (Matt Smith) as a companion in the middle of Series 5.
 As Amy Pond's fiancé, Rory is initially insecure because he believes Amy secretly loves the Doctor more.
 Later, however, he proves to be a hero in his own right and he and Amy marry.
 The couple conceive a daughter aboard the Doctor's time machine, the TARDIS, while in the time vortex, but their baby is kidnapped at birth.
 In "A Good Man Goes to War", Rory and Amy discover their time-traveler friend River Song is actually their daughter Melody Pond.
 The Doctor and River marry in "The Wedding of River Song", and Rory becomes the Doctor's father-in-law.
Benvolio is a fictional character in Shakespeare's drama "Romeo and Juliet".
 He is Montague's nephew and Romeo's cousin.
 Benvolio serves as an unsuccessful peacemaker in the play, attempting to prevent violence between the Capulet and Montague families.
Macbeth ( ; full title The Tragedy of Macbeth) is a tragedy by William Shakespeare; it is thought to have been first performed in 1606.
 It dramatises the damaging physical and psychological effects of political ambition on those who seek power for its own sake.
 Of all the plays that Shakespeare wrote during the reign of James I, who was patron of Shakespeare's acting company, "Macbeth" most clearly reflects the playwright's relationship with his sovereign.
 It was first published in the Folio of 1623, possibly from a prompt book, and is Shakespeare's shortest tragedy.
Juliet Capulet (Italian: "Giulietta Capuleti" ) is the female protagonist in William Shakespeare's romantic tragedy "Romeo and Juliet".
 Juliet is the only daughter of the patriarch of the House of Capulet and falls in love with Romeo, a member of the House of Montague (with which the Capulets have a blood feud).
 The story has a long history that precedes Shakespeare himself.
Prince Hamlet is the title character and protagonist of William Shakespeare's tragedy "Hamlet".
 He is the Prince of Denmark, nephew to the usurping Claudius, and son of King Hamlet, the previous King of Denmark.
 At the beginning of the play, he struggles with whether, and how, to avenge the murder of his father, and struggles with his own sanity along the way.
 By the end of the tragedy, Hamlet has caused the deaths of Polonius, Laertes, Claudius, and two acquaintances of his from the University of Wittenberg Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
 He is also indirectly involved in the deaths of his love Ophelia (drowning) and of his mother Gertrude (poisoned by Claudius by mistake).
Shakespearean tragedy is the designation given to most tragedies written by playwright William Shakespeare.
 Many of his history plays share the qualifiers of a Shakespearean tragedy, but because they are based on real figures throughout the History of England, they were classified as "histories" in the First Folio.
 The Roman tragedies—"Julius Caesar", "Antony and Cleopatra" and "Coriolanus"—are also based on historical figures, but because their source stories were foreign and ancient they are almost always classified as tragedies rather than histories.
 Shakespeare's romances (tragicomic plays) were written late in his career and published originally as either tragedy or comedy.
 They share some elements of tragedy featuring a high status central character but end happily like Shakespearean comedies.
 Several hundred years after Shakespeare's death, scholar F.S. Boas also coined a fifth category, the "problem play," for plays that don't fit neatly into a single classification because of their subject matter, setting, or ending.
 The classifications of certain Shakespeare plays are still debated among scholars.
Anna Devane is a fictional character from the original ABC Daytime soap opera, "General Hospital", played by Finola Hughes.
 Hughes also appeared as Anna on "All My Children", and the "General Hospital" prime time, spin-off series, "".
 The character first appeared on the April 10, 1985 episode of "General Hospital" as a fence.
 The character was created and introduced by executive producer, Gloria Monty, and co-head writers, Pat Falken Smith and Norma Monty.
 Upon her introduction, Anna is revealed to be the super spy ex-wife of Robert Scorpio and romantic rival to his current wife, Holly Sutton.
 Anna remained a prominent character in the series until 1992 due to her romantic pairings with Robert and former mobster, Duke Lavery.
 The storyline in which Duke tries to evade his criminal past with the Jerome family, allows for Duke and Anna to become one of the show's supercouples, along with Robert and Anna.
 However, the storyline ends in tragedy when Duke dies in Anna's arms.
 Robert and Anna eventually reunite to raise their daughter, Robin, and eventually remarry; the happiness is short lived and the duo are killed off in 1992 along with their rival, Cesar Faison.
Revenge tragedy (less commonly referred to as revenge drama, revenge play, or tragedy of blood) defines a genre of plays made popular in early modern England.
 Ashley H. Thorndike formally established this genre in his seminal 1902 article "The Relations of Hamlet to Contemporary Revenge Plays," which characterizes revenge tragedy "as a tragedy whose leading motive is revenge and whose main action deals with the progress of this revenge, leading to the death of the murderers and often the death of the avenger himself."
 Thomas Kyd's "The Spanish Tragedy" (c.1580s) is often considered the inaugural revenge tragedy on the early modern stage.
 However, more recent research extends early modern revenge tragedy to the 1560s with poet and classicist Jasper Heywood's translations of Seneca at Oxford University, including "Troas" (1559), "Thyestes" (1560), and "Hercules Furens" (1561).
 Additionally, Thomases Norton and Sackville's play "Gorbuduc" (1561) is considered an early revenge tragedy (almost twenty years prior to "The Spanish Tragedy").
 Other well-known revenge tragedies include William Shakespeare's "Hamlet" (c.1599-1602) and "Titus Andronicus" (c.1588-1593) and Thomas Middleton's "The Revenger's Tragedy" (c.1606).
