Ronald Reng is a German sports journalist and author.
 Of his books, two have been translated to English and both of them have been honored with book awards in the UK.
 "The Keeper of Dreams", the story of the German goalkeeper Lars Leese who ended up playing for Barnsley Football Club in the Premier League, won the "Sports Book of the Year Award" in 2004.
 It was the first foreign book to win the award.
 Reng's biography of the late German national goalkeeper Robert Enke, "" was voted William Hill Sports Book of the Year in 2011.
 Reng was the first non-English speaking author in 23 years to win the award.
Sam Stone is a British author of gothic, horror, fantasy, science fiction and more recently a playwright for film and stage.
 She is the commissioning editor of Telos Publishing imprint Telos Moonrise.
 Stone's debut novel "Gabriele Caccini" (authored as Paigan Stone) won the silver award for best horror novel 2007 with "ForeWord" in the USA.
 She was shortlisted for the August Derleth Award for Best Novel in the British Fantasy Awards for her second novel, "Futile Flame".
 This book was also a finalist in "ForeWord"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Book of the Year Awards in 2009 and the third book in the series, "Demon Dance", was also a finalist for the 2010 Foreword magazine Awards and won the August Derleth Award for Best Novel in the British Fantasy Awards 2011.
 This made her the first female writer to win the Award since Tanith Lee did so in 1980.
 However, after the awards were announced, there was controversy over the voting and so Stone publicly returned the Award, not wishing to be associated with something which might have been awarded erroneously.
 The BFS then declared that the voting was valid, but then in a later statement announced that the Best Novel would be declared a 'No Award' for that year.
 Stone was not consulted in this decision.
 She also won the Best Short Story Award in the British Fantasy Awards in the same year.
Hallie Elizabeth Ephron (born March 9, 1948) is an American novelist, book reviewer, journalist, and writing teacher.
 She is the author of mystery and suspense novels.
 Her novels "Never Tell a Lie," "There Was an Old Woman", "Come and Find Me", and "Night Night, Sleep Tight" were finalists for the Mary Higgins Clark Award.
 In 2011, "Never Tell a Lie" was made into a Lifetime television movie entitled "And Baby Will Fall", starring Anastasia Griffith, Brendan Fehr, and Clea DuVall.
Randall David Johnson (born September 10, 1963), nicknamed "The Big Unit", is an American former baseball pitcher who played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1988 to 2009 for six teams.
 He played primarily for the Seattle Mariners and the Arizona Diamondbacks.
 His 303 career victories rank as the fifth-most by a left-hander in MLB history, while his 4,875 strikeouts place him second all-time behind Nolan Ryan and are the most by a left-hander.
 He holds five of the seven highest single-season strikeout totals by a left-hander in modern history.
 Johnson won the Cy Young Award five times, second only to Roger Clemens' seven, and he is one of two pitchers (the other being Greg Maddux) to win the award four consecutive times (1999–2002).
 In 1999, he joined Pedro Martínez and Gaylord Perry in the rare feat of winning the award in both the American and National Leagues.
 He is also one of five pitchers to pitch no-hitters in both leagues.
 On May 18, 2004, at the age of forty, Johnson became the oldest pitcher in major league history to throw a perfect game.
 He is also one of eighteen pitchers in history to record a win against all 30 MLB franchises.
Ed Lin is a Taiwanese-American writer, actor and novelist.
 He is the first author to win three Asian American Literary Awards.
 His first novel, "Waylaid" (2002) won a Members' Choice Award at the Asian American Literary Awards and also a Booklist Editors' Choice Award in Fiction in 2002.
 Lin has written a series of crime novels revolving around Chinese-American cop Robert Chow set in 1976 New York City Chinatown, which begins in "This Is A Bust" (2007) (Kaya Press), which won a Members' Choice Award at the Asian American Literary Awards, and continues with "Snakes Can't Run" (2010) (Minotaur Books) and "One Red Bastard" (2012) (Minotaur Books).
The Bulldogs originally competed in the Group 16 Rugby League competition before making the switch to the South Coast during the 1930s.
 Their success was far from instantaneous.
 It took the club until 1987 to win their inaugural first-grade premiership after five decades competing in the league.
 They have enjoyed relatively good success, however, in recent times.
 The Bulldogs made the final in 2002 before going down to Batemans Bay at the Tigers home ground, Mackay Park.
 In 2004, the Dogs did the double winning the minor premiership and taking out the title with a classy 50-12 performance over fifth-place playoff winning side, Berry Magpies, at Berry Showground.
 The Bulldogs made it back-to-back titles in 2005, with another good performance in the final, defeating minor premiers Albion Park-Oak Flats Eagles at Centenary Park, Albion Park, 34-22.
 In 2008, the Bulldogs took home the title again, this time win a home victory over minor premiers Shellharbour 36-24.
 In 2013 the Bulldogs formed their first Women's League Tag team.
 In 2014 with former Shark Captain/player and Daly M Award winner David Hatch coaching helped lead the girls to a 12-8 win over Kiama Knights in the Premiership Grand Final.
 Player of the match E. Haynes.
 2014 Top point and try scorer for the club went to Ebony Murray.
 And Group 7 Player of the Year went to Cheyanne Hatch.
 The girls were Minor Premiers in 2015 when through undefeated but unfortunately lost to rivals Kiama in the Grand Final.
 Top points for 2015 went to Ebony Murray, Most tries scored was the first grader Blake Mackey tied with Women's League Tag Emily Burke.
 Group 7 Players of the year was awarded to Adam Stone and Cheyanne Hatch for her second consecutive year.
George Anastasia (born February 5, 1947, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American author and was a long-time writer for "The Philadelphia Inquirer".
 He is widely considered to be an expert on the American Mafia.
 He was an organized crime investigative reporter, who was once targeted for death by then-Philadelphia crime family boss John Stanfa.
 He has twice been nominated for a Pulitzer Prize and has won the Sigma Delta Chi Award.
 He has also been described on a "60 Minutes" television profile as "One of the most respected crime reporters in the country."
 Anastasia lives in Pitman, New Jersey.
Cristina Rivera Garza (born October 1, 1964) is a Mexican author and professor best known for her fictional work, with various novels such as "Nadie me verá llorar" winning a number of Mexico’s highest literary awards as well as awards abroad.
 The author was born in the state of Tamaulipas, near the U.S. border and has developed her career in teaching and writing on both sides of the border.
 She has taught history and creative writing at various universities such as the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), Tec de Monterrey, Campus Toluca and her current position at the University of California, San Diego.
 Awards include the Juan Vicente Melo National Short Story Award, Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz Prize (the only author to win this award twice) and the Anna Seghers International Prize.
Andrea Louise Martin (born January 15, 1947) is an American actress, singer, author and comedian, best known for her work in the television series "SCTV".
 She has appeared in films such as "Black Christmas" (1974), "Wag the Dog" (1997), "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" (2001), "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" (2002) and "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2" (2016), and lent her voice to the animated films "Anastasia" (1997), "The Rugrats Movie" (1998) and "" (2001).
De Gyldne Laurbær (English: The Golden Laurel) (earlier: Boghandlernes Gyldne Laurbær) is a Danish literature award, which was established in 1949.
 The award is handed by the "The Committee De Gyldne Laurbær", formerly "Boghandlerklubben" (The Bookshops' Club).
 The prize is given annually in February or March.
 Originally the award was a laurel wreath, a golden pin with an inscription, some money and a book gift worth 2500 DKK.
 Today the award is a laurel wreathe, a diploma and a book gift worth 2500 DKK.
 The award is handed at a ceremony arranged by the publishing house which has published the winning book and by the Committee De Gyldne Laurbær.
 Early in January every year the committee sends out ballot to all the Danish bookshops, which then give their vote for a Danish book which was published the year before.
 An author can only win The Golden Laurel once in a lifetime, so the bookshops can not vote for an author who has already won the prize once before.
 The winner is usually one of the bestsellers among the Danish books.
 On the day when it is decided who wins the Golden Laurel, the president of the Committee of The Golden Laurel informs the winner about the award, while journalists follow the event.
