In Black and White is a collection of eight short stories by Rudyard Kipling which was first published in a booklet of 108 pages as no. 3 of A H Wheeler & Co.
’s Indian Railway Library in 1888.
 It was subsequently published in a book along with nos 1 and 2, "Soldiers Three" (1888) and "The Story of the Gadsbys", as "Soldiers Three" (1899).
 The characters about whom the stories are concerned are native Indians, rather than the British for writing about whom Kipling may be better known; four of the stories are narrated by the Indians, and four by an observant wise English journalist (the "persona" that Kipling likes to adopt).
 The stories are:
"Letting In the Jungle" is a short story by Rudyard Kipling which continues Mowgli's adventures from "Mowgli's Brothers" and "Tiger!
 Tiger!
".
 The story was written at Kipling's parents' home in Tisbury, Wiltshire, and is therefore the only Mowgli story not written in Vermont.
My Boy Jack is a 2007 television drama based on David Haig's 1997 play of the same name.
 It was filmed in August 2007, with Haig as Rudyard Kipling and Daniel Radcliffe as John Kipling.
 It does not include act three of the play, which extended to the 1920s and 1930s: instead it ends with Kipling reciting the poem "My Boy Jack".
 The American television premiere was on 20 April 2008 on PBS, with primetime rebroadcast on 27 March 2011.
 The film attracted about 5.7 million viewers on its original broadcast in the UK on Remembrance Day, 11 November 2007.
Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book is a 1994 live-action American adventure film co-written and directed by Stephen Sommers, produced by Edward S. Feldman and Raju Patel, from a story by Ronald Yanover and Mark Geldman.
 It is the second film adaptation by The Walt Disney Company of the Mowgli stories from "The Jungle Book" and "The Second Jungle Book" by Rudyard Kipling.
The Cat Who Walked by Herself (Russian: Кошка, которая гуляла сама по себе ; "Koshka, kotoraya gulyala sama po sebe") is a 1988 Soviet animated feature film directed by Ideya Garanina and made at the Soyuzmultfilm studio.
 It is based on Rudyard Kipling's short story "The Cat that Walked by Himself".
 Like the earlier Soviet animated feature "Adventures of Mowgli", the film retains the dark, primal tone of Kipling's work.
 Includes in itself almost all types animation technologies.
"His Chance in Life" is a short story by Rudyard Kipling.
 It was first published in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" (1888), and in subsequent editions of that collection.
 The story is illuminating about Kipling's attitudes to race, which are less cut-and-dried than is often thought.
 Kipling is interesting, if not very detailed, on people of mixed race and the snobberies involved.
 (For some detail, see the Kipling Society notes.)
"My Boy Jack" is a 1915 poem by Rudyard Kipling.
 Although Kipling wrote it after his son John (called Jack), an 18-year-old Lieutenant in the 2nd Battalion, when Irish Guards disappeared in September 1915 during the Battle of Loos in World War I, it was published as a prelude to a story in his book "Sea Warfare" written about the Battle of Jutland in 1916.
 The imagery and theme is maritime in nature and as such it is about a generic nautical Jack (or Jack Tar), though emotionally affected by the death of Kipling's son.
Thus Rudyard Kipling introduces, in the story "The Three Musketeers" (1888) three characters who were to reappear in many stories, and to give their name to his next collection "Soldiers Three".
 Their characters are given in the sentence that follows: "Collectively, I think, but am not certain, they are the worst men in the regiment so far as genial blackguardism goes"—that is, they are 'trouble' to authority, and always on the lookout for petty gain; but Kipling is at pains never to suggest that they are evil or immoral.
 They are representative of the admiration he has for the British Army—which he never sought to idealise as in any way perfect—as in the poems collected in "Barrack-Room Ballads" (1892), and also show his interest in, and respect for the 'uneducated' classes.
 Kipling has great respect for the independence of mind, initiative and common sense of the three—and their cunning.
Snarleyow is a poem by Rudyard Kipling, published in late 1890.
 The title character was a horse that was part of a team pulling a gun.
 The poem is one of many Kipling wrote depicting the life of soldiers in the British army.
 It appears that this one is based on an incident in the life of Staff Sergeant Nathaniel W. Bancroft, of the old Bengal Horse Artillery and later the Royal Horse Artillery.
 The poem was one of the many Kipling poems set to song by G. F. Cobb.
Stalky & Co. is a novel by Rudyard Kipling about adolescent boys at a British boarding school.
 It is a collection of school stories whose juvenile protagonists display a know-it-all, cynical outlook on patriotism and authority.
 According to his family, Kipling enjoyed reading aloud stories from "Stalky & Co." to them and often went into spasms of laughter over his own jokes.
 It was first published in 1899 (following serialisation in the "Windsor Magazine").
 Reflecting its origins, the novel is episodic in nature, with self-contained chapters.
 It is set at an unnamed school referred to as "the College" or "the Coll."
, which is based on the United Services College in Devon, which Kipling attended.
 The character Beetle, one of the main trio, is partly based on Kipling himself, while the charismatic character Stalky is based on Lionel Dunsterville, M'Turk is based on George Charles Beresford, Mr King is based on William Carr Crofts, and the school Head, Mr. Bates, is based on Cormell Price.
