The 1914 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 3, 1914.
 Incumbent Republican William P. Dillingham successfully ran for re-election to another term in the United States Senate, defeating Democratic candidate Charles A. Prouty.
 This was the first United States Senate direct election to take place in Vermont following the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The 2014 United States Senate election in Oklahoma took place on November 4, 2014 to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Oklahoma, concurrently with the special election to Oklahoma's other Senate seat, as well as other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
The 2016 United States Senate election in Ohio was held on November 8, 2016, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Ohio, concurrently with the 2016 U.S. presidential election, as well as other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 The close of registration for electors in the primary election was December 16, 2015, and the primary election took place on March 15, 2016.
The 1916 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 7, 1916.
 Incumbent Republican Carroll S. Page successfully ran for re-election to another term in the United States Senate, defeating Democratic candidate Oscar C. Miller.
 This was the second United States Senate direct election to take place in Vermont following the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution and the first for Vermont's Class I seat.
The 2016 United States Senate election in Georgia was held on November 8, 2016, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Georgia, concurrently with the 2016 U.S. presidential election, as well as other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 The primary election for the Republican and Democratic parties took place on May 24, 2016.
The 2010 United States Senate election in Indiana took place on November 2, 2010, alongside 33 other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections to fill Indiana's class III United States Senate seat.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Evan Bayh decided in February 2010 to retire instead of seeking a third term shortly after former U.S. Senator Dan Coats announced his candidacy for Bayh's contested seat.
 No Democratic candidate submitted enough signatures by the deadline to run, leading Democratic officials to choose U.S. Congressman Brad Ellsworth to be the nominee.
 The Libertarian Party nominated YMCA instructor Rebecca Sink-Burris, who had previously run against Evan Bayh in the United States Senate election in Indiana, 1998 but with less success than in this election.
 Republican nominee and former U.S. Senator Dan Coats won the open seat.
The 1992 United States Senate election in Alabama took place on November 3, 1992 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Richard Shelby won re-election to a second term.
 As of 2016, this is the last Senate election in Alabama won by a Democrat.
The 1992 United States Senate election in Hawaii took place on November 3, 1992 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 Incumbent Democrat U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye won re-election to a sixth term.
The 1992 United States Senate election in New York took place on November 3, 1992 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Al D'Amato won re-election to a third term.
 As of 2016, this is the last Senate election in New York won by a Republican.
The 2012 United States Senate election in Hawaii took place on November 6, 2012, concurrently with the 2012 U.S. presidential election as well as other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Akaka decided to retire instead of running for re-election to a fourth term.
 Democratic Congresswoman Mazie Hirono defeated former Hawaii Governor Linda Lingle in a rematch of the 2002 Hawaii gubernatorial election.
