In mathematics, the rational points on the unit circle are those points ("x", "y") such that both "x" and "y" are rational numbers ("fractions") and satisfy "x" + "y" = 1.
 The set of such points turns out to be closely related to primitive Pythagorean triples. Consider a primitive right triangle, that is, with integral side lengths "a", "b", "c", with "c" the hypotenuse, such that the sides have no common factor larger than 1.
 Then on the unit circle there exists the rational point ("a"/"c", "b"/"c"), which, in the complex plane, is just "a"/"c" + "ib"/"c", where "i" is the imaginary unit.
 Conversely, if ("x", "y") is a rational point on the unit circle in the 1st quadrant of the coordinate system (i.e. "x" > 0, "y" > 0), then there exists a primitive right triangle with sides "xc", "yc", "c", with "c" being the least common multiple of "x" and "y" denominators.
 There is a correspondence between points ("x","y") in the "x"-"y" plane and points "x" + "iy" in the complex plane which will be used below, with ("a", "b") taken as equal to "a" + "ib".
In queueing theory, a discipline within the mathematical theory of probability, Little's result, theorem, lemma, law or formula is a theorem by John Little which states that the long-term average number "L" of customers in a stationary system is equal to the long-term average effective arrival rate "λ" multiplied by the average time "W" that a customer spends in the system.
 Expressed algebraically the law is
In mathematics, a quartan prime is a prime number of the form "x" + "y", where "x" > 0, "y" > 0 (and "x" and "y" are integers).
 The odd quartan primes are of the form 16"n" + 1.
In the mathematical theory of special functions, Schwarz's list or the Schwartz table is the list of 15 cases found by when hypergeometric functions can be expressed algebraically.
 More precisely, it is a listing of parameters determining the cases in which the hypergeometric equation has a finite monodromy group, or equivalently has two independent solutions that are algebraic functions.
 It lists 15 cases, divided up by the isomorphism class of the monodromy group (excluding the case of a cyclic group), and was first derived by Schwarz by methods of complex analytic geometry.
 Correspondingly the statement is not directly in terms of the parameters specifying the hypergeometric equation, but in terms of quantities used to describe certain spherical triangles.
In algebraic geometry, a branch of mathematics, a Zariski surface is a surface over a field of characteristic "p" > 0 such that there is a dominant inseparable map of degree "p" from the projective plane to the surface.
 In particular, all Zariski surfaces are unirational.
 They were named by Piotr Blass in 1977 after Oscar Zariski who used them in 1958 to give examples of unirational surfaces in characteristic "p" > 0 that are not rational.
 (In characteristic 0 by contrast, Castelnuovo's theorem implies that all unirational surfaces are rational.)
In algebraic geometry, the Kempf vanishing theorem, introduced by , states that the higher cohomology group "H"("G"/"B","L"(λ)) ("i" > 0) vanishes whenever λ is a dominant weight of "B".
 Here "G" is a reductive algebraic group over an algebraically closed field, "B" a Borel subgroup, and "L"(λ) a line bundle associated to λ.
 In characteristic 0 this is a special case of the Borel–Weil–Bott theorem, but unlike the Borel–Weil–Bott theorem, the Kempf vanishing theorem still holds in positive characteristic.
In number theory, a Pillai prime is a prime number "p" for which there is an integer "n" > 0 such that the factorial of "n" is one less than a multiple of the prime, but the prime is not one more than a multiple of "n".
 To put it algebraically, formula_1 but formula_2.
 The first few Pillai primes are
In mathematics, a nowhere continuous function, also called an everywhere discontinuous function, is a function that is not continuous at any point of its domain.
 If "f" is a function from real numbers to real numbers, then "f" is nowhere continuous if for each point "x" there is an "ε" > 0 such that for each "δ" > 0 we can find a point "y" such that and .
 Therefore, no matter how close we get to any fixed point, there are even closer points at which the function takes not-nearby values.
In mathematics, two quantities are in the golden ratio if their ratio is the same as the ratio of their sum to the larger of the two quantities.
 The figure on the right illustrates the geometric relationship.
 Expressed algebraically, for quantities "a" and "b" with "a" > "b" > 0,
In mathematics, a metric space "X" with metric "d" is said to be doubling if there is some constant "M" > 0 such that for any "x" in "X" and "r" > 0, it is possible to cover the ball "B"("x", "r") = {"y"|"d(x, y)" < "r"} with the union of at most "M" many balls of radius "r"/2.
 The base-2 logarithm of "M" is often referred to as the doubling dimension of "X".
 Euclidean spaces ℝ equipped with the usual Euclidean metric are examples of doubling spaces where the doubling constant "M" depends on the dimension "d".
