Lois Bromfield is a Canadian comedic actor, writer, and television producer with a long list of credits including "Roseanne", "Grace Under Fire", "The Jackie Thomas Show" and "The New Hollywood Squares".
Sheriff Andrew "Andy" Jackson Taylor and in earlier episodes as Cousin Andy by Barney Fife is the major character on "The Andy Griffith Show", an American sitcom which aired on CBS, (1960–1968).
 He also appears in the "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." episode "Opie Joins the Marines", made a cameo appearance in the USMC episode "Gomer Goes Home," five episodes of "Mayberry R.F.D." (1968–1971) and the reunion telemovie "Return to Mayberry" (1986).
 The character made his initial appearance in an episode of "The Danny Thomas Show" entitled "Danny Meets Andy Griffith."
 In the CBS special "The Andy Griffith - Don Knotts - Jim Nabors Show" (1965), Andy and Barney are featured in a musical sketch about their friendship and recreate some classic moments between the characters.
 Andy Griffith, as Sheriff Taylor, also has a brief comedy cameo in "Rowan and Martin at the Movies" (1969), a PSA short subject promoting the purchase of U.S. Savings Bonds.
 Andy Taylor appeared in all 249 episodes of "The Andy Griffith Show" and was played by comedian and actor Andy Griffith.
Maryedith Burrell (born April 12, 1952) is an American film and television producer, writer, actress and comedian, best known for her roles in the early 1980s late night sketch comedy series "Fridays".
 She also had recurring roles in the television series "Throb", "Parenthood", "The Jackie Thomas Show", "Seinfeld" and "Home Improvement".
 She was one of the writers of the television comedy film "Mr. St. Nick".
Russell Craig "Rusty" Hamer (February 15, 1947 – January 18, 1990) was an American stage, film and television actor.
 He is best known for portraying Rusty Williams, the wise cracking son of entertainer Danny Williams (Danny Thomas), on the popular ABC/CBS situation comedy "Make Room for Daddy" (later retitled "The Danny Thomas Show"), from 1953 to 1964.
 He reprised the role in three reunion specials and the sequel series, "Make Room for Granddaddy", that aired on ABC from 1970 to 1971.
Sid Melton (May 22, 1917 – November 2, 2011) was an American actor, best known for his roles as incompetent carpenter Alf Monroe in the CBS sitcom "Green Acres" and as Uncle Charlie Halper, proprietor of the Copa Club, in "The Danny Thomas Show" and its spin-offs.
 He appeared in about 140 film and television projects in a career that spanned nearly 60 years.
 Among his most famous films were "Lost Continent" with Cesar Romero, "The Steel Helmet" with Gene Evans and Robert Hutton, "The Lemon Drop Kid" with Bob Hope, and "Lady Sings The Blues" with Diana Ross and Billy Dee Williams.
 He was a regular on "The Danny Thomas Show" and "Green Acres", and appeared in flashback on several episodes of "The Golden Girls" as Salvadore Petrillo, the long-dead husband of Sophia and father of Dorothy.
The Jackie Thomas Show is an American sitcom that aired on the ABC network from December 1992 to March 1993.
 The series received widespread attention due to its creators Roseanne Arnold, then starring in the fifth season of her comedy "Roseanne", and her husband and "Roseanne" co-producer Tom Arnold.
 "The Jackie Thomas Show" starred Tom Arnold as a misanthropic sitcom actor.
The Andy Griffith Show is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS from October 3, 1960, to September 6, 1971, with a total of 327 half-hour episodes spanning over 11 seasons, first in black and white and then in color, which partially originated from an episode of "The Danny Thomas Show".
 It originally starred Andy Griffith in the role of Andy Taylor, the widowed sheriff of the fictional small community of Mayberry, North Carolina.
 Other major characters include Andy's inept but well-meaning deputy, who is also his cousin, Barney Fife (Don Knotts); Andy's spinster aunt and housekeeper, "Aunt" Bee Taylor (Frances Bavier), and Andy's precocious young son, Opie (Ron Howard).
 Eccentric townspeople and temperamental girlfriends complete the cast.
 Regarding the tone of the show, Griffith said that despite a contemporary setting, the show evoked nostalgia, stating in a "Today Show" interview: "Well, though we never said it, and though it was shot in the '60s, it had a feeling of the '30s.
 It was, when we were doing it, of a time gone by."
This is a list of episodes from the CBS television comedy "The Andy Griffith Show".
 The first episode aired on October 3, 1960 and the final episode aired on April 1, 1968.
 There were 249 episodes in all, 159 in black and white (seasons 1–5) and 90 in color (seasons 6–8).
 The series was spun off from "The Danny Thomas Show", where Sheriff Andy Taylor was introduced in the episode, "Danny Meets Andy Griffith", which first aired on February 15, 1960.
Ted Collins (October 12, 1900 – May 27, 1964) was an American show business manager, best known for managing singer and TV show star Kate Smith, (1907-1986) for thirty years.
The Mike and Thomas Show is a Dutch comedy panel game broadcast on NPO 3 (VARA).
 It is created and presented by the cabaret performers Mike Boddé and Thomas van Luyn.
