Nanjing means 'southern capital' and is the name of the current capital of Jiangsu Province and a former capital of China.
 It was formerly romanized as Nanking or Nankin.
The current capital of Wales is Cardiff, which was first referred to as such in 1955, when Gwilym Lloyd-George, then Minister for Welsh Affairs commented in a Parliamentary written answer that "no formal measures are necessary to give effect to this decision".
 The Encyclopedia of Wales notes that the decision to recognise the city as the capital of Wales "had more to do with the fact that it contained marginal Conservative constituencies than any reasoned view of what functions a Welsh capital should have".
Buenos Aires (] , "Provincia de Buenos Aires"; English: "good airs") is the largest and most populous Argentinian province.
 It takes the name from the city of Buenos Aires, which used to be part of the province and the provincial capital until it was federalized in 1880.
 Since then, in spite of bearing the same name, the province does not include the national capital city proper, though it does include all other localities of the Greater Buenos Aires metropolitan area surrounding it.
 The current capital of the province is the city of La Plata, founded in 1882.
The Old Town of Oslo (Norwegian: "Gamlebyen" , ] ) is a neighborhood in the inner city of Oslo, Norway, belonging to the borough of Gamle Oslo and is the oldest urban areas within the current capital.
 This part of the capital of Norway was simply called Oslo until 1925 while the city as a whole was called "Kristiania".
 Oslo's old town was established with the urban structure around year 1000 and was the capital of Norway's dominion in 1314.
 Old Town core area (i.e. the southern and the central part of Old Town) has several ruins of stone and brick lying above ground, and large amounts of protected culture underground.
 The core area also has a listed 1700s buildings.
 Towards Ekeberg slope and further up are some 17th and 18th-century wooden houses that are zoned for conservation under the Planning and Building Act, though there exist in the Old Town many four-storey brick houses, built at the end of the 1800s, and some heritage railway buildings from different eras.
Nieuw Rotterdam was the capital of the Nickerie District in Suriname, built on the right bank of the Nickerie River.
 Around 1875, this town got flooded by the sea.
 In 1879, on the left bank of the Nickerie River, the current capital Nieuw Nickerie was built, and Nieuw Rotterdam was lifted on 8 August to commemorate a century later in 1979.
Milledgeville is a city in and the county seat of Baldwin County in the U.S. state of Georgia.
 It is northeast of Macon and bordered on the east by the Oconee River.
 The rapid current of the river here made this an attractive location to build a city.
 It was the capital of Georgia from 1804 to 1868, notably during the American Civil War.
 Milledgeville was preceded as the capital city by Louisville and was succeeded by Atlanta, the current capital.
 Today U.S. Highway 441 connects Milledgeville to Madison, Athens, and Dublin.
South Sudan ( ), officially the Republic of South Sudan, is a landlocked country in northeastern Africa that gained its independence from Sudan in 2011.
 Its current capital, Juba is also the largest city.
 Before the outbreak of a civil war in 2013, it was planned that the capital city would be moved to the more centrally located Ramciel in the future.
Saint-Louis Airport (French: "Aéroport de Saint-Louis" ) (IATA: XLS, ICAO: GOSS) is an airport serving Saint-Louis, the capital of the Saint-Louis Region in Senegal.
 Saint-Louis is located near the Senegal River, and served as Senegal's capital until independence in 1960.
 It is 320 km north of Senegal's current capital in Dakar.
Klang or Kelang, officially Royal Town of Klang (Malay: "Bandar Diraja Klang" ), is a royal town and former capital of the state of Selangor, Malaysia.
 It is located within the Klang District.
 It was the civil capital of Selangor in an earlier era prior to the emergence of Kuala Lumpur and the current capital, Shah Alam.
 Port Klang, which is located in the Klang District, is the 13th busiest transshipment port and the 16th busiest container port in the world.
Toyota Central R&D Labs., Inc. (TCRDL) (in Japanese: 豊田中央研究所, Toyota Chuou Kenkyuusho) is the arch institute of the Toyota Group.
 It cooperates with Toyota Group and Toyota Technological Institute (TTI).
 The facility is located in Nagakute, near Nagoya in Aichi, Japan.
 The facility was established in November 1960 with a capital of 500 million Yen.
 Currently, there are about 1000 employees conducting both fundamental and applied research in a large variety of topics for the Toyota group and other partners.
 The current president is Ishikawa, and the current capital is 3 billion yen.
