The Way is a 2010 American drama film directed, produced and written by Emilio Estevez, starring his father Martin Sheen, Deborah Kara Unger, James Nesbitt, Yorick van Wageningen, and Renée Estevez.
In the Custody of Strangers is a 1982 ABC made-for-TV drama film.
 It was directed by Robert Greenwald and written by Jennifer Miller.
 The film stars Martin Sheen, Jane Alexander and Emilio Estevez, the latter in his feature film debut.
 The film was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Mini-Series Or Motion Picture Made for Television but lost to "Brideshead Revisited".
Dollar for the Dead is a 1998 TNT western television film.
 Film directed and written by Gene Quintano and starring Emilio Estevez.
 It is the third western film which Estevez stars.
 Film also stars William Forsythe, Joaquim de Almeida, Jonathan Banks, Ed Lauter and Howie Long.
 Actor Jordi Mollà nominated for Fotogramas de Plata award.
Nightmares is a 1983 American horror anthology film directed by Joseph Sargent, and starring Emilio Estevez, Lance Henriksen, Cristina Raines, Veronica Cartwright, and Richard Masur.
 The film is made up of four short films based on urban legends; the first concerns a woman who encounters a killer in the backseat of her car; the second concerns a video game-addicted teenager who is consumed by his game; the third focuses on a fallen priest who is stalked by a pickup truck from hell; and the last follows a suburban family battling a giant rat in their home.
Culture Clash in AmeriCCa is a 2005 documentary film directed by Emilio Estevez.
 It is an anthology of fun and thought-provoking skits and monologues portraying diverse American immigrants.
 Emlio Estevez doesn't appear in this documentary film.
 Inspiration came from thousands of interviews conducted nationwide during a period of 20 years, by Culture Clash.
Here Not There is the second full length studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jane Child.
 It was released in 1993 on Warner Bros.
 Records (see 1993 in music).
 Due to a strange single choice (the label opted for the title track instead of "Do Whatcha Do", which would have been in keeping with her style established on "Don't Wanna Fall In Love", her hit from 4 years previously), it was less successful.
 It also saw her undergoing a stylistic change; while her debut was mostly synthesized dance-pop with R&B undercurrents, "Here Not There" saw her edging away and mixing new jack swing rhythms with almost hard rock elements.
 The year prior to the release of the album, she contributed the song "Mona Lisa Smiles" to the movie "Freejack", which starred Emilio Estevez.
Rated X is a 2000 American television film starring brothers Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez, with the latter also directing.
 Based on the nonfiction book "X-Rated" by David McCumber, the film chronicles the story of the Mitchell brothers, Jim and Artie Mitchell, who were pioneers in the pornography and strip club businesses in San Francisco in the 1970s and 1980s.
 The film focuses on the making of their most profitable film, "Behind the Green Door".
 It also portrays Artie's descent into drug addiction and increasingly erratic behavior, culminating in his murder at Jim's hands.
Bobby is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Emilio Estevez, and starring an ensemble cast featuring Harry Belafonte, Joy Bryant, Nick Cannon, Laurence Fishburne, Spencer Garrett, Helen Hunt, Anthony Hopkins, Ashton Kutcher, Shia LaBeouf, Lindsay Lohan, William H. Macy, Demi Moore, Martin Sheen, Christian Slater, Sharon Stone, Elijah Wood and Estevez himself.
 The screenplay is a fictionalized account of the hours leading up to the June 5, 1968, shooting of U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy in the kitchen of the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles following his win of the 1968 Democratic Party presidential primary in California.
Wisdom is a 1986 American romantic crime film written and directed by its star Emilio Estevez in his filmmaking debut.
 The film also stars Demi Moore, along with Tom Skerritt and Veronica Cartwright (both of "Alien" fame) as Estevez's parents.
 The end credits song is "Home Again" by Oingo Boingo and the score by Danny Elfman.
Joseph "Joe" Estevez (born February 13, 1946) is an American actor, director and producer.
 He is the younger brother of actor Martin Sheen and the uncle of Emilio Estevez, Charlie Sheen, Renée Estevez and Ramon Estevez.
