Pyotr Verzilov (Russian: Пётр Верзилов ; ] ; born 25 October 1987) is a Russian-Canadian artist and activist who came to wider prominence as the unofficial spokesperson of the band Pussy Riot when they were arrested and jailed by the Russian state in 2012.
 Verzilov is married to Pussy Riot member Nadezhda Tolokonnikova.
Vadim Zakharov (born 1959 in Dushanbe, Tajikistan) is an internationally exhibited Russian conceptual artist living and working in Moscow and Cologne, Germany.
 He created the work for the Russian pavilion at the 2013 55th edition of the Venice Biennale.
 His instillation therein marked the first time an artist's work occupied both levels of the structure.
 Zahkarov is a graduate of the Moscow State Teachers Training Institute.
Nadezhda Andreyevna Tolokonnikova (Russian: Наде́жда Андре́евна Толоко́нникова ; ] ; born November 7, 1989), nicknamed "Nadya Tolokno" (Надя Толокно ), is a Russian conceptual artist and political activist.
 She was a member of the Anarchist Feminist group Pussy Riot, and has a history of political activism with the controversial street art group Voina.
 On August 17, 2012, she was convicted of "hooliganism motivated by religious hatred" after a performance in Moscow Cathedral of Christ the Saviour and sentenced to two years' imprisonment.
 On December 23, 2013, she was released early with another Pussy Riot member Maria Alyokhina under a newly passed amnesty bill dedicated to the 20th anniversary of the Russian constitution.
Georgy Kiesewalter (Russian: Георгий Кизевальтер, b. 1955 in Moscow) is a Russian conceptual artist, photographer and essayist.
 As an artist, he uses a wide range of media to communicate his concepts to the public —– from painting to graphic art, from installations to conceptual photography and digital art.
Andrei Molodkin (born 1966) is a Russian conceptual artist.
Lili Zoe Ermezei (born as Érmezei Lili Zoé in Hungary, 1988) is a portrait and conceptual photographer.
 Her father is the Hungarian conceptual artist, painter and sculptor Érmezei Zoltán (1955–1991).
 She lives and works in Helsinki and Budapest, and is a member of the Hungarian Studio of Young Photographers and the Union of Artist Photographers in Finland.
William Leavitt (born 1941) is a conceptual artist known for paintings, photographs, installations, and performance works that examine "the vernacular culture of L.A. through the filter of the entertainment industry...drawing on 'stock environments' and designs of films as well as the literature of the place."
 A critical figure in the West Coast conceptual art movement of the late 60s, Leavitt himself has managed to maintain a low profile.
 "Over the last 40 years, William Leavitt has made a name for himself as an influential artist while staying so far out of fame's spotlight that his hard-to-categorize works have been all but invisible to the public," wrote the "LA Times".
 While his work is collected by high profile artists such as John Baldessari and Mike Kelley (who donated Leavitt works to the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles), Leavitt himself has eschewed celebrity.
David Houghton is an English graphic artist, designer and photographer.
 As a conceptual artist, his photographic work "explores and documents ordinary everyday images and situations that we normally overlook and take for granted”.
 He has published two independent books of his work.
 An exhibition of his conceptual art entitled "Journeys Within Japan" was staged in the summer of 2007 as part of the Cambridge Open Studios project and later at the Basement Gallery in Ipswich.
 In December 2008 he was also a featured artist in the CAMBA art exhibition Six Days, alongside notable artists such as Jeremy Andrews.
Kommunizm are a Russian conceptual art collective from Omsk.
 The band was formed in 1988 and broke up in 1990.
 Initially a studio-only project, in 2010 they re-united to play live.
 Kommunizm was founded as side-project of cult Siberian band Grazhdanskaya Oborona by Yegor Letov, Oleg Sudakov (who also functioned as the band's manager), and Konstantin Ryabinov.
Roberta Allen is a short story writer, novelist, memoirist, conceptual artist, sculptor, photographer, and creative writing instructor.
 Language has been the inspiration for both her writing and her art.
 In her conceptual works - which include drawings, collages, artist books, photo/text works, installations and digital prints - she explores how text informs or changes our perception of images, often with more than a hint of humor and a philosophical bent.
 With dark humor, her books present characters at odds with themselves and others, sometimes in exotic locales.
