The 2d Operations Group (2 OG) is the flying component of the United States Air Force 2d Bomb Wing, assigned to the Air Force Global Strike Command Eighth Air Force.
 The group is stationed at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana.
The 92d Operations Group (92 OG) is the flying component of the 92d Air Refueling Wing, assigned to the United States Air Force Air Mobility Command Eighteenth Air Force.
 The group is stationed at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington.
The 380th Expeditionary Operations Group (380 EOG) is the operational flying component of the United States Air Force 380th Air Expeditionary Wing.
 It is a provisional unit stationed at Al Dhafra Air Base, United Arab Emirates, and is assigned to the United States Air Forces Central component of Air Combat Command (ACC).
The 432d Wing is a United States Air Force unit assigned to Air Combat Command, stationed at Creech Air Force Base, Nevada.
 The group operates unmanned reconnaissance aircraft which provide real-time reconnaissance, surveillance, and precision attack against fixed and time-critical targets.
 The 432d Air Expeditionary Wing is a provisional unit assigned to Air Combat Command and is the designation for components of the 432d Wing when deployed into combat areas as part of the Global War on Terror.
The 67th Cyberspace Wing is a United States Air Force wing stationed at Lackland Air Force Base, Texas.
 It was activated in October 1993 as a military intelligence unit and is assigned to Twenty-Fourth Air Force.
 The wing was first activated at March Field as the 67th Reconnaissance Wing as part of the wing base organization system.
 However, only its 67th Tactical Reconnaissance Group ever became operational and it relied on another wing for support.
 It was inactivated in the 1949 Truman reductions in the Department of Defense budget.
The 22d Operations Group is the operational flying component of the United States Air Force 22d Air Refueling Wing.
 It is stationed at McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas, and is part of Air Mobility Command (AMC)'s Eighteenth Air Force.
The 432d Operations Group is the flying component of the United States Air Force 432d Wing, stationed at Creech Air Force Base, Nevada.
The 3d Operations Group is the operational flying component of the United States Air Force 3d Wing.
 It is stationed at Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska, and is assigned to Pacific Air Forces' Eleventh Air Force.
The 1st Operations Group (1 OG) is the flying component of the 1st Fighter Wing, assigned to the USAF Air Combat Command.
 The group is stationed at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia.
 The 1st Operations Group is the oldest major air combat unit in the United States Air Force, being the successor organization of the 1st Pursuit Group.
 The 1st Pursuit Group was the first air combat group formed by the Air Service, American Expeditionary Force, on 5 May 1918.
The 437th Operations Group (437 OG) is an active United States Air Force unit.
 It is the flying component of the Twenty-First Air Force 437th Airlift Wing, stationed at Charleston Air Force Base, South Carolina.
