Industry & Investment New South Wales was founded in July 2009 and is part of the Government of New South Wales.
 It was renamed the Department of Trade and Investment, Regional Infrastructure and Services following the New South Wales election in March 2011, and is known as NSW Trade & Investment.
 I&I's task is to attract industry and investment, thus creating jobs in the state of NSW.
Willow Vale is a Northern Village of the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia, in Wingecarribee Shire.
 It is located 1 km north of Mittagong and is often considered part of Braemar along with its neighbour Balaclava.
 At the 2016 census , Willow Vale had a population of 717.
The New South Wales Minister for Trade and Industry is a minister in the Government of New South Wales who has responsibilities for sponsoring and supporting trade, international investment, tourism and major events in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
 The current Minister for Trade and Industry is Niall Blair, since 30 January 2017.
 He is assisted by the Minister for Tourism and Major Events, currently Adam Marshall also since 30 January 2017.
 Together the ministers administers these portfolios through the Department of Industry, Skills and Regional Development, known as the NSW Department of Industry, and also through Destination NSW, Venues NSW, and a range of small agencies.
The Unanderra–Moss Vale railway line is a cross country railway line in New South Wales, Australia.
 The line branches from the Illawarra line at Unanderra and winds west up the Illawarra escarpment to join the Main South line at Moss Vale.
 The line is one of the most scenic in New South Wales, and for the first 20 km after leaving Unanderra has an almost continuous grade 1 in 30 providing spectacular view over the Illawarra coastline.
Balaclava is a Northern Village of the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia in Wingecarribee Shire.
 It is 1 km north-east of Mittagong.
 The village includes a service station, real estate, pre-school, nursery, doctor's surgery and antiques store.
 It is located in Wingecarribee Shire and is often considered part of Braemar along with its neighbour Willow Vale.
 At the 2016 census , Balaclava had a population of 496.
Willow Tree railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
 It serves the village of Willow Tree, opening on 13 August 1877 as Warrah when the line was extended from Murrururundi to Quirindi.
 It was renamed Willow Tree in 1879.
The Parish of Colo is a parish of the County of Camden in the Southern Highlands region of New South Wales.
 It is centred on the town of Colo Vale, and includes Aylmerton, Willow Vale, Alpine and Yerrinbool.
 It also includes the northern parts of Mittagong that are north of the Old Hume Highway.
 The new Hume Highway runs through the parish from south-west to north-east.
Joseph Wild (also Wilde) (c.1759 or 1773–1847) was an early explorer of Australia.
 He was sentenced on 21 August 1793 in Chester for burglary, together with his brother, George.
 Both were transported to Australia as convicts in 1797, arriving in Port Jackson (Sydney) on the ship the "Ganges" on 2 June (George died in 1812).
 He was under the charge of physician and pastoralist Charles Throsby and together they later became explorers in southern New South Wales.
 In particular they were the first Europeans to explore the area that became the Australian Capital Territory and Wild was credited with the discovery of Lake George.
 In 1810 he received a ticket of leave, and in January 1813 he was granted a conditional pardon.
 On 9 December 1815 Wild was appointed first Constable of the Five Islands District (now Illawarra).
 During the next few years he accompanied Throsby on many expeditions throughout New South Wales.
 In 1819 he was granted 100 acre in Sutton Forest for services for Throsby and in 1821 he was appointed constable of the County of Argyle.
 It is said that he and his wife Elizabeth had a large family.
 He died on 25 May 1847 when he was gored by a bull at Wingecarribee Swamp.
 He was the first person to be buried behind the church in the Bong Bong Cemetery, Moss Vale, New South Wales.
Braemar is a northern village of the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia in Wingecarribee Shire.
 It is located 2 km north-east of Mittagong and is often considered to include the hamlet villages of Balaclava and Willow Vale.
Willow Vale is a small town in New South Wales, Australia, in the Municipality of Kiama.
 It is made up of residences, dairy farms, and more recently the Crooked River Winery.
