NASA facilities exist across the United States, but also across the world.
 NASA Headquarters in Washington, DC provides overall guidance and political leadership to the agency.
 There are 10 NASA field centers, which provide leadership for and execution of NASA's work.
 These field centers are: Ames (Research), Armstrong (Flight Research), Glenn (Research), Goddard (Space Flight), JPL (Space Flight), Johnson (Space), Kennedy (Space), Langley (Research), Marshall (Space Flight), Stennis (Space).
 All other facilities fall under the leadership of at least one of these field centers.
 Some facilities serve more than one application for historic or administrative reasons.
 NASA has used or supported various observatories and telescopes, and an example of this is the NASA Infrared Telescope Facility.
 In 2013 a NASA Office of the Inspector General's (OIG) Report recommended a Base Realignment and Closure Commission (BRAC) style organization to consolidate NASA's little used facilities.
 The OIG determined at least 33 of NASA's 155 facilities were underutilized.
Blue Origin is an American privately funded aerospace manufacturer and spaceflight services company set up by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos with its headquarters in Kent, Washington.
 The company is developing technologies to enable private human access to space with the goal to dramatically lower costs and increase reliability.
 Blue Origin is employing an incremental approach from suborbital to orbital flight, with each developmental step building on its prior work.
 The company motto is ""Gradatim Ferociter"", Latin for "Step by Step, Ferociously".
 Blue Origin is developing a variety of technologies, with a focus on rocket-powered Vertical Takeoff and Vertical Landing (VTVL) vehicles for access to suborbital and orbital space.
 The company's name refers to the blue planet, Earth, as the point of origin.
Rocco Anthony Petrone (March 31, 1926 – August 24, 2006) was an American mechanical engineer of Italian ethnicity and U.S. Army officer who was the third director of the NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, from 1973 to 1974.
 Petrone previously served as director of launch operations at NASA's Kennedy Space Center (KSC) from July 1966 until September 1969, and then as Apollo program director at NASA Headquarters.
Space Vector Corporation (SVC) is a U.S. based company that provides aerospace products and services to government and commercial customers.
 Space Vector is headquartered in Chatsworth, California and is a privately held small business.
 Its primary products are flight safety and system batteries, GPS tracking systems, custom avionics and structures, attitude control systems, pneumatic components, and separation systems.
 Space Vector also provides launch services as a prime contractor under the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC) Sounding Rocket Program (SRP-3) which includes performing vehicle integration activities, end-to-end system testing, payload integration, launch operations, and mission analysis and design.
The Figure 2 Ranch is located in present-day Culberson County, Texas founded in 1890 by James Monroe Daugherty, a cattle rancher who owned ranches in several states prior to this date.
 The site was the scene of one of the last battles between the Texas Rangers and the Apache Indians.
 Daugherty, a former express rider for the Confederate Army in the Civil War and a founding member of the Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association lived on the ranch by 1905 and would later serve on the local county commission for Culberson County after its subsequent founding in 1911.
 At the age of 83 Daugherty sold the ranch to ranching, timber, and oil tycoon James Marion West, Sr. in 1933.
 West never lived on the ranch, but his son James Jr. maintained a home there which he used as one of his many residences.
 The ranch remained in the West family until 1992.
 The Figure 2 Ranch Airport is located on the property.
 At its height, the ranch encompassed some 175,000 acres.
Thomas Joseph O'Malley (October 15, 1915 – November 6, 2009), better known as T. J. O'Malley, was an Irish-American aerospace engineer who, as chief test conductor for the Convair division of General Dynamics, was responsible for pushing the button on February 20, 1962 launching the Mercury-Atlas 6 space flight carrying astronaut John Glenn, the first American in orbit.
 Five years later, NASA asked North American Aviation to hire him as director of launch operations to help get the Apollo program back on track after the Apollo 1 command module fire on the launch pad killed three astronauts.
 O'Malley continued to play a leadership role in the United States' space program through the first space shuttle launch in 1981.
Figure 2 Ranch Airport (FAA LID: 88TA) is a private airport located 24 miles north of Van Horn, Culberson County, Texas, USA.
 It is located on the Figure 2 Ranch formerly owned by James M. West Sr. and his descendants who installed the airport.
 The Airport currently supports the sub-orbital launch operations of Blue Origin.
This is a comprehensive index of commercial, indie and freeware space flight simulator games.
 The list is categorized into four sections: space flight simulators, space flight simulators with an added element of combat, space combat simulators with an added element of trading, and unreleased space flight simulators.
Comair Flight Services (often referred to as CFS) is a South African business aviation company established in 2007 and is based in Johannesburg, South Africa.
 Its head office is based at Lanseria International Airport.
 Originally established in 2007 the company was first named Corporate Flight Services but in 2012 Comair General Aviation Holdings acquired a stake in the company and it was re-branded as Comair Flight Services, retaining the initials "CFS".
Space Exploration Technologies Corp., doing business as SpaceX, is an American aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company headquartered in Hawthorne, California.
 It was founded in 2002 by entrepreneur Elon Musk with the goal of reducing space transportation costs and enabling the colonization of Mars.
 SpaceX has since developed the Falcon launch vehicle family and the Dragon spacecraft family, which both currently deliver payloads into Earth orbit.
