Grand Forks International Airport (IATA: GFK, ICAO: KGFK, FAA LID: GFK) is a public airport five miles (8 km) northwest of Grand Forks, in Grand Forks County, North Dakota.
 GFK has no scheduled passenger flights out of the country but has an "international" title (like many other airports) because it has customs service for arrivals from Canada and other countries.
Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport (IATA: AMA, ICAO: KAMA, FAA LID: AMA) is a public airport six miles (10 km) east of downtown Amarillo, in Potter and Randall Counties, Texas, United States.
 The airport was renamed in 2003 after NASA astronaut and Amarillo native Rick Husband, who died in the Space Shuttle "Columbia" disaster in February of that year.
The John D. Odegard School of Aerospace Sciences (UND Aerospace) is a multidisciplinary college within the University of North Dakota (UND) in Grand Forks, North Dakota.
 The school was formed in 1968.
 The majority of the school's fleet of over 120 aircraft is based at nearby Grand Forks International Airport and is the largest fleet of civilian flight training aircraft in North America.
 UND Aerospace also operates flight training centers in Crookston, Minnesota, and Phoenix, Arizona.
 Today, the school has many aerospace-related programs including commercial aviation (fixed wing and rotorcraft), air traffic control, airport management, Space Studies, Computer Science, Atmospheric Sciences, and Earth System Science & Policy.
 Currently, the school has over 500 faculty and 1,900 students making it the second largest of UND’s degree-granting colleges.
 The present dean of the school is Dr. Paul Lindseth.
Grand Forks Municipal Airport is a former airport, located within current city limits approximately 3 mi west-northwest of central Grand Forks, North Dakota.
 It was closed shortly after World War II and is now redeveloped as part of the urban area of Grand Forks.
Downtown Grand Forks is the original commercial center of Grand Forks, North Dakota.
 Located on the western bank of the Red River of the North, the downtown neighborhood is situated near the fork of the Red River and the Red Lake River.
 While downtown is no longer the dominant commercial area of the Greater Grand Forks community, it remains the historic center of Grand Forks.
 An 80.4 acre portion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005, as Downtown Grand Forks Historic District.
 Today, downtown Grand Forks is home to many offices, stores, restaurants, and bars.
The Grand Forks International (GFI) is an annual international invitational baseball tournament hosted at James Donaldson Park in Grand Forks, British Columbia.
 The GFI is the largest invitational baseball tournament in Canada and is a large part of the culture in Grand Forks.
 The tournament is also notable for being run entirely by volunteers.
Emerado is a city in Grand Forks County, North Dakota, United States located near Grand Forks Air Force Base.
 It is part of the "Grand Forks, ND-MN Metropolitan Statistical Area" or "Greater Grand Forks".
 The population was 414 at the 2010 census.
 Grand Forks Air Force Base is located near Emerado.
The Texas Air & Space Museum is an aviation museum located near Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport in Amarillo, Texas.
 The museum displays civilian and military aircraft as well as a wide range of air and space artifacts.
The Red Lake River (French: "Rivière du Lac Rouge"; Ojibwe: "Miskwaagamiiwi-zaaga'iganiiwi-ziibi") is a river located in northwestern Minnesota.
 The river begins on the western side of the Lower Red Lake and flows westward.
 After passing through Thief River Falls, Red Lake Falls, and Crookston, the river merges with the Red River of the North in East Grand Forks.
 The total length of the river is 193 miles (310.6 km).
 The term "Forks" in Grand Forks comes from this forking (confluence) of the Red and Red Lake rivers near downtown Grand Forks.
Grand Sky is an UAS (unmanned aerial systems)-specific business and aviation park located at Grand Forks Air Force Base near Grand Forks, North Dakota.
 A groundbreaking for the development was held in September 2015, making it the first UAS business and aviation park in the U.S.
 The park consists of 217 acres and includes access to the Grand Forks Air Force Base runway for large UAS flights.
