The Princess Louise is a public house situated on High Holborn, a street in central London.
 Built in 1872, it is best known for its well-preserved 1891 Victorian interior, with wood panelling and a series of booths around an island bar.
 It is a tied house owned by the Samuel Smith Brewery of Tadcaster, Yorkshire.
Crosby is a small village in Cumbria, England, three miles north-east of Maryport on the A596 road.
 It has a population of approximately 1000.
 The local primary school is Crosscanonby St. John's Church of England School.
 The only remaining public house in the village is The Stag Inn.
In 1920, he tied for 2-4th in Canterbury, took 10th in Berlin, and tied for 4-5th in Kulmbach.
 In 1921, he tied for 8-9th in Hamburg.
 In 1922, he tied for 2nd-3rd in London (Major Open).
 In 1922/23 he tied for 6-9th in Portsmouth/Southsea.
 In 1923, he tied for 6-7th in Triest.
 In 1923/24 he tied for 5-6th in Hastings (Max Euwe won).
 In 1924, he took 13th in Győr.
 1924/25 he took 3rd in Hastings (Géza Maróczy won).
 In 1925, he tied for 6-10th in Debrecen.
 In 1925, he took 3rd in Bologna (Mario Monticelli won).
 In 1925/26 he tied for 3-4th in Hastings (Alexander Alekhine and Milan Vidmar won).
Starobrno Brewery (in Czech: Pivovar Starobrno) is a Czech brewery located in the city of Brno.
 It was built as a successor of the brewery founded in 1325, as a part of Cistercian convent.
 The brewery was named "Starobrno Brewery" only in the second half of the 19th century.
 In 2009, Starobrno Brewery produced more than one million hectoliters of beer.
 The same year, the brewery merged with the Royal Brewery of Krušovice and became a part of the Dutch brewing company Heineken.
Żywiec Brewery (] ) is a brewery founded in 1856, in Żywiec, Poland, then part of Austria-Hungary.
 It was nationalised after the Second World War.
 Grupa Żywiec S.A. consists of five main breweries: Żywiec Brewery, Elbrewery, Leżajsk, Warka Brewery and Cieszyn Brewery.
 Currently the Dutch Heineken Group (Heineken International Beheer B.V.), with a 61% shareholding, has control over major operations.
 The brewery has the capacity of producing 5 million hls a year, making it the largest brewery in Grupa Żywiec.
The Kickapoo Building is a historic commercial building located at 726 West Main Street in Peoria, Illinois.
 Built in 1911, the building was originally used as a tied house for the Anheuser-Busch Brewery, which sought to expand its presence in Peoria's large brewing industry.
 The two-story building has a flatiron shape, a design which took advantage of its triangular lot.
 Architect Albert Keifer gave the building a Classical Revival design with German Renaissance Revival features.
William Williams (6 March 1808 – 26 September 1872), known by his bardic name, "Carw Coch" (literally Red Stag), was a prominent literary figure in Aberdare, and south Wales generally, during the mid-nineteenth century, and an important figure in the development of the eisteddfod movement.
 His bardic name was derived from the Stag Inn, the public house that he ran at Trecynon, Aberdare.
The Stag Inn is a public house in the Old Town area of Hastings, a port and seaside resort in East Sussex, England.
 One of many ancient buildings on All Saints Street, the 16th-century timber-framed inn was refronted in the 18th century, but many of its original features remain.
 The preserved bodies of two smoke-blackened mummified cats have been displayed on a wall since their discovery in the 19th century; witchcraft has been suggested as an explanation for this "grisly sight".
 The inn, which claims to be Hastings' oldest surviving pub, is operated as a tied house by the Shepherd Neame Brewery, and has been listed at Grade II by English Heritage for its architectural and historical importance.
Murphy's Brewery was a brewery founded in Cork, Ireland in 1856 by James Jeremiah Murphy (James J. Murphy).
 It was known as Lady's Well Brewery until it was purchased by Heineken International in 1983, when the name changed to Murphy Brewery Ireland Ltd.
 The name of the brewery was recently changed to Heineken Brewery Ireland, Ltd.
 The brewery produces Heineken, Murphy's stout and other Heineken products for the Irish market.
In the United Kingdom, a tied house is a public house required to buy at least some of its beer from a particular brewery or pub company.
 That is in contrast to a free house, which is able to choose the beers it stocks freely.
