101 Dalmatians is a 1996 American live-action comedy adventure film based on Walt Disney's animated 1961 movie adaptation of Dodie Smith's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians."
 Directed by Stephen Herek and co-produced by John Hughes and Ricardo Mestres, it stars Glenn Close, Jeff Daniels, Joely Richardson, Joan Plowright, Hugh Laurie, Mark Williams and Tim McInnerny.
 In contrast with the 1961 film, none of the animals talk in this version.
 Released on November 27, 1996 by Walt Disney Pictures, the film was praised for its faithfulness to the animated classic.
 It received mixed reviews, but was a commercial success, grossing $320.6 million in theaters against a $75 million budget.
 Close, who was universally praised for her portrayal as Cruella de Vil, was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Comedy or Musical, but lost to Madonna in "Evita".
 The film was also nominated for a BAFTA award for best makeup effects.
 A theatrical sequel titled "102 Dalmatians" was released on November 22, 2000 with Close and McInnerny reprising their roles.
102 Dalmatians is a 2000 American live action and CG-animated film adventure drama film directed by Kevin Lima in his live-action directorial debut and produced by Edward S. Feldman and Walt Disney Pictures.
 It is the sequel to the 1996 film "101 Dalmatians", a live-action remake of the 1961 Disney animated film of the same name and stars Glenn Close reprising her role as Cruella de Vil as she attempts to steal puppies for her "grandest" fur coat yet.
 Close and Tim McInnerny were the only two actors from the first film to return for the sequel, however.
 The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design, but lost to "Gladiator."
101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure is a 2003 American direct-to-video animated adventure musical drama film, written and directed by Jim Kammerud and Brian Smith, released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on February 25, 2003, and based on Dodie Smith's characters, "The Hundred and One Dalmatians" and is also inspired by "The Starlight Barking".
 It is the sequel to the 1961 Disney animated film "101 Dalmatians".
 It features the voices of Martin Short, Jason Alexander, Barry Bostwick, Susanne Blakeslee, Kath Soucie, Jeff Bennett, Jim Cummings, and Bobby Lockwood.
 It garnered DVDX awards for best animated feature, best director, best editing, and best musical score.
 Disney re-released it on September 16, 2008.
Cruella de Vil (spelled de Vil in the novel, spelled De Vil by Disney) is a character who appeared in Dodie Smith's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians", Disney's animated film adaptations "101 Dalmatians" and "", and Disney's live-action film adaptations "101 Dalmatians" and "102 Dalmatians" as the main antagonist.
The 101 Dalmatians Musical is a musical produced by Luis Alvarez, directed by Jerry Zaks, and sponsored by Purina Dog Chow.
 The music written by former Styx member Dennis DeYoung, who also co-wrote the lyrics with the musical's book author B. T. McNicholl.
 Based on the 1956 children's novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians" written by Dodie Smith, the musical follows a pair of Dalmatian dogs as they search through London in search of their litter of fifteen puppies, which were stolen by Cruella DeVil to make dog skin fur coats.
 The musical features Rachel York as the infamous Cruella DeVil, and has actors sharing the stage with fifteen real Dalmatians and using stilts to simulate the novel's original canine perspective.
One Hundred and One Dalmatians (also known as 101 Dalmatians) is a media franchise that commenced in 1961 with the release of the titular theatrical film.
 It is often associated with Disney, though not all media related to this property have been released by that company.
Disney's Animated Storybook: 101 Dalmatians is the sixth entry in the "Disney's Animated Storybook" point-and-click adventure interactive storybook PC game series, based on theatrical and home video releases.
 This game was based on the Disney franchise of "One Hundred and One Dalmatians", which began with the 1961 film of the same name.
 Like that movie, the plot of the game sees villain and fashionista Cruella de Vil steal a series of dalmatian puppies from married couple Roger and Anita and their pets Pongo and Perdita, who then attempt to rescue them back.
 The game was developed by Media Station and published by Disney Interactive.
 It was released on March 18, 1997.
 The game is the only "Animated Storybook" title based on a Walt Disney Animation Studios film that was made before the Disney Renaissance (ignoring the two "Winnie the Pooh"-based titles).
101 Damnations is the debut album by Carter The Unstoppable Sex Machine.
 Its title is a reference to "101 Dalmatians".
One Hundred and One Dalmatians, often abbreviated as 101 Dalmatians, is a 1961 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney and based on the 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians" by Dodie Smith.
 The 17th Disney animated feature film, the film tells the story of a litter of dalmatian puppies who are kidnapped by the villainous Cruella de Vil (Betty Lou Gerson), who wants to use their fur to make into coats.
 Their parents, Pongo and Perdita, (Rod Taylor and Cate Bauer respectively) set out to save their children from Cruella, all the while rescuing 84 additional puppies that were bought in pet shops, bringing the total of dalmatians to 101.
Bill Stewart (7 December 1942, in Liverpool, Lancashire, England – 29 August 2006 in London) was an English actor best known for his role as Denton Evening News reporter Sandy Longford in the British television programme "A Touch of Frost".
 He also made appearances on "Z-Cars" and "MacGyver" and had roles in such films as "101 Dalmatians" and "Anna and the King".
