Allen Klein (December 18, 1931 July 4, 2009) was an American businessman, music publisher, writers' representative, filmmaker and record label executive, most noted for his tough persona and aggressive, innovative negotiation tactics, many of which established higher industry standards for compensating recording artists.
 He founded ABKCO Music & Records Incorporated.
 Klein revolutionized the income potential of recording artists, who previously had been routinely victimized by onerous record company contracts.
 He first scored massive monetary and contractual windfalls for Buddy Knox and Jimmy Bowen, one-hit rockabillies of the late 1950s, then parlayed his early successes into a position managing Sam Cooke, and eventually managed the Beatles and the Rolling Stones simultaneously, along with many other artists, becoming one of the most powerful individuals in the music industry during his era.
Howie Klein (born 1950) is an American writer, concert promoter, disc jockey, music producer, record label founder, record label executive, progressive political activist, and adjunct professor of music.
 He is perhaps best known for his role as President of Reprise Records from 1989 to 2001.
 He appears occasionally as himself in music-related film documentaries and has received accolades for his stance against censorship and for his advocacy of free speech protection.
Hot Rocks 1964–1971 is the first compilation album of Rolling Stones music released by former manager Allen Klein's ABKCO Records (who gained control of the band's Decca/London material in 1970) after the band's departure from Decca and Klein.
 Released in late 1971, it proved to be The Rolling Stones' biggest-selling release of their career and an enduring and popular retrospective.
Kaydean is a British-American record and TV producer, composer, DJ, record label executive and artist manager.
 Kaydean produces, composes and arranges music in the Dance, Electronica, Latin Pop, Contemporary R&B, and Electronica genres.
 Born in London, he has worked with many artists including Janet Jackson, Maxi Priest, Robyn, Man Parrish, Angel "Cucco" Peña, Baron Lopez, Raekwon, Ky-Mani Marley, Frankie Cutlass and Nocera amongst others.
 He is also known for discovering Latin Pop Star Janid and managing her career.
 He produced her Spanish album "La Magia" under the Sony Music Latin imprint label, Handshake and her Hit Single "Penicilina".
 In 2015 he debuted as a TV executive producer with Janid's reality show on Mega TV, The first episode aired on September 6, 2015.
Bigtop Records was an American record label started by music executive Johnny Bienstock and the major music publisher Hill & Range Music and was co-owned along with Big Top Record Distributors (sic).
 Hit artists included Del Shannon, Johnny and the Hurricanes, Lou Johnson, Sammy Turner, Don and Juan, and Toni Fisher.
 Big Top Record Distributors also distributed Paul Case's Dunes Records label in the early 60's, which had hits from Ray Peterson ("Corrina, Corrina") and Curtis Lee ("Pretty Little Angel Eyes"), both records produced by Phil Spector.
 Bell Records briefly distributed Bigtop prior to the label closing, around 1965.
 "Bigtop" also released two Mad Magazine music parody themed albums; "Mad Twists Rock 'N' Roll" and "Fink Along With Mad" in 1963.
Sargent House is an American management company and record label based in Los Angeles.
 It was founded in June 2006 by Cathy Pellow, who is a music video commissioner for Atlantic Records and also owns a music video production company called Refused TV.
 Pellow began managing the rock outfit RX Bandits in 2006.
 The band needed to release its new album "...And the Battle Begun", so Pellow decided to launch her own record label (also to be able to do things differently from the traditional model of record labels).
 From that point onward, Pellow continued to manage bands and release records, all under the Sargent House banner.
Bertelsmann Music Group (abbreviated as BMG) was a division of German media company Bertelsmann before its completion of sale of the majority of its assets to Japan's Sony Corporation of America on October 1, 2008.
 It was established in 1987 to combine the music label activities of Bertelsmann, which had recently acquired RCA Records and its associated labels.
 It consisted of the BMG Music Publishing company, the world's third largest music publisher and the world's largest independent music publisher, and (since August 2004) the 50% share of the joint venture with Sony Music Entertainment, which established the German American Sony BMG Music Entertainment (Sony BMG) from 2004 to 2008.
More Hot Rocks (Big Hits & Fazed Cookies) is the second compilation album of Rolling Stones music released by former manager Allen Klein's ABKCO Records (who usurped control of the band's Decca/London material in 1970) after the band's departure from Decca and Klein.
 Released in late 1972 as the follow-up to the hugely successful "Hot Rocks 1964–1971", it was another success for Klein and ABKCO.
Mike Mattison is an American musician and vocalist of the Grammy Award-winning blues rock/soul group, the Tedeschi Trucks Band, as well as lead vocalist and co-founder of the blues rock trio Scrapomatic.
 Mattison's vocal sound has been described as "strong," with an "expressive blues voice".
 As lead vocalist of Scrapomatic, he picked up a nomination for Minnesota Music Awards best male vocalist, and both he and co-founder Paul Olsen were also nominated for best R&B Group.
 Mattison was previously the lead vocalist of the Grammy Award winning Derek Trucks Band and has been a main songwriter of all three bands.
 He is also an active essayist who publishes on music and poetry.
 Since 2013 Mattison and Ernest Suarez have edited “Hot Rocks: Songs and Verse,” an ongoing feature in Five Points: A Journal of Literature and Art.
Low Transit Industries was an independent record label founded in Melbourne, Australia in 1999 by Darren Smallman (BATTLE WORLDWIDE) and Simon Baird.
 The label toured and released bands across the world until 2010 when the partners closed operations due to Darren Smallman moving to the UK where he now runs BATTLE WORLDWIDE which is a record label, book publisher, music publisher and PR services company.
