"Killer" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss.
 Featured on their 1982 album, "Creatures of the Night", the song was released as an A-side single in the United Kingdom.
 Although "I Love It Loud" was an A-side single in the United States, it would be relegated to the B-side in the UK.
 It was the first song Vinnie Vincent and Gene Simmons wrote together after the two had met.
 In addition to not being able to chart at all, Kiss has never performed the song live and it has only been released as a single and on all issues of the "Creatures of the Night" album (the song was switched places with "Saint and Sinner" on the 1985 reissue).
The Complete Set Limited Box is a box set released by South Korean pop group, Tohoshinki.
 It is a series of two Japanese compilation albums released by the Avex sub-label Rhythm Zone on June 30, 2010, two months after former Tohoshinki members Jejung, Yuchun, and Junsu left the band to form JYJ.
 The first compilation album in the series, Complete: Single A-Side Collection, includes all A-side singles released by Tohoshinki since their Japanese debut in April 2005.
 The second album, the Single B-Side Collection, consists of twelve popular B-side tracks Tohoshinki released over the years.
 The two albums were compiled together in the exclusive "Complete Set Limited Box", which was also released on June 30, 2010.
 The limited edition includes a 1,000-piece jigsaw puzzle.
"No Milk Today" is a song that was written by Graham Gouldman and originally recorded by British pop band Herman's Hermits.
 It was first released as a single by the Mancunian group in the UK in October 1966 and, with the B-side "My Reservation's Been Confirmed", enjoyed chart success, peaking at No. 7 in the UK Singles Chart.
 Although not released as a single in the US ("Dandy" was released in its place with the same B-side), it was popular enough to become a moderate hit when it was released there as the B-side to "There's a Kind of Hush", reaching No. 35 in 1967 (the A-side reaching No. 4).
 It was also a major hit in many European countries.
"I Feel Fine" is a song written by John Lennon (credited to Lennon–McCartney) and released in 1964 by the Beatles as the A-side of their eighth British single.
 The song has one of the first uses of guitar feedback in popular music.
"So Good To You" is a song that was written by Lynsey de Paul, and first released by Zakatek (aka Lenny Zakatek) as the B-side to his 1973 single, "I Gotcha Now", which also penned by de Paul.
 The single was released in 2 March 1973 and both songs were produced and arranged by de Paul.
 Her own version appeared in October 1973 as the B-side to her award-winning single "Won't Somebody Dance with Me", which was arranged by Christopher Gunning and produced by de Paul.
 In Japan, however, "So Good To You" was released as the A-side with "Won't Somebody Dance with Me" being relegated to the B-side on its release in 1974.
 All Music lists "So Good to You" as one of De Paul's song highlights.
 De Paul's version appeared for the first time on CD in 1996 on the album "Greatest Hits" and later as a track on the CD compilation "Sugar & Beyond: Anthology 1972-1974".
"P.S.K.
 What Does It Mean?"
 (also written as "P.S.K. (What Does It Mean?)")
 is a song released in 1985 by Philadelphia rapper Schoolly D on his independent label Schoolly D Records.
 P.S.K. are the initials for Park Side Killas, a street gang with which Schoolly D was affiliated.
 The highly influential song is considered the first hardcore rap song and features incidents of graphic sex, gunplay, drug references and one of the first uses of the word "nigga" in a rap song (earlier uses include "Scoopy Rap" and "Family Rap" in 1979, and "New York New York" in 1983).
"A New Day" is a non-album single by Killing Joke.
 It was released by E.G. Records in July 1984 as a 12" and 7" single.
 The 12" single featured a dub mix of "A New Day" as the A-side and "A New Day" as the B-side.
 The 7" single featured a shorter version of "A New Day" as the A-side and "Dance Day" as the B-side.
 A completely different version of "A New Day", which was not a mix, later appeared on the 2008 reissue of Killing Joke's fifth studio album, "Night Time".
 The single reached No. 51 in the UK Singles Chart.
 A promotional video was filmed for the song, marking the first time the band had made a video for a non-album single.
"The Earth is Dancing" (in Slovene: ""Zemlja pleše"") is a 1962 pop song, music of which was written by Mojmir Sepe based on a lyrics by Slovene poet Gregor Strniša that was awarded at the first edition of the Slovenian song festival where it was sung by a notable singer Marijana Držaj.
 The song became an evergreen, a popular and enduring example of Slovenian popular music.
 It has been since then released in a number of re-mixes.
 It also inspired one of the first musical videospots made in 1980s in Slovenia, at the time part of Yugoslavia, where both the videospot and the song were also popular.
"Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung" was a 1971 essay by Lester Bangs, later collected in a (ISBN  ).
 The essay, which talks about what is today called garage rock, contains the phrase, "...punk bands started cropping up who were writing their own songs but taking the Yardbirds' sound."
 This is believed to be one of the first uses of the word "punk" to refer to a type of rock music.
 A large section of the essay is concerned with the imagined longer career of the garage band the Count Five, after their hit "Psychotic Reaction".
 The band split after one album, but Bangs' discussion of the imagined subsequent records is entirely fanciful.
"White Horse" is a 1983 song written by Tim Stahl and John Guldberg of the Danish duo Laid Back.
 The song was released as the B-side of their single "Sunshine Reggae" which became a major hit in several European countries.
 In the US, the A-side was mainly ignored and it was the B-side that became most successful.
 It was released as a single and went on to spend three weeks at number one on the Dance Charts.
 The single also made the top five on the R&B singles chart and peaked at number 26 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Although being played in European clubs, it failed to chart there when re-released as an A-side.
