Jessi Ruth Klein (born August 17, 1975) is an American comedy writer and stand-up comic based out of New York City.
 Klein has regularly appeared on shows such as "The Showbiz Show with David Spade" and VH1's "Best Week Ever" and has performed stand-up on Comedy Central's "Premium Blend".
 She provided commentary for CNN in the debates of the 2004 presidential election.
 A self-proclaimed "geek", Klein has appeared on the television specials for "My Coolest Years: Geeks" on VH1 and "Rise of the Geeks" on E!.
 Klein also provided the voice of Lucy in the animated pilot for Adult Swim's "Lucy, the Daughter of the Devil".
Scott Clementine Jacobson (born 1977) is an American comedy writer and winner of four Emmys for contributions to "The Daily Show" with Jon Stewart and one Emmy for contributions to "Bob's Burgers".
 He has also written for The Academy Awards, Robert Smigel's "TV Funhouse" cartoons, and the Adult Swim show "Squidbillies" and is currently a writer on Fox's animated show Bob's Burgers, in addition to working night shifts at the Hollywood Chick-fil-A.
 He grew up in North Carolina, where he attended the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics and the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill earning a degree in Animal Husbandry.
 Throughout high school he regularly participated in National High School Rodeo Association rodeos, particularly in the goat tying and team roping events.
Harold "Hal" Block (August 2, 1913 – June 16, 1981) was an American comedy writer, comedian, producer, songwriter and television personality.
 Although Block was a highly successful comedy writer for over 15 years, today he is most often remembered as an original panelist of the television game show "What's My Line?
" who was fired from the show in its third season, reportedly for inappropriate on-air behavior.
 Block is a controversial figure in the history of television, denounced by some, while praised by others as a writer and for contributing to the original success of "What's My Line?"
Carol Kolb is an American comedy writer.
 She was a writer for and editor-in-chief of "The Onion", and a former head writer for the Onion News Network.
 She served as a writer on "Kroll Show", and later worked as a staff writer on the television series "Community" and "Review.
John Joseph Swartzwelder, Jr. (born February 8, 1949) is an American comedy writer and novelist, best known for his work on the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 Born in Seattle, Washington, Swartzwelder began his career working in advertising.
 He was later hired to work on comedy series "Saturday Night Live" in the mid-1980s as a writer.
 He later contributed to fellow writer George Meyer's short-lived "Army Man" magazine, which led him to join the original writing team of "The Simpsons", beginning in 1989.
Daniel Chun is an American comedy writer.
 He has written for "The Office" and "The Simpsons".
 He received a Writers Guild Award nomination and an Annie Award for his work on "The Simpsons".
 He was once head writer and an executive producer of "The Office," receiving two Emmy nominations for his work on the show.
 Chun has also contributed to the "Harvard Lampoon", TNR.com, "02138 Magazine", "New York Magazine", "The Huffington Post", and "Vitals" magazine, where he wrote the back page column.
 He wrote for the ABC comedy series "Happy Endings", joining the show as a writer and producer in season three.
 In 2015, his ABC Studios pilot "Grandfathered", starring John Stamos, was ordered to series on Fox.
Michael "Mike" L. Reiss (born September 15, 1959) is an American television comedy writer.
 He served as a show-runner, writer and producer for the animated series "The Simpsons" and co-created the animated series "The Critic".
 He created and wrote the webtoon "Queer Duck" and has also worked on screenplays including: "", "The Simpsons Movie" and "My Life in Ruins".
Duane Capizzi is an American writer and television producer.
 He is known for his extensive work in animated series for television, including the Emmy Award-winning "" for which he was Co-Executive Producer and Head Writer, and co-developed its follow-up .
 For Warner Bros Animation, he was writer/producer of the animated series" The Batman" as well as its spin-off feature, "The Batman vs. Dracula".
 He wrote the first DC Universe animated feature, "" (based on "The Death of Superman" saga, and directed by Bruce Timm).
 Other animated series producing/writing credits include "Jackie Chan Adventures", "Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot," "", and series development on the CG animated "" for Sony TV Animation.
 He was Writer and Story Editor for both animated spin-offs of Jim Carrey movies, "Ace Ventura Pet Detective" and .
 He also wrote and story-edited for several 'Disney Afternoon' TV series including "Darkwing Duck", "Aladdin", "TaleSpin", and "Bonkers".
 He began his career in animation writing scripts for "" for Harmony Gold.The series was never produced, but led to writing and story-editing on "".
Michael T. Scott is an American comedy writer, animation director and creator of the Happy Fatties online cartoon series, which has been featured on several notable web video sites including, YouTube, Dailymotion, Yahoo! Video, Openfilm, Animation World Network, Crackle, Aniboom, Funny or Die and Newgrounds.
Scott Gairdner is an American comedy writer and director, known for having created the Comedy Central animated series "Moonbeam City".
