Dr. Eugene B. Habecker is the 30th president of Taylor University and chairman of Christianity Today.
 Previously, Habecker was president of the American Bible Society.
 He is also the author of several books, two coauthored with his wife, Marylou Habecker.
 He was inaugurated in a ceremony on Friday, April 28, 2006, in Odle Arena on the Upland campus, only two days after a tragic fatal car accident involving several students and employees.
Eugene Melnyk (born May 27, 1959) is a Ukrainian Canadian businessman who has resided in Barbados since February 1991.
 He is the current and sole owner, governor, and chairman of the Ottawa Senators professional ice hockey franchise of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He is the founder, former chairman and CEO of Biovail Corporation which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals.
 Canadian Business magazine ranked Melnyk 79th with a net worth of $1.21 billion on its 2017 list of Canada's 100 wealthiest people.
 He is also one of the richest residents of Barbados, where he now lives.
The Type I rifle "Arisaka" (イ式小銃 , "I-shiki shōjū" ) was produced during the early years of World War II for the Japanese Empire by the Kingdom of Italy ("Type I" is not a numeric symbol, it denominates "Italian").
 After the invasion of China, all Arisaka production was required for use of the Imperial Army, so under the terms of the Anti-Comintern Pact, the Imperial Navy contracted with Italy for this weapon in 1937.
 The Type I is based on the Type 38 rifle and utilizes a Carcano action, but retains the Arisaka/Mauser type 5-round box magazine.
 The Type I was utilized primarily by Japanese Imperial Naval Forces.
 It is chambered for the 6.5 x 50 mm cartridge.
 Approximately 80,000 Type I rifles were produced in 1938 and 1939, 40,000 manufactured by Beretta and an equal number by Italian government arsenals; the final shipment to Japan left Venice by submarine in 1941.
Eugene Cross Park is a rugby and cricket ground in Ebbw Vale, Wales.
 In November 1919 the Ebbw Vale Welfare Association was formed and bought the "Bridgend Field".
 The 6 acre of land became known as the Welfare Ground, and in 1973 its name was changed to its present title in honour of Sir Eugene Cross, the influential and long-standing Chairman of the Welfare Trustees.
 The ground has terraces, a stand which was bought due to a fire which burnt the previous stands and a clubhouse which boasts a pub, a club shop open at match days and award-winning hospitality packages.
 The stadium is adjacent to the B4486 road, the Newchurch Road and the Ebbw River.
Eugene "Gene" Robert Black Sr. (May 1, 1898 – February 20, 1992) was President of the World Bank from 1949 to 1963.
 His father, a 1930s Chairman of the Federal Reserve, also named Eugene Robert Black, did not use the "Sr." suffix; Gene's son (the third in line) became Eugene Robert Black Jr.
The Type 4 Rifle, often referred to as the Type 5 Rifle, (Japanese: 四式自動小銃 "Yon-shiki jidousyoujyuu") was a Japanese experimental semi-automatic rifle.
 It was a copy of the American M1 Garand but with an integral 10-round magazine and chambered for the Japanese 7.7×58mm Arisaka cartridge.
 Where the Garand used an en-bloc clip, the Type 4's integral magazine was charged with two 5-round stripper clips and the rifle also used Japanese-style tangent sights.
 The Type 4 had been developed alongside several other experimental semi-automatic rifles.
 However, none of the rifles entered into service before the end of World War II, with only 250 being made, and many others were never assembled.
 There were several problems with jamming and feed systems, which also delayed its testing.
Eugene Brody, (Eugene Bloor Brody), (1921–2010) was an American psychiatrist.
 Brody was chairman of the department of psychiatry at the University of Maryland School of Medicine and Dean for social and behavioral studies at the University of Maryland.
The QBB-95 (Type 95) () is the light support weapon variant of the Chinese Type 95 family.
 Based on the QBZ-95, the standard issue to most PLA units, most parts and ammunition of them are interchangeable (while small number of units are issued with Type 56, Type 81, or Type 03 Assault rifle, the latter of which also chambers the same 5.8×42mm DBP87 round).
 This family includes a standard Assault rifle variant, a compact carbine variant and this particular light support weapon/Squad automatic weapon variant.
 The longer, heavier barrel and 80-round drum magazine of the QBB-95 allow sustained firing, however the standard 30-round box magazine is also compatible.
Edward Eugene "Eugene" or "Goober" Cox (April 3, 1880 – December 24, 1952) served as a U.S. Representative from Georgia for nearly twenty-eight years.
 A conservative Democrat who supported segregation and opposed President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's "New Deal," Cox became the most senior Democrat on the House Committee on Rules.
 Two special investigative committees that he chaired were heavily criticized as result-oriented persecutions of those Cox did not like.
 A failed attempt to create another such committee would turn out to have far-reaching consequences: in 1941, with American entry into World War II seeming inevitable, Cox proposed an investigative committee, similar to the Civil War-era Joint Committee on the Conduct of the War, to deal with matters of national defense.
 When Roosevelt learned of Cox's intentions, he pre-empted them by agreeing to a similar proposal from Missouri Senator Harry S. Truman; the Truman Committee would come to be seen as a significant asset to the war effort, and its chairman - a little-known "backbencher" at the time of its founding - would become Roosevelt's Vice President and, after his death in 1945, President of the United States.
Chasing Daylight is a biography and a common-sense guidebook on how to embrace death without fear or sadness by Eugene O'Kelly, who is the Ex-Chairman and former CEO of KPMG, one of the largest U.S. accounting firms.
 The biography won, among other awards, the International Business Book Award from the Financial Times.
 The author, Eugene O’Kelly, was the CEO and Chairman of KPMG until being diagnosed with a terminal brain tumor at 53.
 He quit his job to settle his accounts with friends and family and write his book to convey how he lived the last 100 days of his life and make it the best time of his life.
