Bolna (Lule Sami: "Bållná" ) is a mountain in the Saltfjellet mountain range in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.
 The mountain peak reaches 1460 m above sea level, and is located just north of the Arctic Circle inside Saltfjellet–Svartisen National Park.
 The mountain peak is located less than 2 km west of the municipal border with Saltdal and about 15 km west of the border with Sweden.
Rongme Ngatra is the highest peak of the Chola Mountains in the Kham region of western Sichuan, China.
 The peak's name in Mandarin Chinese is Que Er Shan () also the same name as the entire range, which has led to some translations of the mountain peak to Chola Mountain.
 At 6,168 m , the mountain is the highest peak in the Chola Mountains, as well as the second highest in the greater Shaluli Mountains after Ge'nyen.
 The mountain peak is flanked by glaciers to the north and east.
 The north glacier terminates at 4,100 m above sea level, just above the nearby lake Yihun Lhatso.
 Rongme Ngatra can be accessed from the town of Manigango in Dege County, Garze Prefecture.
Sherpi Kangri is a mountain peak in the Karakoram Range.
 It lies five km south of Ghent Kangri (7,380 m) and ten km northwest of Saltoro Kangri (7,742 m).
Falak Sar (Urdu: فلک سر‎ ; also known as Falak Sair) is the highest mountain peak in Ushu Valley of Swat, Pakistan at an elevation of 5918 m , it is considered the highest peak of the Swat district in the Hindu Kush mountains range, followed by Mankial mountain peak.
Chiradzulu Mountain is located approximately 20 km to the north-east of Blantyre, Malawi's main commercial centre.
 The administrative district of Chiradzulu in southern Malawi was named after this mountain.
 Chiradzulu Mountain rises to a peak of 1,773m above seal level and is the third highest mountain peak in southern Malawi.
 It comes third after Mulanje Mountain, whose famous Sapitwa peak rises to 3,002m above sea level; and Zomba Mountain, which rises to 2,085m above sea level at its peak.
Baltoro Kangri (Urdu: بلتورو کنگری‎ ; also known as the Golden Throne) is a mountain of the Karakoram mountain range in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
 Baltoro Kangri is the 82nd highest mountain in the world with an elevation of 7312 m .
 It lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak (7,665 m).
 The huge Baltoro Glacier (which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions) rises from the foot of Baltoro Kangri.
 In the north of Baltoro Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier.
Chongtar Kangri or Chongtar Peak is a mountain peak in the Xinjiang region of China.
 Chongtar is situated about 10 km northwest of K2 and lies very near China's border with Pakistan.
Liangkang Kangri (also known as "Liankang Kangri") is a mountain peak in the Himalayas on the border between Bhutan and China, as well as at the southeastern end of territory claimed by both countries.
 Liangkang Kangri is 7535 m high.
 To the south, a ridge leads to the 7570 m Gangkhar Puensum 2 km to the south-southeast .
 Due to the low saddle height of 234 m , Liangkang Kangri is not regarded as an independent mountain.
 Westward a ridge leads to the 6680 m high Chumhari Kang.
 The Liangkanggletscher on the northwest flank and the Namsanggletscher on the eastern flank of Liangkang Kangri form the headwaters of the Lhobrak Chhu, a source river of Kuri Chhu.
 The glacier on the southwest flank belongs to the catchment area of Angde Chhu.
Karjiang is a mountain in Tibet, located near the Bhutan–China border.
 The highest peak of the Karjiang group is Karjiang I or Karjiang South, with an elevation of 7221 m ; it remains unclimbed.
 Other peaks include Karjiang North (7196 m), Karjiang II/Central (7045 m), Karjiang III or Taptol Kangri (6820 m) and the top of the north-eastern shoulder (6400 m).
Šatorica (Albanian: "Shatoricë" ; Serbian: "Šatorica" , Cyrillic: Шаторица, from the Serbian word "šator" (шатор) which means "tent") is a mountain peak in the southern part of the Kopaonik range in the north of Kosovo .
 At 1,770m high it is the third highest peak in the Kosovan part of the range and the Lab River originates close to this mountain peak.
