Counting On (formerly Jill & Jessa: Counting On) is an American reality television show that has aired on the cable channel TLC since 2015.
 A spin-off show of "19 Kids and Counting", it features the Duggar family: Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, sixteen of their seventeen siblings, and parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar.
 The show was created in the wake of the Josh Duggar molestation controversy and subsequent cancellation of 19 Kids and Counting.
St. Ursula's College is an independent, private secondary girls' school in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia.
 A Catholic school, it was established in 1931 by Ursuline nuns.
 The school is heavily influenced by the teachings of Saint Angela Merici.
 Many of the school's buildings are named after Italian cities and places such as Brescia and Lake Garda that were part of Merici's life.
 It enrols both boarding students and day students, and attracts many girls from remote locations throughout Queensland and New South Wales as boarders.
Norwich Canoe Club is based at Whitlingham, Trowse in Norwich, Norfolk, UK with Whitlingham Great Broad, Whitlingham Little Broad, River Yare and River Wensum on its doorstep.
 It is a canoe and kayak racing club that focuses on flatwater sprint canoeing and marathon canoeing.
 It is a friendly club where canoeing is safe and fun and welcomes anyone who wants to have a go on the water.
 The club has as many girls as boys and as many women as men and also lots of families who all come and paddle together.
 Members are all ages, from 7 to 70 so there is definitely a place for everyone.
Mingus Mountain Academy is a private, all-girls alternative high school in Prescott Valley, Arizona, United States.
 It is operated by Sequel Youth and Family Services.
 It is one of three Arizona Interscholastic Association-member single-sex high schools, along with Brophy College Preparatory/Xavier College Preparatory.
 Mingus Mountain Academy is also a behavioral treatment center for troubled youth.
 Many girls who attend the academy have come from Juvenile Hall, the streets, or past placements.
 This treatment facility offers girls skills to use after they leave Mingus.
The hillstream loaches or river loaches are a family, the Balitoridae, of small fish from South, Southeast and East Asia.
 The family includes about 99 species.
 They are sometimes sold as "lizardfish" or (in Germany) "flossensaugers".
 Many of the species are popular for aquaria.
 They have a number of similarities with the Cobitidae, their sibling family of "loaches", such as multiple barbels around the mouth.
 They should not be confused with the loricariids, which look similar but are a family of catfish.
Counting On (formerly Jill & Jessa: Counting On) is an American reality television show that has aired on the cable channel TLC since 2015.
 A spin-off show of "19 Kids and Counting", it features the Duggar family: Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, sixteen of their seventeen siblings, and parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar.
 The show was created in the wake of the Josh Duggar molestation controversy and subsequent cancellation of 19 Kids and Counting.
Lights Out is the 9-volume manhwa written by Lee Myung-jin, the author of Ragnarok.
 This manhwa is about the high school student Nam Gung Geon, a violent transfer student from the Chi Jon High School to Puk Ye High School.
 His life is changed by meeting Min Seung-Ah, the land-lady of the inn named "Fate", granddaughter of the inn owner, and also a beautiful girl.
 In the last of the story, Geon meets many friends such as Sin Na-Rae, Kim Mi-Na, Ji-Ae, Kim Tae-Min, Son Seo-Ho, etc. and many girls have a crush of him because he wins the 2nd award of the Motor Grandprix.
19 Kids and Counting (formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting) is an American reality television show that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years until its cancellation in 2015.
 The show features the Duggar family: parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their 19 children—nine girls and 10 boys, all of whose names begin with the letter "J".
 During the life of the show, three children were born, three children were married and four grandchildren born.
Tshepo means hope in Sesotho, Sepedi, and in Setswana it means 'Trust'.
 The name is derived from 'tshepa' which means trust (all Sotho languages used in Southern Africa, particularly in Botswana, Lesotho, and South Africa).
 In Sesotho the name is spelled Tsepo, without an "h" though in pronunciation it sounds the same as in Sepedi and Setswana.
 It is a common name for boys.
 Many girls are named Matshepo, which literally means mother of hope.
 This gendered difference is only meant to give a sense of respect and dignity to women whose name is derived from Tshepo.
 But many families simply name their daughters Tshepo.
 Tshepo is commonly translated in Sotho and Sepedi as also meaning trust.
 However, the name trust in Sesotho is also Tshepile, not to be confused with Tshepiso which means promise and faith is Tumelo.
 For Setswana speakers hope is Tsholofelo.
Chris Burnett (born Christopher LeRoy Burnett on November 2, 1955) is an American saxophone player, composer, veteran of US military jazz bands and band leader.
 Born in Olathe, Kansas, Burnett's family moved relatively frequently during his early childhood due to his father being a member of the active US military service.
 His sibling family lived at places such as: France, Michigan, and Colorado prior to settling permanently back home in the Kansas City metro area.
 His brother, Richie Pratt (March 11, 1943 – February 12, 2015), who was also a musician (Lionel Hampton, Junior Mance, Aretha Franklin, New York Jazz Quartet, Broadway, films, studios ...), and the eldest sibling in his family continually served as a significant professional role model and mentor.
