Chamber opera is a designation for operas written to be performed with a chamber ensemble rather than a full orchestra.
 Early 20th century operas of this type include Paul Hindemith's "Cardillac" (1926).
 Earlier small-scale operas such as Pergolesi's "La serva padrona" (1733) are sometimes known as chamber operas.
Orontea is an opera in a prologue and three acts by the Italian composer Antonio Cesti with a libretto by Giacinto Andrea Cicognini (revised by Giovanni Filippo Apolloni).
 The first performance took place in Innsbruck on 19 February 1656.
 "Orontea" was one of the most popular Italian operas of the 17th century.
 It includes well-known soprano arias such as ""Intorno all'idol mio"" (English: ""Around my idol""), ""Addio Corindo"" and ""Il mio ben dice ch'io speri"".
Orlando finto pazzo (] ; "Orlando, the Fake Madman") is an opera ("dramma per musica") in three acts composed by Antonio Vivaldi to a libretto by Grazio Braccioli.
 The plot is based on an episode in Matteo Boiardo's unfinished epic poem "Orlando Innamorato" (] ).
 The second of Vivaldi's known operas, "Orlando finto pazzo" premiered in November 1714 (dedication 10 November) at the Teatro Sant'Angelo in Venice.
 Vivaldi acted as impresario (in partnership with his father Giovanni Battista) as well as composer.
 Apparently the opera did not meet much approval from the audience and was billed only on few dates, just to be replaced, on 1 December, by a revival of Giovanni Alberto Ristori’s "Orlando furioso" (] ), a work that the Vivaldi ""impresa"" had very successfully staged in 1713.
Armida al campo d'Egitto is an opera in three acts by Antonio Vivaldi to a libretto by Giovanni Palazzo.
 It was first performed during the Carnival season of 1718 at the Teatro San Moisè in Venice.
 Vivaldi's version is different from the more than 50 operas whose themes derive in varying degrees from the story of Rinaldo and Armida in Torquato Tasso's epic poem "La Gerusalemme liberata" ("Jerusalem Delivered").
 Unlike the more than 50 operas based on the romance of Rinaldo and Armida, Vivaldi's version starts during previous events before the war against the Crusaders.
 Armida was revived for the Carnival season of 1738, with much of the music rewritten, and arias by Leonardo Leo added.
 Act II of the original version of the opera is now lost.
Armida is an opera in three acts by Josef Mysliveček set to a libretto by Giovanni Ambrogio Migliavacca based on an earlier libretto by Philippe Quinault.
 It is one of many operas set at the time of the Crusades that is based on characters and incidents from Torquato Tasso's epic poem "La Gerusalemme liberata".
 This opera (and all the rest of Mysliveček's operas) belong to the serious type in Italian language referred to as "opera seria".
 It incorporates many elements from the operatic "reform" movement of the 1770s, including short vocal numbers and short choruses incorporated into the fabric of the drama and lavish use of accompanied recitative.
Cardillac is an opera by Paul Hindemith in three acts and four scenes.
 wrote the libretto based on characters from the short story "Das Fräulein von Scuderi" by E.T.A. Hoffmann.
Il Medonte is an Italian opera in three acts by Josef Mysliveček set to a libretto by Giovanni de Gamerra.
 Like all of the composer's operas, it belongs to the serious genre in Italian referred to as opera seria.
La Dori, overo Lo schiavo reggio (Doris, or The Royal Slave) is a tragi-comic opera in a prologue and three acts composed by Antonio Cesti to a libretto by Giovanni Filippo Apolloni.
 It was first performed in the court theatre at Innsbruck in 1657.
 The story is set in Babylon on the shores of the Euphrates and is a convoluted tale of mistaken identities—a female protagonist who disguised as a man eventually regains her lost lover, and a man disguised as a woman who causes another man to fall in love with him.
 In several respects it resembles the plot of Cesti and Apolloni's earlier opera "L'Argia" and foreshadows Apostolo Zeno's libretto for "Gli inganni felici" (1695) and Metastasio's libretto for "L'Olimpiade" (1733).
 The first Italian staging of "La Dori" was in Florence in 1661 for the wedding of Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany.
 It subsequently became one of the most popular operas in 17th-century Italy.
 The opera was revived three times in the 20th century, beginning in 1983.
The Singing Lesson is a chamber opera in three acts with music and libretto by Matthew Davidson.
 Based on three short stories ("The Garden Party", "The Singing Lesson", and "The Doll’s House") by New Zealand author Katherine Mansfield, the opera is very unusual in several respects.
 For instance, the three acts are not connected by a conventional plot, but instead by literary themes.
 Those themes are class conflict (Acts 1 and 3) and a marriage of convenience (Act 2).
 However, the overall literary theme for all three acts is delusion.
Bodo Igesz (February 7, 1935, Amsterdam - December 25, 2014, Manhattan) was a Dutch stage director who had an active career staging operas around the world during the second half of the 20th century.
 He was particularly known for his work with the Metropolitan Opera where he worked for 25 years on the staging staff.
 He also staged operas for the Salzburg Festival, and staged numerous operas for the Santa Fe Opera; including the United States premieres of Hindemith's "Cardillac" (1967), Schoenberg's "Die Jakobsleiter" (1968), Henze's "The Bassarids" (1968) and Aribert Reimann's "Melusine" (1972).
