Feu (Lao: ເຝີ ; also known as Lao beef stew, Lao beef noodle soup or feu noodle soup and sometimes spelled fer) is a long-simmered Lao stew or noodle soup most often made with meat and bones (beef or chicken), vegetables, and herbs.
 Feu may be served two ways, either as a stew along with steamed rice or as a noodle soup consisting of rice noodles.
 The English name for this Lao dish is "feu", a spelling derived from the French dish "pot-au-feu "; however, in Laos, this Lao stew or noodle soup is written as ເຝີ in the Lao script.
John Ormsby (1829–1895) was a nineteenth-century British translator.
 He is most famous for his 1885 English translation of Miguel de Cervantes' "Don Quixote de la Mancha", perhaps the most scholarly and accurate English translation of the novel up to that time.
 It is so precise that Samuel Putnam, who published his own English translation of the novel in 1949, faults Ormsby for duplicating Cervantes' pronouns so closely that the meaning of the sentences sometimes becomes confusing.
The Emphatic Diaglott is a diaglot, or two-language polyglot translation, of the New Testament by Benjamin Wilson, first published in 1864.
 It is an interlinear translation with the original Greek text and a word-for-word English translation in the left column, and a full English translation in the right column.
 It is based on the interlinear translation, the renderings of eminent critics, and various readings of the Vatican Manuscript.
 It includes illustrative and explanatory footnotes, references, and an alphabetical appendix.
I fu mie or yi fu mein is a crispy deep fried thick noodle dish served in a thick savoury sauce with pieces of meat or seafood and vegetables.
 The dishes are to be served hot while the noodles are still crisp until the noodles are softened by the sauce and are ready to be eaten.
 The dish is one of the most popular noodle dishes in Chinese Indonesian cuisine.
 The type of noodle being used in this dish is the thick "yi mein" noodle, hence the origin of its name.
 It is quite similar to "mie kering" noodles from Makassar.
Bavette ] is a type of pasta, a narrower version of tagliatelle.
 It is a ribbon noodle, similar to spaghetti, that has a flat section and a slightly convex shape.
 This type of pasta originates in Genoa and are the most typical type of Ligurian pasta cut.
 Although it can be disputed, Bavette is one of the more ancient types of long pasta.
Tagliatelle (] ) and tagliolini (from the Italian "tagliare", meaning "to cut") are a traditional type of pasta from Emilia-Romagna and Marche, regions of Italy.
 Individual pieces of "tagliatelle" are long, flat ribbons that are similar in shape to fettuccine and are typically about 6.5 mm to 10 mm (0.25 to 0.375 inch) wide.
 "Tagliatelle" can be served with a variety of sauces, though the classic is a meat sauce or Bolognese sauce.
 Tagliolini is another variety of tagliatelle that is long and cylindrical in shape, not long and flat.
Taglierini ] (or Tagliolini) is a type of ribbon pasta, long like Spaghetti, two to three mm or roughly a tenth of an inch wide, similar to tagliatelle, but thin like Capellini.
 It is a traditional recipe in regions Molise and Piedmont of Italy, in Piedmont called Tajarin and made of egg dough ("pasta all'uovo").
 The dough also contains semolina, flavor and salt.
 It is typically served with butter and truffles ("tajarin ai tartufi") or meat roast sauce.
 Taglierini finish in short cooking time, exceedingly on fresh doug and fit best to light sauces, fish, delicacies or soups.
Sanxiang noodle ( ) is one of the famous local food of Zhongshan city, Guangdong province, China.
 It has a history of more than 200 years.
 Because of the special recipe and techniques, the noodle is round and stretchy, which is similar to Guiling noodle, another well-known noodle of China.
 There are many different types of sanxiang noodle according to people’s favor.
 People usually eat it with the company of meat, chicken, vegetables, roast pork, pork liver and so on.
 Everyone can make their favorite Sanxiang noodle.
 They can boil it as well as fry it.
Kwetiau goreng (Indonesian for "fried flat noodle") is a Chinese Indonesian and Malay Singaporean stir fried flat rice noodles, it is a flavorful and spicy fried noodle dish common in Indonesia.
 It is made from locally known "kwetiau（粿條）" (shahe fen or 河粉 "hé fěn" in Chinese) stir fried in cooking oil with garlic, onion or shallots, beef, chicken, fried prawn, crab or sliced bakso (meatballs), chili, Chinese cabbage, cabbages, tomatoes, egg, and other vegetables with ample of "kecap manis" (sweet soy sauce).
 In Asia kwetiau is available in two forms, dried and wet one.
 Its recipe is quite similar with another Chinese Indonesian favourite; "mie goreng" with exception replacing yellow wheat noodles with flat rice noodle.
Mie Kering or Makassar Dried Noodle is an Indonesian Chinese cuisine, a type of dried noodle served with thick gravy and sliced chicken, shrimp, mushrooms, liver, and squid.
 It is somewhat similar to Chinese I fu mie, only the noodle is thinner.
