The 2009 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 9, 2009, at the Gibson Amphitheatre, Universal City, California.
 The event was hosted by the Jonas Brothers, Nick, Kevin and Joe, who also performed. "
Twilight" took home most awards with the total of 10 wins out of 11 nominations, including Robert Pattinson winning Choice Male Hottie.
 Miley Cyrus presented Britney Spears with the Ultimate Choice Award.
The 2013 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 11, 2013 and broadcast on Fox.
 The awards celebrate the year's achievements in music, film, television, sports, fashion, comedy, and the Internet, and are voted on by mostly female teenage viewers aged 13 through 19.
 This was the last "Teen Choice Award" ceremony to take place at the Gibson Amphitheatre due to the venue closing down in September 2013, to make room for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. ""
 won eight of its nine nominations, "Pretty Little Liars" won all of its seven nominations, pushing the series' total to eighteen Teen Choice Awards, "Pitch Perfect" won four of its eleven, "Glee" won four and Bruno Mars won two of their eight, respectively, Taylor Swift won two of her seven, and Demi Lovato won four of her six, One Direction won all six of their nominations (including the awards received by Harry Styles), remaining undefeated at the Teen Choice Awards, Selena Gomez won three of her six nominations and Miley Cyrus won three of her six nominations.
 Miley Cyrus took home the "Candie's Fashion Trendsetter" award.
Julia O'Hara Stiles (born March 28, 1981) is an American actress.
 Born and raised in New York City, Stiles began acting at age 11 and made her screen debut as Erica Dansby in six episodes of the television series "Ghostwriter" (1993–1994).
 Her first film role was in "I" "Love You, I Love You Not" (1996), followed by a leading role in the thriller "Wicked" (1998), for which she was awarded the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival Award for Best Actress.
 She went on to gain prominence for her lead roles in teen films such as "10 Things I Hate About You" (1999) for which she won MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance and was nominated for two Teen Choice Awards, "Down to You" (2000), for which she was nominated for another two Teen Choice Awards, and "Save the Last Dance" (2001), winning the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress and was nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Female Performance.
The 1999 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 1, 1999, at the Gibson Amphitheatre, Universal City, California.
 The event didn't have a designated host, however, Britney Spears introduced the show with Christina Aguilera, Blink-182, NSYNC and Gloria Estefan, and Britney Spears as performers.
The 2000 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 6, 2000 and broadcast on Fox.
 The awards celebrated the year's achievements in music, film, television, sports, fashion, comedy and the Internet, and were voted on by teen viewers aged 13 through 19.
 The event had no designated host but Freddie Prinze Jr. introduced the show with 98 Degrees, BBMak, No Doubt and Enrique Iglesias as performers.
The 2017 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 13, 2017.
 The awards celebrated the year's achievements in music, film, television, sports, fashion, comedy, and the Internet, and were voted on by viewers aged 13–19 through various social media sites.
 A three hour musical festival called "Teen Fest" and hosted by Jake Paul was streamed exclusively on YouTube with some of the event appearing during the Teen Choice broadcast.
 Throughout the show, several celebrities, including Vanessa Hudgens, Zendaya and Lauren Jauregui of Fifth Harmony, addressed the aftermath of the 2017 Unite the Right rally and encouraged teens to speak out against violence and hate.
The 2011 Teen Choice Awards ceremony, hosted by Kaley Cuoco, aired live on August 7, 2011 at 8/7c on Fox.
 This was the first time that the ceremonies were aired live since the 2007 show.
Aria Marie Montgomery is a fictional character in the "Pretty Little Liars" series by Sara Shepard.
 She is portrayed by Lucy Hale in the television adaptation, which premiered on ABC Family in June 2010.
 Lucy Hale was named Choice Summer TV Star: Female at the 2010 Teen Choice Awards and 2011 Teen Choice Awards for her role in the series.
The 2016 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on July 31, 2016 at The Forum in Inglewood, California.
 The awards celebrate the year's achievements in music, film, television, sports, fashion, comedy, and the Internet, and were voted on by viewers aged 13–19 through various social media sites.
 Justin Timberlake received the inaugural Decade Award.
 The ceremony was hosted by John Cena and Victoria Justice.
 This year's surfboard awards were inspired by the dress of 2015 Choice Dancer Chloe Lukasiak.
The 2001 Teen Choice Awards ceremony was held on August 12, 2001, at the Gibson Amphitheatre, Universal City, California.
 The event had no designated host but David Spade introduced the show with Aaron Carter and Nick Carter, Usher, Eve and Gwen Stefani and Shaggy as performers.
 Sarah Michelle Gellar received the Extraordinary Achievement Award.
