Alan Graham Ramsey (born 3 January 1938) is an Australian columnist and former writer for "The Sydney Morning Herald".
 He first started working in journalism in 1953, for Frank Packer who then owned Sydney's "Daily Telegraph".
 He gained experience working for small newspapers in Mount Isa and Darwin before joining Australian Associated Press.
 For AAP, Ramsey worked as a correspondent in Port Moresby and London before being appointed as a correspondent to travel with the first contingent of Australian combat troops to Vietnam in 1965.
 Returning to Australia, he was appointed by "The Australian" to cover federal politics in Canberra in February 1966.
The Associated Press NFL Most Valuable Player Award is presented annually by the Associated Press (AP) to the National Football League (NFL) player deemed to have been the "most valuable" in that year's regular season.
 While there have been many selectors of NFL MVPs in the past, today the MVP award presented by the AP is considered the "de facto" official NFL MVP award and the most prestigious.
 Since 2011, the NFL has held the annual NFL Honors ceremony to recognize the winner of each year's Associated Press MVP award, along with other AP awards, such as the AP NFL Offensive Player of the Year and AP NFL Defensive Player of the Year.
 The incumbent AP NFL MVP is Matt Ryan, who led the Atlanta Falcons to an 11–5 record and whose 117.1 passer rating was the highest among quarterbacks in the 2016 season.
Peter Veness (10 April 1984 – 15 January 2012) was an Australian journalist.
 He worked in the Press Gallery at Parliament House for the Australian Associated Press.
The 1973 NCAA College Division football rankings are from the United Press International poll of College Division head coaches and from the Associated Press poll of sportswriters and broadcasters.
 The 1973 season was the sixteenth year UPI published a Coaches Poll and it was the fourteenth year for the Associated Press.
 Both polls used the term "College Division" in 1973, but many of the referenced publications continued to use the "Small College" terminology.
Melissa Sweet is an Australian freelance journalist and nonfiction writer.
 Formerly employed by "The Sydney Morning Herald", The Bulletin magazine and Australian Associated Press, she specialises in writing about human health and medicine.
Associated Press of Pakistan (APP) is a government-operated national news agency of Pakistan.
 The name APP should not to be confused with Associated Press Service (APS) is a private independent Pakistani news agency and other the much larger Associated Press news agency (AP), based in New York, though it is a subscriber to both AP and Reuters, based in London.
 APP has News Exchange Agreements with 37 Foreign News Agencies and more than 500 correspondents.
Australian Associated Press (AAP) is an Australian news agency.
 The organisation was established in 1935 by Keith Murdoch.
The Who's Who in Australia is an Australian biographical reference first published by Fred Johns in 1906 as Johns's Notable Australians.
 It has been used by academics as a resource that identifies Australia's leading individuals, and as a research tool by journalists and historians.
 The Who's Who reference publication is currently published by Australian Associated Press (AAP).
The 1974 NCAA College Division football rankings are from the United Press International poll of College Division head coaches and from the Associated Press poll of sportswriters and broadcasters.
 The 1974 season was the seventeenth year UPI published a Coaches Poll and it was the fifteenth year for the Associated Press.
 Both polls used the term "College Division" in 1974, but many of the referenced publications continued to use the "Small College" terminology.
Christopher David Lee (born 28 March 1947) is an Australian scriptwriter who has been an Australian Associated Press journalist and foreign correspondent and has worked as a script consultant in New Zealand, Singapore and New York City.
 He has won an AFI Award and four AWGIE Awards and is the recipient of a Centenary Medal and a Queensland Premier's Literary Award.
