Mellon Institute of Industrial Research, founded in 1913 by Andrew W. Mellon and Richard B. Mellon, merged with the Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1967 to form Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
 While it ceased to exist as a distinct institution, the landmark building bearing its name remains located at the corner of Fifth Avenue and Bellefield Avenue in Oakland, the city's university district.
 It is sited adjacent to The Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute (SEI) and the University of Pittsburgh's Bellefield Hall and is across Bellefield Avenue from two other local landmarks: the University of Pittsburgh's Heinz Memorial Chapel and the Cathedral of Learning.
The Carnegie Mellon University Usable Privacy and Security Laboratory (CUPS) was established in the Spring of 2004 to bring together Carnegie Mellon University researchers working on a diverse set of projects related to understanding and improving the usability of privacy and security software and systems.
 The privacy and security research community has become increasingly aware that usability problems severely impact the effectiveness of mechanisms designed to provide security and privacy in software systems.
 Indeed, one of the four grand research challenges in information security and assurance identified by the Computing Research Association in 2003 is: "Give end-users security controls they can understand and privacy they can control for the dynamic, pervasive computing environments of the future."
 This is the challenge that CUPS strives to address.
 CUPS is affiliated with Carnegie Mellon CyLab and has members from the Engineering and Public Policy Department, the School of Computer Science, the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, the Heinz College, and the Department of Social and Decision Sciences.
Jeff Friedman is an American poet and professor.
 He is the author of five books of poetry, "Black Threads", (Carnegie Mellon University Press, 2007), "Taking Down the Angel" (Carnegie Mellon University Press, 2003), "Scattering the Ashes" (selected in the open competition for the Carnegie Mellon University Press Poetry Series, 1998) and "The Record-Breaking Heat Wave" (BkMk Press-University of Missouri-Kansas City, 1986).
 His fifth book, "Working in Flour" is coming out soon on Carnegie Mellon University Press.
The Mellon College of Science (MCS) at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA houses the Chemistry, Mathematical Sciences, Physics, and Biological Sciences departments.
 In addition, it oversees several interdisciplinary research centers.
 MCS also awards the Dickson Prize in Science.
 The college is named for the Mellon family, founders of the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research, a predecessor of Carnegie Mellon University.
Venkatesan Guruswami (born 1976) is a computer scientist at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, United States.
 He did his schooling at Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan in Chennai, India.
 He completed his undergraduate in Computer Science from IIT Madras and his doctorate from Massachusetts Institute of Technology under the supervision of Madhu Sudan in 2001 .
 After receiving his PhD, he spent a year at UC Berkeley as a Miller Fellow, and then was a member of the faculty at the University of Washington from 2002 to 2009.
 His primary area of research is computer science, and in particular on error-correcting codes.
 Following 2007, he was on leave from University of Washington.
 During 2007-2008, he visited the Institute for Advanced Study as a Member of School of Mathematics.
 He also visited SCS at Carnegie Mellon University during 2008-09 as a Visiting Faculty.
 In July 2009, he joined the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University as Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department.
Dzvinia Orlowsky is a Ukrainian American poet, translator, editor, and professor.
 She is author of five poetry collections including "Convertible Night, Flurry of Stones" (Carnegie Mellon University Press, 2009) and her most recent, "Silvertone "(Carnegie Mellon University Press, 2013)" ."
 She is co-winner of the Sheila Motton Book Award.
 Her first collection, "A Handful of Bees", was reprinted in 2009 as a Carnegie Mellon University Classic Contemporary.
Lori L. Holt is a Professor of Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University.
 She specializes in speech perception, focusing on how general perceptual and cognitive mechanisms contribute to speech perception and how speech can be used to broadly understand auditory cognition.
 In pursuit of these research areas, she employs human perceptual and learning paradigms as well as animal behavioral experiments and computational models.
 Holt received a B.S. in psychology from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1995 and a Ph.D. in cognitive psychology with a minor in neurophysiology from UW–Madison in 1999, and she has been employed at Carnegie Mellon University and has been a member of the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition ever since.
 Holt is the director of the Speech Perception & Learning Laboratory at Carnegie Mellon University.
 She was one of two recipients of the Troland Research Awards in 2013.
Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar (Arabic: جامعة كارنيجي ميلون في قطر), is one of the branch campuses of Carnegie Mellon University, located in Doha, Qatar.
 It is Carnegie Mellon's first undergraduate branch campus, is a member of the Qatar Foundation, and began graduating students in May 2008.
Gloriana St. Clair (born 1939) is a pioneer in the field of academic librarianship, as well as a scholar of Norse Mythology and its relationship to the works of J.R.R. Tolkien.
 She is currently the Principal Investigator of the Olive Executable Archive as well as the official University Liaison to the Pittsburgh chapter of the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.
 She is Dean Emerita of Carnegie Mellon University Libraries (1998-2013).
 Before coming to Carnegie Mellon, St. Clair held leadership positions at several other universities.
 St. Clair attended the University of California, Berkeley, receiving a bachelor's degree in English in 1962 and a master's degree in library science in 1963.
David S. Touretzky is a research professor in the Computer Science Department and the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition at Carnegie Mellon University.
 He received a BA in Computer Science at Rutgers University in 1978, and earned a master's degree and a Ph.D. (1984) in Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University.
 Touretzky has worked as an Internet activist in favor of freedom of speech, especially what he perceives as abuse of the legal system by government and private authorities.
 He is a notable critic of Scientology.
