Onoclea is a genus of plants in the Onocleaceae family, native to moist habitats in eastern Asia and eastern North America.
 They are deciduous ferns with sterile fronds arising from creeping rhizomes in spring, dying down at first frost.
 Fertile fronds appear in late summer.
 Depending on the authority, the genus contains one to five species.
Actaea, commonly called baneberry, bugbane and cohosh, is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Ranunculaceae, native to subtropical, temperate and subartic regions of the Europe, Asia and North America.
Sparganophilus, the only genus in the family Sparganophilidae, is a group of long, slender, limicolous (mud-dwelling) earthworms native to North America.
 The number of species is unknown, most of them are undescribed, throughout the continent and into Central America.
 One species, "S. tamesis", has been introduced into the streams of Europe, where it is now widespread; its synonyms are "S. eiseni", "S. benhami", "S. guatemalensis", "S. carnea", "S. elongatus", "S. cuenoti" and, newly, "S. langi".
The grey-headed lovebird or Madagascar lovebird ("Agapornis canus") is a small species of parrot of the lovebird genus.
 It is a mainly green parrot.
 The species is sexually dimorphic and only the adult male has grey on its upper body.
 They are native on the island of Madagascar and are the only lovebird species which are not native on the African continent.
 They are the smallest of the lovebird species.
 It is rarely seen in aviculture and it is difficult to breed in captivity.
Leptospermum is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the myrtle family Myrtaceae commonly known as tea trees, although this name is sometimes also used for some species of "Melaleuca".
 Most species are endemic to Australia, with the greatest diversity in the south of the continent but some are native to other parts of the world, including New Zealand and Southeast Asia.
 Leptospermums all have five conspicuous petals and five groups of stamens which alternate with the petals.
 There is a single style in the centre of the flower and the fruit is a woody capsule.
 The first formal description of a leptospermum was published in 1776 by the German botanists Johann Reinhold Forster and his son Johann Georg Adam Forster, but an unambiguous definition of individual species in the genus was not achieved until 1979.
 Leptospermums grow in a wide range of habitats but are most commonly found in moist, low-nutrient soils.
 They have important uses in horticulture, in the production of honey and in floristry.
Aleeta curvicosta (commonly the floury baker or floury miller, known until 2003 as Abricta curvicosta) is a species of cicada, one of Australia's most familiar insects.
 Native to the continent's eastern coastline, it was described in 1834 by Ernst Friedrich Germar.
 s of 2014 the floury baker is the only described species in the genus "Aleeta".
Xenastrapotherium is an extinct genus of astrapothere, a type of hoofed herbivorous mammal, native to South America, which lived in the Middle to Late Miocene period, typically during the Laventan stage.
 It is a member of the family Astrapotheriidae in the subfamily Uruguaytheriinae, large astrapotheres, equipped with a trunk-like nose and protruding teeth, similar to the elephants, but their tusks were the canine teeth, not the incisors.
 "Xenastrapotherium" (named after the Greek word "xenos" "strange" add to the genus "Astrapotherium", "lightning beast") was a genus widely distributed in northern South America, in contrast to other species of astrapotheres which lived in the area of the Southern Cone of the continent.
 It differed from other astrapotheres by having two lower incisors on each side of the jaw and the tusks have a pronounced longitudinal curvature, although their general shape and size are probably very similar to "Astrapotherium", whose weight would be 900 to 1,500 kilograms, comparable to the current black rhino.
A lovebird is one of nine species of the genus "Agapornis" (Greek: αγάπη "agape" 'love'; όρνις "ornis" 'bird').
 They are a social and affectionate small parrot.
 Eight species are native to the African continent, with the grey-headed lovebird being native to Madagascar.
 Their name comes from the parrots' strong, monogamous pair bonding and the long periods which paired birds spend sitting together.
Actaea spicata (baneberry, Eurasian baneberry, or herb Christopher) is a species of flowering plant in the genus "Actaea", native to Eastern Europe and western Asia.
Habenaria, commonly called bog orchids, are a far ranging genus of orchids in the subtribe Orchidinae.
 There are approximately 800-1000 species of "Habenaria", native to every continent except Antarctica, in both tropical and temperate zones.
