Felicity Rose Hadley Jones (born 17 October 1983) is an English actress.
 She started her professional acting career as a child, appearing at age 12 in "The Treasure Seekers" (1996).
 Jones went on to play Ethel Hallow for one season in the television show "The Worst Witch" and its sequel "Weirdsister College".
 She took time off from acting to attend university at Wadham College, Oxford where she performed in Shakespeare's "The Comedy of Errors" for the Oxford University Dramatic Society, and has worked steadily since graduating in 2006.
 On radio, she has played the role of Emma Grundy in the BBC's "The Archers".
 In 2008, she appeared in the Donmar Warehouse production of "The Chalk Garden".
The Story of the Treasure Seekers is a novel by E. Nesbit.
 First published in 1899, it tells the story of Dora, Oswald, Dicky, Alice, Noel, and Horace Octavius (H. O.) Bastable, and their attempts to assist their widowed father and recover the fortunes of their family; its sequels are "The Wouldbegoods" (1899) and "The New Treasure Seekers" (1904).
 The novel's complete name is "The Story of the Treasure Seekers: Being the Adventures of the Bastable Children in Search of a Fortune".
 The original edition included illustrations by H. R. Millar.
 The Puffin edition (1958) was illustrated by Cecil Leslie.
Edward Jack Peter "Ed" Westwick (born 1987) is an English actor and musician, best known for his role as Chuck Bass on The CW's teen television drama series "Gossip Girl" (2007–2012).
 He made his feature film debut in "Children of Men" (2006) and has since appeared in the films "Breaking and Entering" (2006), "Son of Rambow" (2007), "S. Darko" (2009), "Chalet Girl" (2011), "J. Edgar" (2011), "Romeo and Juliet" (2013), "Bone in the Throat" (2015), "Freaks of Nature" (2015), and "Billionaire Ransom" (2016).
 He currently plays Vincent Swan in the BBC Two television comedy series "White Gold" (2017).
Lisa Lucas is a former child actress best known for her role as "Addie Mills" in the Emmy-winning Christmas television special, "The House Without a Christmas Tree".
 It first aired on CBS-TV in December 1972, spawned three holiday-based sequels from 1973–1976 with the same cast, "The Thanksgiving Treasure" (also listed elsewhere as "The Holiday Treasure") (1973), "The Easter Promise" (1975) and "Addie and The King of Hearts" (1976). "
USA Today" called "A House Without a Christmas Tree" "beautifully acted" and the "Spartanburg Herald-Journal" called it a "Christmas treasure" and said it was full of heartwarming moments, especially when Addie gives away the Christmas tree she wins, or finds the star belonging to her mother.
The Treasure Seekers is a 1979 British-American action film directed by Henry Levin and starring Rod Taylor, Stuart Whitman and Elke Sommer.
 It was shot on location in Jamaica.
Chalet Girl is a 2011 British-German-Austrian romantic comedy-sports film directed by Phil Traill.
 The film stars Felicity Jones, Ed Westwick, Tamsin Egerton, Ken Duken, Sophia Bush, Bill Bailey, Brooke Shields and Bill Nighy.
 The film was produced by Pippa Cross, Harriet Rees, Dietmar Guentsche and Wolfgang Behr, and written by Tom Williams.
 It was filmed on location in Sankt Anton am Arlberg, Austria and in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.
 Critical reaction to the film was massively polarized, but overall praised Felicity Jones in the leading role.
 The film earned $4,811,510 on a £8,000,000 budget.
Thrill Seekers was a syndicated Four Star Television series that was produced in 1973 and 1974.
 It was hosted by Chuck Connors and featured people who did dangerous stunts.
 One of the series featured Australian stunt woman, Carol Cranston, who was working with the John Anderson Mustang Hell Drivers in the USA.
 Her episode of "Thrill Seekers" was shot at Terre Haute showgrounds, Indiana, where Cranston performed a high fall into cardboard boxes, did a hit and run at 30 mph, and was run over by a truck which drove over a plank placed across her midriff (see Cranston; also Crawford Productions).
 Another member of the Mustang Hell Drivers, Pat Jackson, performed in the series in which she jumped a pick-up truck from ramp to ramp.
The Treasure Seekers is a 1996 British television family film directed by Juliet May and starring Camilla Power, Felicity Jones and Kristopher Milnes.
 In Edwardian England, a family have only a few days to raise enough money to stop their home being repossessed.
 It is based on the novel "The Story of the Treasure Seekers" by E. Nesbit.
Mr Soul of Jamaica is an album by Jamaican rocksteady singer Alton Ellis.
 It contains twelve tracks recorded between 1967 and 1970 at Duke Reid's Treasure Isle Recording Studios in Kingston, Jamaica and was produced by Reid and released on his Treasure Isle label in 1974.
 Although this was his only album for the label, Ellis had already been a star musician in Jamaica from the early 1960s onwards, having recorded for Coxone Dodd's Studio One label before moving to Treasure Isle, and the album is a compilation of some of his Treasure Isle singles, although some of his biggest hits including "Rock Steady", "Girl I've Got a Date" and "Cry Tough" were left off it.
Ulla Johanna "Caroline" Grane (born 19 April 1978 in Stockholm) is a Swedish realtor who works in New York City, United States.
 She has also participated in the Swedish reality series "Svenska Hollywoodfruar" on TV3.
 Grane grew up in Stockholm and in the mid-2000s moved to New York to start her career as a realtor, she has a MBA in finance.
 She is employed at the real estate agency Nest Seekers.
 Grane is a childhood friend of Fredrik Eklund and she has also appeared on the Bravo show "Million Dollar Listing New York" as a friend of Eklund.
