Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends, often referred to as simply Viva la Vida, is the fourth studio album by British rock band Coldplay, released on 12 June 2008 on Parlophone.
 The album was named after a Spanish phrase that translates in English as "Live the life", although it can also be taken as "Long live life".
 Lyrically, the album contains references to love, life, death, and war.
The Havana Club International Cocktail Grand Prix it is an international bartending competition that began in 1996.
 Since then the competition has taken place every two years in Havana, Cuba.
 The Grand Prix is organized by Havana Club, with the support of the Cuban Cantineros Club.
 The International Bartenders Association (IBA) is an associated sponsor of the competition.
The Havana Cultura Tour is a Cuban music concert tour, taking place in Ibiza (Spain) during summer.
 The first edition of the Havana Cultura Tour occurred in July and August 2008, featuring three artists from Cuba: a famous rapper called Kumar, an R&B style singer named Diana Fuentes, both accompanied by DJ Erick Gonzalez.
 Havana Club, the original Cuban rum brand, is the organizer of the event.
"Viva la Vida" ( ; ] ) is a song by the British rock band Coldplay.
 It was written by all members of the band for their fourth album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" (2008), and was released as the second single from the album.
 On the album, this song segues directly into the next track, "Violet Hill".
 "Viva la Vida" is Spanish for "Long Live Life" or "Live (the) Life".
 It is recognized as one of Coldplay's signature songs.
Culto A La Vida is a classic original Cuban cocktail whose name and recipe are registered by the rum brand Havana Club.
 It features Havana Club 7 Añejo Rum and Cranberry juice.
"Have You Ever" was a single released by UK pop group S Club 7 on 19 November 2001.
 Following the success of the 2000 "Children in Need" track, "Never Had a Dream Come True", the BBC asked S Club 7 to perform the 2001 track for the charity too.
 "Have You Ever" was co-written by Cathy Dennis, A. Frampton and Chris Braide.
 The track is the penultimate ballad S Club 7 released as a single with lead vocals coming from singer Jo.
 "Have You Ever" acted as an introduction to S Club 7's third album "Sunshine".
 The single entered the UK Singles Chart at number one on 25 November 2001, and remained on the chart for 14 weeks (seven of which were in the top 10).
 The Children in Need version of "Have You Ever" is listed in the "Guinness Book of World Records" as having the highest number of people's voices recorded in a single song; as recordings from children in schools across the UK were used in the chorus.
 The song has sold 380,000 copies in the UK according to the Official UK Charts Company.
 The photo for the cover of the single was shot in another major architectural landmark of the Los Angeles area - the Sheats Goldstein Residence near Beverly Hills.
The Viva la Vida Tour was the fourth concert tour by British band Coldplay.
 The tour was in support their fourth studio album "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" (2008).
 The tour was a massive commercial and critical success visiting Europe, Asia, the Americas and Australasia.
 The tour further established the band as one the concert industry's biggest draws and as one of the world's most popular bands.
 According to Pollstar from 2008 to 2010, the tour grossed $209.4 million
"Que Cante la Vida" is a song and charity single recorded by the supergroup Artists for Chile in 2010.
 It is a remake of the 1985 hit song "Que Cante la Vida", which was written and performed by Alberto Plaza.
 The song was released on March 29, 2010, a week before another charity single for the 2010 Chile earthquake, "Gracias a la Vida" performed by various artists too including Juanes, Michael Bublé, Alejandro Sanz, Julieta Venegas, Laura Pausini among others.
A Dónde Me Lleva La Vida is an album by La Renga, released in 1994.
 After the independently produced "Esquivando Charcos" the band published "A Dónde Me Lleva La Vida" in the same way in November 1993.
 Four months later, negotiations led to Polygram gaining production and image rights.
 The multinational is in charge of the distribution of the album and spent 25,000 dollars on the video for "El Rito de Los Corazones Sangrando".
 The album achieved platinum status in Argentina for selling over 60,000 copies.
Havana Club is a brand of rum created in Cuba in 1934, and now one of the best-selling rum brands in the world.
 Originally produced in Cardenas, Cuba by family-owned Jose Arechabala S.A., the brand was nationalized after the Cuban Revolution of 1959.
 Since 1994 it has been produced in Cuba and sold globally (except the United States) by Havana Club International, a 50:50 joint venture between Pernod Ricard and the Cuban government.
