Princess Olga of Hanover and Cumberland (German: "Olga Adelaide Louise Marie Alexandrina Agnes Prinzessin von Hannover und Cumberland" ; 11 July 1884 – 21 September 1958) was the youngest daughter of Ernest Augustus, Crown Prince of Hanover (1845–1923) and Princess Thyra of Denmark (1853–1933), the youngest daughter of Christian IX of Denmark (1818–1906) and Louise of Hesse-Kassel (1817–1898).
 Olga was a great-great-granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom (1738–1820) and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (1744–1818).
"Chainsaw" is the third episode of the horror black comedy series "Scream Queens".
 It premiered on September 29, 2015 on Fox.
 The episode was both directed and written by Ian Brennan.
 In this episode, the Red Devil continues the terror on campus using a chainsaw.
 Chanel (Emma Roberts) finds a new project in Hester (Lea Michele), and Dean Munsch (Jamie Lee Curtis) appoints a new Wallace University mascot while trying to separate Gigi (Nasim Pedrad) and Wes (Oliver Hudson)'s budding relationship as Chad (Glen Powell) and Earl Grey (Lucien Laviscount) lead their fraternity on a witch hunt for the Red Devil.
Sian Powers is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", portrayed by Sacha Parkinson.
 Sian was introduced as a love interest for Sophie Webster (Brooke Vincent).
 Sian joined the cast of "Coronation Street" alongside Ben Richardson (Lucien Laviscount) in January 2009 as Sophie's schoolmates.
 They soon form a new group of teenagers along with Ryan Connor (Ben Thompson).
 Sian and girlfriend Sophie are "Coronation Street's" first lesbian couple.
 It was announced on 29 May 2011 that Parkinson had quit her role, and she made her last on screen appearance on 30 December 2011.
One Night in Istanbul, also known as One Night in Istanbul: The Movie, is a British comedy-drama film, directed by James Marquand and produced/written by Nicky Allt.
 The film stars Steven Waddington, Paul Barber, Lucien Laviscount, Samantha Womack, and Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson.
 It is based on the play of the same name by Nicky Allt.
Gelston Castle, located between Castle Douglas and Kirkcudbright, in Dumfries and Galloway, Great Britain, was built for Sir William Douglas of Castle Douglas, who had acquired the lands of Gelston in 1799.
 However, Sir William Douglas died without issue in 1809 and his property was divided between various nieces and nephews, with Gelston going to the youngest daughter of his brother James, Mathilda Douglas.
 In 1813 Mathilda married William Maitland, and their family continued to preside over the estate for most of the 19th Century.
 Gelston then became the property of the Galliers-Pratts who retained the castle for pheasant shooting, and from whom it was requisitioned during World War II.
 During this time it served as a home for handicapped boys evacuated from Glasgow, before the roof was removed once this use had ceased.
Lady Alexandra Naldera Curzon, CBE (20 March/April 1904 – 7 August 1995), was the third daughter of George Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston and Viceroy of India, and Lord Curzon's first wife, the American mercantile heiress, Mary Victoria Curzon, Baroness Curzon of Kedleston (née Leiter).
 She was named after her godmother, Queen Alexandra and her place of conception, Naldehra, India.
 She and her two older sisters were memorialized by Anne de Courcy in "The Viceroy's Daughters: The Lives of the Curzon Sisters".
Love Beats Rhymes (working title "Coco") is an upcoming American musical drama film directed by RZA.
 The film stars Azealia Banks as a twenty five-year-old female rapper from Brooklyn, New York who wants to pursue a music career.
 The film also stars Lorraine Toussaint, Jill Scott, Lucien Laviscount, MC Jin, Hana Mae Lee, and Common.
 The film is awaiting release by CodeBlack Films and Lionsgate.
Bottom of the World is a 2017 drama film.
 It was directed by Richard Sears, written by Brian Gottlieb and stars Jena Malone, Douglas Smith and Ted Levine.
Cressida Curzon Bonas (born 18 February 1989) is an English actress, dancer and model.
 She is the youngest daughter of Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and entrepreneur Jeffrey Bonas, and a granddaughter of Edward Curzon, 6th Earl Howe.
The Bye Bye Man is a 2017 American supernatural horror film directed by Stacy Title and written by Jonathan Penner, based on the chapter "The Bridge to Body Island" in Robert Damon Schneck's book "The President's Vampire".
 The film stars Douglas Smith, Lucien Laviscount, Cressida Bonas, Doug Jones, Carrie-Anne Moss, Faye Dunaway and Jenna Kanell.
