Frank Legato is an American author born in 1956 in Pittsburgh, PA.
 He is best known for his book "How to Win Millions Playing Slot Machines...or Lose Trying".
 He is also well known for founding and editing "Casino Gaming" magazine and writing a monthly humorous column about slot machines for "Strictly Slots" magazine.
Great Lakes Life Magazine was a regional magazine that was published in Westfield, New York.
 It was founded by editor-in-chief and publisher Rena Tran and began publication in February 2008 under the title Erie Life Magazine, but went out of production in 2011.
 The magazine was available in over 750 retail locations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, western New York, eastern Michigan, and southern Ontario and circulated to over 25,000 readers.
Strictly Slots is a monthly magazine aimed at slot machine and video poker players.
 The magazine was founded in 1998.
 Strictly Slots is published by the Casino Player Publishing, which also publishes "Casino Player" magazine.
 The magazine include articles about the following: history of slot machine, the principle of slot machine work, new strategies for playing video poker, casino reviews and latest casino news etc.
 It features regular articles from notable gambling authors, including:
Dengeki G's Comic (電撃G'sコミック , Dengeki Jīzu Komikku ) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by ASCII Media Works.
 The magazine was first published digitally on August 9, 2012 with volume 0, and started monthly publication with the following issue released on October 15, 2012.
 From April 2013 to April 2014, the magazine was released biweekly.
 "Dengeki G's Comic" began to be published monthly in print with the June 2014 issue sold on April 30, 2014.
La Clochette (The Little Bell) was a small spiritual magazine published monthly in French from 1901 to 1919 by a Catholic Church organization in Paris named "La Ligue de la Sainte-Messe" (The League of the Holy Mass).
 Father Esther Bouquerel (1855–1923) founded the organization and edited the magazine, which had approximately 8,000 subscribers.
 In December 1912, the magazine published the earliest known version of an anonymous prayer for peace, now widely but erroneously called the Prayer of Saint Francis.
Sekai (Japanese: 世界 "World") is a Japanese monthly political magazine published by Iwanami Shoten, which was founded in December 1945.
 The first issue was published in 1946.
 The magazine is published monthly.
 It has a left-wing or progressive political stance.
 The magazine's founding principles were "peace and social justice, freedom and equality, and harmony and solidarity with the peoples of East Asia."
 The headquarters is in Tokyo.
 Yamaguchi Akio served as an editor of the magazine for a long period.
Newport Life Magazine is a lifestyles magazine based in Newport, Rhode Island.
 Founded in 1993, the magazine is published eight times annually and covers the events, people, history and places of Newport County.
 Newport Life Magazine is located at 101 Malbone Road in the Newport Daily News building.
 The magazine is published bi-monthly.
 Issues include: Jan/Feb, March/April, May/June, July, August, Sept/Oct and Nov/Dec.
The Leeds Guide was a monthly "What's on" magazine published in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England from 1997 until 2012.
 It was the longest established 'What's on' magazine for Leeds.
 Originally a monthly A5 magazine printed in black and white, "The Leeds Guide" changed to an A4 fortnightly in 2003 and subsequently went back to being published monthly.
Sylph (シルフ , Shirufu ) is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by ASCII Media Works (formerly MediaWorks) and is sold monthly.
 The magazine was originally published on December 9, 2006 as a special edition version of MediaWorks' now-defunct "Dengeki Comic Gao!
" under the title "Comic Sylph" (コミックシルフ , Komikku Shirufu , normally written as "comic SYLPH") as a quarterly publication.
 On March 21, 2008, with the release of the sixth volume, the magazine was transferred over as a special edition version of ASCII Media Works' shōnen manga magazine "Dengeki Daioh".
 On May 22, 2008, the magazine became independent of "Dengeki Daioh" and was published as volume one of "Sylph" as the July 2008 issue as a bimonthly publication.
 On May 22, 2010, the magazine started to be published monthly.
 "Sylph" is one of the few magazines originally published by MediaWorks not under the "Dengeki" naming line, such as with "Dengeki Daioh", and "Dengeki G's Magazine", the first of which being "Active Japan" in 1995 which has been discontinued since 1998.
Manga Life (まんがライフ , Manga Raifu ) is a manga magazine published monthly by Takeshobo in Japan since the November 1984 issue (published in October 1984).
 Its original title was Gag da (ギャグダ , Gyagu da ) , and the change to "Manga Life" was made to better compete with "Manga Time", a rival magazine published by Houbunsha.
 Most of the series appearing in the magazine use the yonkoma format.
 The magazine is released monthly on the 17th, though it sometimes appears on shelves slightly before or after that, depending on speed of actual distribution.
 "Manga Life" is published in B5 size, and its Japanese magazine code is 18635.
