The Bodil Honorary Award (Danish: "Æres-Bodil" , Honorary Bodil) is one of the special awards at the annual Danish Bodil Awards presented by the Danish Film Critics Association.
 It was awarded for the first time at the 4th Bodil Awards in 1951 and "pro re nata" until 1997, since when it has been awarded annually.
The 64th Bodil Awards were held on 20 February 2011 at the Bremen Theater in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2010.
 Ditte Hansen and Louise Mieritz hosted the event.
 "Submarino" had most nominations, with five, but the ceremony did not have a clear winner. "
R" won the award for Best Danish Film and its protagonist, Pilou Asbæk, won the award for Best Actor while Trine Dyrholm was named Best Actress ("In a Better World").
 Kurt Ravn ("Nothing's All Bad") and Patricia Schumann ("Submarino") won the awards for Best Supporting Actor and Actress. "
Armadillo" won both the awards for Best Documentary and Best Cinematographer.
 Tobias Lindholm received a Special Award for his contribution as a screenwriter both to "R" and "Submarino".
 Henning Moritzen was given a Bodil Honorary Award for his contribution to Danish film.
The 65th Bodil Awards were held on 3 March 2012 in the Bremen Theater in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2010.
 Lars von Trier's "Melancholia" won the awards for Best Danish Film and Best Cinematography (Alberto Claro).
 The only other multiple winner was "A Funny Man", which took the awards for Best Actor (Nikolaj Lie Kaas), Best Supporting Actor (Lars Ranthe) and Best Set Design (Charlotte Bay Garnov and Peter Grant).
 It also won the new Audience Award which was introduced this year in collaboration with Blockbuster.
 The awards for Best Leading and Supporting Actresses went to Lena Maria Christensen won the award for Best Actress for her performance in "A Family" and Paprika Steen won Best Supporting Actress for "SuperClásico". "
Testamentet" directed by Christian Sønderby Jepsen earned the award for Best Documentary. "
Winter's Bone" was named Best American Film while the Iranian "A Separation" was selected as Best Non-American Film.
The 50th Bodil Awards ceremony was held in 1997 in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 1996.
 Lars von Trier's "Breaking the Waves" won the award for Best Danish Film and Emily Watson and Katrin Cartlidge  won the awards for best leading and supporting actresses.
 Max von Sydow for his role in "Hamsun" and Zlatko Buric won the award for best supporting actor for his role in "Pusher".
 Bodil Kjær, one of the two film people named Bodil for whom the statuette is named, the other being Bodil Ipsen, reveived an Bodil Honorary Award, bringing her total number of Bodil wins up to four.
The 59th Bodil Awards were held on 5 March 2006 in Imperial Cinema in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2005.
 Peter Mygind og Mette Horn hosted the event.
 Per Fly's "Manslaughter" won the award for Best Film.
 Best Actor in a Leading Role went to Jesper Christensen, the film's protagonist.
 Trine Dyrholm won Best Actress in a Leading Role for her performance in "".
The 55th Bodil Awards  were held on 3 March 2002 in the Imperial Cinema in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2001.
 Søren Østergaard and Louise Mieritz hosted the event which was broadcast live on DR2.
 Ole Christian Madsen's "" won the awards for Best Film and Best Actress in a Leading Role (Stine Stengade).
 Jens Oking and Susanne Juhasz, both from "One-Hand Clapping", won the awards for Best Leading Actor and Best Supporting Actress respectively, and Tommy Kenter in "Fukssvansen" received the Best Supporting Actor award. ""
 was named Best American Film and Swedish "Songs from the Second Floor" Best Non-American Film.
The 58th Bodil Awards were held on 7 March 2004 in Imperial Cinema in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2003.
 Peter Mygind og Mette Horn hosted the event.
 Lars von Trier's "Dogville" won the award for Best Danish Film while "The Inheritance" won the awards for best actor in leading and supporting roles and "Lykkevej" won the awards for best actress in leading and supporting roles.
The 56th Bodil Awards were held on 2 March 2003 in the Imperial Cinema in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2002.
 Susanne Bier's "Open Hearts" took three awards, winning Best Danish Film as well as the awards for Best leading Actor Actress which went to Nikolaj Lie Kaas and Paprika Steen respectively.
 Paprika Steen also won the award for Best Actress in a Leading Role for her performance in Okay, while Jens Albinus won Best Actor in a Leading Role.
 The David Lynch film "Mulholland Drive" was named Best American Film and Almodovar's "Talk to Her" the Best Non-American Film.
 Kim Fupz Aakeson, Anders Thomas Jensen and Mogens Rukov collectively received a Bodil Honorary Award for their work as screenwriters.
The 58th Bodil Awards were held on 27 February 2005 in Imperial Cinema in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2004.
 Nikolaj Arcel's debut film "King's Game" and Susanne Bier's "Brothers" were both nominated for five awards.
 "King's Game" won the awards for Best Danish Film and Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Søren Pilmark) while Connie Nielsen won the award for Best Actress for her performance in "Brothers".
 Mads Mikkelsen won the award for Best Actor for his performance in "Pusher II"
The Bodil Special Award (Danish: "Sær-Bodil" , Special Bodil) is one of the awards at the annual Bodil Awards presented by the Danish Film Critics Association.
 While the Bodil Awards as such were established in 1948, the Special Award was first presented in 2008, and has been given annually to a person or an organization who has done something special for Danish cinema.
