Indirect presidential elections were held in Greece in December 2014 and February 2015 for the succession to Karolos Papoulias as the President of Greece.
 The candidate of the ND–PASOK government, Stavros Dimas, failed to secure the required majority of MPs of the Hellenic Parliament in the first three rounds of voting in December.
 According to the provisions of the Greek Constitution, snap elections were held on 25 January 2015, which were won by the far-left SYRIZA party.
 Following the convening of the new parliament, the presidential election resumed, and on 18 February 2015, veteran ND politician Prokopis Pavlopoulos, backed by the SYRIZA-ANEL coalition government, was elected with 233 votes.
An indirect presidential election (officially the 6th Federal Convention) was held in West Germany on 23 May 1974.
 Though not term limited, incumbent Gustav Heinemann chose not to seek a second term.
 The government parties (SPD and FDP) nominated Vice-Chancellor Walter Scheel; the Christian Democratic Union nominated Richard von Weizsäcker.
 Scheel won the election by 32 votes on the first ballot.
 He served as president until 1979.
 Weizsäcker would later serve as president from 1984 to 1994.
An indirect presidential election was held in South Africa on 6 May 2009 following the general election on 22 April 2009.
 Jacob Zuma of the ruling African National Congress won the election with 277 votes (13 more than the number of seats held by the ANC), while Mvume Dandala of the Congress of the People got 47 votes.
 The 67 members of the official opposition Democratic Alliance abstained from voting.
An indirect presidential election was held in South Africa on 25 September 2008 following the resignation of the President Thabo Mbeki.
 The ruling party, the African National Congress (ANC), with a two-thirds majority in the National Assembly of South Africa, elected Kgalema Motlanthe as President.
 The ANC indicated that Motlanthe would be a "caretaker" president until the 2009 election, after which ANC President Jacob Zuma would take office.
An indirect presidential election (officially the 4th Federal Convention) was held in West Germany on 1 July 1964.
 President Heinrich Lübke was renominated by the Christian Democratic Union.
 The Free Democratic Party nominated justice minister Ewald Bucher.
 The Social Democratic Party was divided.
 The official party line was that they supported President Lübke's re-election.
 Some have speculated this was a first move towards the grand-coalition that brought Kurt Kiesinger to power two years later.
 However, the high number of abstentions seems to indicate that not all members of the SPD caucus agreed with this move, as does the fact that Ewald Bucher received at least 19 votes from outside his own party.
The President of the Republic of Korea (Hangul: 대한민국 대통령 ; RR: "Daehan Mingug Daetonglyeong " ) is, according to the South Korean constitution, the chairperson of the cabinet, the chief executive of the government, commander-in-chief of the armed forces, and the head of state of South Korea.
 The Constitution and the amended Presidential Election Act of 1987 provide for election of the president by direct, secret ballot, ending sixteen years of indirect presidential elections under the preceding two governments.
 The president is directly elected to a five-year term, with no possibility of re-election.
 If a presidential vacancy should occur, a successor must be elected within sixty days, during which time presidential duties are to be performed by the prime minister or other senior cabinet members in the order of priority as determined by law.
 While in office, the chief executive lives in Cheong Wa Dae (the "Blue House"), and is exempt from criminal liability (except for insurrection or treason).
The United States presidential election of 1792 was the second quadrennial presidential election.
 It was held from Friday, November 2 to Wednesday, December 5, 1792.
 Incumbent President George Washington was elected to a second term by a unanimous vote in the electoral college.
 As in the first presidential election, Washington is considered to have run unopposed.
 Electoral rules of the time, however, required each presidential elector to cast two votes without distinguishing which was for president and which for vice president.
 The recipient of the most votes would then become president, and the runner-up vice president.
 Incumbent Vice President John Adams received 77 votes and was also re-elected (Washington received 132 votes, or one from each elector).
 This election saw the least amount of popular votes elect the winner in American history.
An indirect presidential election (officially the 5th Federal Convention) was held in West Germany on 5 March 1969.
 The incumbent President, Heinrich Lübke had served two terms and was therefore ineligible for a third.
 The Christian Democratic Union nominated defense minister Gerhard Schröder.
 Schröder was a controversial choice, even within his own party, since he had been a member of the NSDAP and the SA under Hitler.
 Other potential candidates included Helmut Kohl and Richard von Weizsäcker, relatively unknown names at the time, who would go on to serve as Chancellor and President respectively.
 Justice Minister Gustav Heinemann was nominated by the Social Democratic Party and supported by the opposition Free Democratic Party.
 With neither candidate able to win an absolute majority, Heinemann won the election on the third ballot by only 6 votes.
An indirect presidential election was held in the Marshall Islands on 7 January 2008.
 The parliament elected in November 2007 elected a new president after it formally convened.
 The opposition coalition elected a new president, Litokwa Tomeing, with a vote of 18 to 15 in favour, beating the incumbent president Kessai Note.
 A new Speaker from the opposition, Senator Jurelang Zedkaia, was also elected, defeating Senator Alvin Jacklick in another 18-15 vote.
 Senator Alik Alik from the United Democratic Party (the former government party) was elected as Vice-Speaker with 17 votes against 16 for Kaibuke Kabua.
An indirect presidential election (officially the 3rd Federal Convention) was held in West Germany on 1 July 1959.
 For the first time in the Federal Republic, the incumbent president, Theodor Heuss, was not eligible for reelection.
 In the buildup to the election, Chancellor Konrad Adenauer initially declared his candidacy, but then withdrew for political reasons.
 The Christian Democratic Union instead nominated Heinrich Lübke.
 The Social Democrats nominated Carlo Schmid who had been the party's caucus chair at the Parliamentary Council.
 The Free Democratic Party nominated the chair of its Bundestag caucus, Max Becker.
 Like the first contested presidential election ten years prior, it took two rounds to determine a winner.
 Heinrich Lübke fell two vote short of the absolute majority in the first round, winning the election with 526 votes in the second.
