The General Dynamics F-111K was a planned variant of the General Dynamics F-111 Aardvark medium-range interdictor and tactical strike aircraft by General Dynamics, to meet a requirement for such an aircraft for the Royal Air Force.
Robert Henry Widmer (May 17, 1916 – June 20, 2011) was an American aeronautical engineer who specialized in designing aircraft for the military.
 He spent his career working for Convair which became General Dynamics, then Lockheed, and then Lockheed Martin.
 His feisty personality and at times insubordinate attitude at one time led company leaders to strongly consider firing him.
 However, his brilliance at envisioning and designing desirable aircraft years before there was even a market for them led to his appointment as Vice President for science and engineering for all of General Dynamics.
The Gnome 7 Omega (commonly called the Gnome 50 hp) is a French seven-cylinder, air-cooled aero engine produced by Gnome et Rhône.
 It was shown at the Paris Aero Salon held in December 1908 and was first flown in 1909.
 It was the world's first aviation rotary engine produced in quantity.
 Its introduction revolutionized the aviation industry and it was used by many early aircraft.
 It produced 50 horsepower (37 kW) from its capacity of 8 litres (488 cubic inches).
 A Gnome Omega engine powers the 1912 Blackburn Monoplane, owned and operated by the Shuttleworth Collection, the oldest known airworthy British-designed aeroplane worldwide.
 A two-row version of the same engine was also produced, known as the Gnome 14 Omega-Omega or Gnome 100 hp.
 The prototype Omega engine still exists, and is on display at the United States' National Air and Space Museum.
General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of American defense and aerospace company General Dynamics.
 General Dynamics Mission Systems integrates secure communication and information systems and technology.
 General Dynamics Mission Systems has core manufacturing in secure communications networks; radios and satellite technology for the defense, cyber, public safety, and intelligence communities.
The Martin/General Dynamics RB-57F Canberra is a specialized strategic reconnaissance aircraft developed in the 1960s for the United States Air Force by General Dynamics from the Martin B-57 Canberra tactical bomber, which itself was a license-built version of the English Electric Canberra.
 It was operationally assigned to the Air Weather Service for weather reconnaissance involving high-altitude atmospheric sampling and radiation detection in support of nuclear test monitoring, but four of the 21 modified aircraft performed solely as strategic reconnaissance platforms in Japan and Germany.
The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a single-engine supersonic multirole fighter aircraft originally developed by General Dynamics (now Lockheed Martin) for the United States Air Force (USAF).
 Designed as an air superiority day fighter, it evolved into a successful all-weather multirole aircraft.
 Over 4,500 aircraft have been built since production was approved in 1976.
 Although no longer being purchased by the U.S. Air Force, improved versions are still being built for export customers.
 In 1993, General Dynamics sold its aircraft manufacturing business to the Lockheed Corporation, which in turn became part of Lockheed Martin after a 1995 merger with Martin Marietta.
The Curtiss OX-5 was an early V-8 American liquid-cooled aircraft engine built by Curtiss.
 It was the first American-designed aircraft engine to enter mass production, although it was considered obsolete when it did so in 1917.
 It nevertheless found widespread use on a number of aircraft, perhaps the most famous being the JN-4 "Jenny".
 Some 12,600 units were built through early 1919.
 The wide availability of the engine in the surplus market made it common until the 1930s, although it was considered unreliable for most of its service life.
 Today, the engine can be found powering many Edwardian automobile racing specials on the historic racing scene.
The General Dynamics F-111C (nicknamed "Pig") is a variant of the F-111 Aardvark medium-range interdictor and tactical strike aircraft, developed by General Dynamics to meet Australian requirements.
 The design was based on the F-111A model but included longer wings and strengthened undercarriage.
 The Australian government ordered 24 F-111Cs to equip the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) in 1963, but the aircraft were not delivered until 1973 because of long-running technical problems.
 During 1979 and 1980 four of these aircraft were converted to the RF-111C reconnaissance variant.
 Four ex-United States Air Force (USAF) F-111As were purchased by Australia and converted to F-111C standard in 1982 to replace F-111Cs destroyed during accidents.
 Australia also operated 15 F-111Gs between 1993 and 2007, mainly for conversion training.
 The RAAF retired its remaining F-111Cs in December 2010.
 In Australian military and aviation circles, the F-111 Aardvark was affectionately known as the "Pig", due to its long snout and terrain-following ability.
The Canaero Toucan is a Canadian high-wing, two seats in tandem, twin engine push-pull configuration, twin-boom ultralight kit aircraft that was produced from 1983 to the late 1980s by Canaero Dynamics Aircraft of Rexdale, Ontario.
The General Dynamics (now Lockheed Martin) F-16 VISTA ("Variable stability In-flight Simulator Test Aircraft") is an experimental aircraft, derived from the F-16 Fighting Falcon, which was modified as a joint venture between General Dynamics and Calspan for use by the USAF.
