Arthur Willis Jones III (born June 3, 1986) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent.
 He played college football at Syracuse, and was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the fifth round of the 2010 NFL Draft.
 Jones has also played for the Indianapolis Colts.
 He is also the older brother of UFC fighter Jon Jones, and Chandler Jones of the Arizona Cardinals.
The Ultimate Fighter 2 was the second season of the mixed martial arts reality television series "The Ultimate Fighter".
 The season featured a heavyweight and a welterweight division, with 9 fighters initially in each division.
 The UFC coaches for this season were welterweight and middleweight champions Matt Hughes and Rich Franklin.
 Season 1 coach and former UFC champion Randy Couture hosted and designed the team challenge segments, which if won would allow the winning team to pair a fighter from their team against another in elimination matches.
 The finale aired on November 5, 2005, and it set a ratings record for the UFC with a 2.0 overall rating.
 This season featured no coaches' fight because Hughes and Franklin had refused to fight each other, owing to their friendship.
 Although released on DVD in 2005, it has been set for re-release on September 18, 2007.
Matthew Stanley Hamill (born October 5, 1976) is a deaf American mixed martial artist and wrestler who has competed in the Light Heavyweight division of the UFC.
 He is a three-time NCAA Division III National Champion in wrestling (167 lb class in 1997, 190 lb class in 1998 and 197 lb class in 1999) while attending the Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) in Rochester, New York.
 Hamill also has a silver medal in Greco-Roman Wrestling and a gold medal in Freestyle Wrestling from the 2001 Summer Deaflympics.
 He is the only man to defeat Jon Jones, albeit by disqualification due to Jones' illegal elbows.
 Hamill himself disputes the victory.
Greg Jackson (born 1974) is an American mixed martial arts (MMA) trainer who co-owns Jackson Wink MMA Academy in Albuquerque, New Mexico, widely considered one of the top MMA training centers in the world.
 Jackson has trained many successful fighters, including former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Jon Jones, former UFC Welterweight Champion Georges St-Pierre, former UFC Women's Bantamweight Champion Holly Holm, former Light Heavyweight Champion Rashad Evans, and a roster of other UFC contenders and World Extreme Cagefighting champions.
UFC 151: Jones vs. Henderson was a planned mixed martial arts event that was to be held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on September 1, 2012, at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 It was to be headlined by a UFC Light Heavyweight Championship bout, between champion Jon Jones and former dual-division PRIDE FC and Strikeforce champion Dan Henderson.
 However, the event was cancelled on August 23, when the UFC announced Henderson was unable to fight due to injury, and Jones refused to take a replacement fight against longtime middleweight contender, Chael Sonnen.
Jonathan Hamm (born October 14, 1985) is a former standout amateur boxer, actor, football player and current mixed martial artist.
 Hamm was the #1 Super-Heavyweight Amateur boxer in the United States in 2011 after winning the 2011 U.S. Nationals.
 Hamm was an alternate in the super-heavyweight division of the 2012 London Olympic Games for the U.S. Hamm earned Black College All-American, 1st Team All Conference, 1st Team All-Region and The Marion E. Jackson Defensive Player of the Year in 2006.
 Hamm is originally from Atlanta, Georgia but now lives and trains out of Jackson's Submissions Fighting in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
 His manager is Malki Kawa, founder of First Round Management out of Miami, Florida who houses UFC stars Jon Jones, Benson Henderson, Carlos Condit, Miesha Tate and Frank Mir.
EA Sports UFC is a mixed martial arts sports video game developed by EA Canada and SkyBox Labs for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
 It is based on the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) brand and was released on June 17, 2014.
 A playable demo was released on the PlayStation Network and Xbox Marketplace on June 3, 2014, with cover athletes Jon Jones and Alexander Gustafsson as playable fighters.
 It is the first UFC game since THQ sold the license to Electronic Arts.
UFC Fight Night: Sanchez vs. Parisyan (also known as UFC Fight Night 6) was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on August 17, 2006.
 The event took place at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, and was broadcast live on Spike TV in the United States and Canada.
 It acted as a lead-in to the season four premiere of "The Ultimate Fighter".
 The two-hour broadcast of UFC Fight Night 6 on Spike TV drew a 1.5 overall rating.

UFC 140: Jones vs. Machida was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on December 10, 2011 at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 It was the penultimate event for the UFC in 2011.
 The event featured eight bouts televised internationally, seven preliminary bouts aired on cable in the United States and Canada, and three preliminary bouts streamed live on Facebook.
 In the co-main event, Frank Mir, who was the first man to knock out Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira at UFC 92, became the first man to submit Nogueira.
 Mir accomplished the feat with a kimura that ultimately broke Nogueira's arm.
 In the main event, Lyoto Machida also suffered his first ever submission loss at the hands of Jon Jones.
 In doing so, Jones retained the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship title.
Fox UFC Fight Night (previously referred as Fox UFC Saturday for broadcasts on Fox or FS1 UFC Fight Night for broadcasts on other Fox-owned properties) is the branding used for telecasts of mixed martial art competitions from the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) that are produced by Fox Sports.
 Previously, "UFC on Fox" was also used as a blanket title for UFC events aired on the Fox network, although since the concurrent launch of Fox Sports 1 and rebranding of Fuel TV as Fox Sports 2 in August 2013, all live UFC broadcasts on Fox-owned networks (including preliminaries, "UFC Fight Night" and "The Ultimate Fighter Finale") have since used the name.
