Meridian Airways was a Ghanaian registered cargo airline (with an Air Operator Certificate Number of AOC 023) with its head office in Kotoka International Airport, Accra, and served as its main hub at Ostend-Brugge International Airport in Belgium.
 The company started operations as Air Charter Express in 2007 with a Douglas DC-8-63/AF.
 Operating two DC-8s on cargo charter flights from Ostend Airport to the Middle East.
 The airline also operated charter flights for the British Ministry of Defence from RAF Lyneham.
Blue Wing Airlines n.v. is an airline with its head office on the grounds of Zorg en Hoop Airport in Paramaribo, Suriname.
 The airline started operations in January 2002 and operates charter and scheduled services from Paramaribo to destinations in the interior of Suriname, Guyana, Brazil, Venezuela and the Caribbean area.
 Its main base is Zorg en Hoop Airport.
 The airline was on the list of air carriers banned in the EU; however, they were removed from the list as of 28 November 2007 as there were no proofs of any insecure opration.
 As of 6 July 2010, however, the airline was banned once again as a result of accidents involving it's aircraft.
Corendon Airlines is a Turkish leisure airline headquartered in Antalya and based at Antalya Airport.
Air Go Airlines was a cargo airline based in Athens, Greece.
 Its main base was Athens International Airport.
 The airline started operations in September 2008.
 Airgo ceased its operations at the end of October 2011.
 At first, Airgo Airlines had regular flights from Athens to Larnaca, reaching up to five flights per week.
 The lack of significant cargo to fly on the return leg of the flight though, forced the airline to eventually discontinue the route after about one year of operation.
 Later, its operations included domestic flights within Greece, carrying newspapers to Thessaloniki, Crete, Rhodes and occasionally to other smaller islands, ad-hoc flights, as well as long term contracts for major courier companies.
AV8 Air was an airline based in the United Kingdom.
 It was established in June 2003 and started operations on 25 November 2003.
 It was launched as a subsidiary of tour operator CT2 and began operations on 7 April 2004 with a long-haul flight to Cape Town using a Boeing 767-300ER aircraft.
 The company operated the 767 on a damp lease basis from Icelandair until their own Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) was granted from the UK Civil Aviation Authority (CAA).
 Unfortunately, due to a lack of a bond, the AOC was revoked.
 A Boeing 757-200 aircraft was intended for use on short-haul flights to Mediterranean resorts, but due to the unsuccessful AOC application, the aircraft was only operated on a weekly check flight around Manchester.
 The airline ceased trading after only five months.
Corendon Dutch Airlines is a Dutch branch of the Corendon Group (which also operates Corendon Airlines in Turkey) which started operations under its own AOC in April 2011 using a single Boeing 737–800 aircraft serving European holiday destinations from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, Brussel Airport, Maastricht Aachen Airport and some other regional airports.
 Its head office is in Lijnden, Haarlemmermeer.
Kingfisher Airlines was established in 2003.
 It is owned by the Bengaluru based United Breweries Group.
 The airline started commercial operations on 9 May 2005 with a fleet of four new Airbus A320-200s operating a flight from Mumbai to Delhi.
 It started its international operations on 3 September 2008 by connecting Bengaluru with London.
 Kingfisher's head office is located in Kingfisher House Western Express Highway Vile Parle (E) Mumbai – 400099 India and its registered office is located in UB City, Bangalore.
 Its head office was previously in the Kingfisher House in Vile Parle (East), Mumbai.
 In 2012 Vijay Mallya was trying to sell the Vile Parle Kingfisher House.
 The airline had shut down its operations when on 20 October 2012 the DGCA suspended its flying license.
 This suspension had been due to failure to give an effective response to the show-cause notice issued by DGCA.
 However, The airline had locked out its employees for several days before this suspension.
 On 25 October 2012, the employees agreed to return to work.
 On 7 June 2010 Kingfisher became a member elect of the Oneworld airline alliance when it signed a formal membership agreement.
 Kingfisher confirmed on 20 December 2011 that it will join the Oneworld airline alliance on 10 February 2012.
 Kingfisher would have been the first Indian carrier to join one of the big airline alliances.
 However, on 3 February 2012, owing to bad financial situation and two days after the International Air Transport Association (IATA) clearing house suspended Kingfisher Airlines; the airlines participation to Oneworld has been put on hold.
Princely Jets is Pakistan's first private charter jet operator, based at Jinnah International Airport, Karachi, Pakistan.
 It is owned by the Akbar Group.
 The airline started operations in November 2005 with a single aircraft and now operates a fleet of three jets and three helicopters.
 The airline will take delivery of another helicopter and two more jets by the end of 2016.
 The airline has been operating charters actively in the Middle East and South Asia region flying royalty, diplomats, businessmen, heads of state and high-net-worth individuals.
Puebla Air Lines (PAL Aerolineas, S.A. de C.V.) was a Mexican airline based in Puebla, Puebla.
 The airline started operations in 1985 and operated scheduled services until 1995.
Mahalo Air was an airline that provided inter-island service within the state of Hawaii between 1993 and 1997.
 The airline started service on October 4, 1993, using Fokker F27 turboprop aircraft operated by Empire Airlines while awaiting its own certification.
 On May 31, 1994, the agreement with Empire ran out, shutting down the airline.
 In October of that year, the airline resumed operations with its own certificate, using new ATR-42 turboprops.
 During the summer of 1997, the airline filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and ceased operations on September 2.
 The airline was headquartered in Honolulu.
