Cornelis Johannes Marius Nagtglas (16 May 1814 – 19 January 1897) was a Dutch politician and civil servant, who made a career in the administration on the Dutch Gold Coast.
 After originally beginning his career at the rather advanced age of 36, he was promoted through the ranks to eventually become Governor of the Dutch Gold Coast in 1858.
 He retired to the Netherlands in 1862, but returned to the Gold Coast as governor in 1869, to restore order in the embattled colony.
 In 1871, he left the Gold Coast again, one year before the transfer of the colony to the United Kingdom.
Husband Edward Kimmel (February 26, 1882 – May 14, 1968), nicknamed "Kim", was an admiral in the United States Navy.
 At the time of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, he was Commander in Chief of the United States Fleet (CINCUS) and the U.S. Pacific Fleet (CINCPACFLT).
 He was removed from command after the December 1941 attack and reduced from four-star to the two-star rank of rear admiral.
 He retired from the Navy in early 1942.
Stephen Manning Speakes (born May 21, 1952) is a retired Lieutenant General now serving as the President and CEO of Kalmar Rough Terrain Center (KRTC), LLC.
 The company makes rough terrain material handling equipment for the Military and Commercial markets.
 KRTC is located in Cibolo, Texas on the outskirts of San Antonio.
 As the CEO since 2013 Steve has focused on emphasizing customer relationships, expanding into the commercial marketplace while improving quality and efficiency.
 The company's signature product is the Rough Terrain Container Handler (RTCH) famous to Soldiers and Marines across Iraq, Afghanistan and Kuwait as the only piece of equipment capable of moving 20 and 40 foot containers "the last tactical mile" to the troops.
 Prior to joining KRTC, Steve was an executive vice president at USAA from 2010-2013 responsible for enterprise strategy, and external affairs.
 Steve's final assignment in a 35-year Army career was as the Deputy Chief of Staff G-8 Programs for The United States Army.
 In that role Speakes was responsible for developing and presenting the Army's financial strategy to the Executive Branch and to Congress.
 He was also charged with equipping the Army during a time of wartime operations when demand for new force protection capabilities required innovative and adaptive solutions.
 Previously, Steve served in a wide variety of command and staff assignments in the US, Germany, Iraq and Kuwait.
 He is married to Judy, a retired physician assistant, and also a proud father.
Fame at the Mansion was an exclusive black tie event held February 12, 2012, at the Los Angeles Playboy Mansion on the evening of the 54th Grammy Awards.
 The event, hosted by Grammy Award winner Sean Combs, featured an honorary ceremony for Playboy's founding father Hugh Hefner and was a media heavy fundraiser for the Angelwish Foundation, which supports children and families with chronic illness.
 Hefner was honored as a Humanitarian of the Year by the Angelwish Foundation.
 Following the event, Diddy was featured on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!
", and was quoted as saying that it was the "best party he has ever thrown."
Manning Marius Kimmel (April 22, 1913 - on or around July 26, 1944) was a United States Navy submarine officer in World War II and the son of Admiral Husband E. Kimmel.
 He served as both junior and Executive Officer on several submarines, and finally assumed command of USS "Robalo" as a Lieutenant Commander.
 Kimmel was reportedly killed when "Robalo" was sunk off the island of Palawan.
 However, the specific circumstances surrounding his death remain unclear.
Mario von Bucovich (1884-1944) was also known as Marius von Bucovich.
 He was born at Pula in the Istrian region of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and held the title of Baron.
 His father, August, Freiherr von Bucovich, was a former Corvette Captain in the Austro-Hungarian navy and later an entrepreneur in the railroad concession sector.
 Mario von Bucovich's wife, Marie, was also a photographer.
Manning Marius Kimmel (also known as Marius Manning Kimmel, October 25, 1832 – February 27, 1916) was a military officer who served on both sides of the American Civil War.
 He entered the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1853 and graduated in 1857.
 After initially fighting for the Union, he switched sides to the Confederacy, one of four West Point graduates to fight on both sides during the war.
 In the Confederate Army, he served as adjutant general and assistant adjutant general on the staff of generals Benjamin McCulloch and Earl Van Dorn, and as inspector general on John Magruder's staff.
 He was the father of Admiral Husband E. Kimmel, who commanded the United States Pacific Fleet during the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
Appius Claudius Pulcher (c. 139 BC – 76 BC) was a Roman politician of the 1st century BC.
 There is uncertainty about who his father was.
 It was most probably the Appius Claudius Pulcher who was consul in 143 BC.
 He was a supporter of Lucius Cornelius Sulla and served as praetor in 88 BC.
 He was exiled in that year by Gaius Marius while Sulla was away in the east.
 He returned to Rome after Lucius Cornelius Cinna died in 84 BC, and served as consul in 79 BC and as governor of Roman Macedonia from 78 BC to 76 BC.
Claudius Xenophon (or Xenephon) was a governor of Britannia Inferior, a province of Roman Britain around AD 223.
 He is named on two milestones with nearly identical texts, which can be dated to that year.
 He succeeded Marius Valerianus, whose rule is attested in AD 222; and his governorship must have ended by AD 225, when another governor is mentioned in a fragmentary inscription, which only provides part of the name (Maximus).
 He is also mentioned in inscriptions in Vindolanda and perhaps at Chesters.
 His father is thought to be a T. Cl(audius) T. f(ilius) Papiria Xenophon, who is mentioned in inscriptions and papyri in various procuratorships in Egypt and Dacia under Commodus.
Marius Kohl (born 16 September 1953) is the former chief of the Luxembourg tax agency "Sociétés 6".
 During his 22-year tenure, he was solely responsible for approving thousands of tax arrangements for foreign companies investing capital in Luxembourg.
 He retired in 2013.
 Kohl was known by the nickname "Monsieur Ruling" and
