The East Hampton Star is a weekly, privately owned newspaper published each Thursday in East Hampton, New York.
 It is one of the few independent, family-owned newspapers still existing in the United States.
 The owners live in East Hampton Town.
Gardiner's Island is a small island in the Town of East Hampton, New York, in Eastern Suffolk County.
 It is located in Gardiner's Bay between the two peninsulas at the East end of Long Island.
 It is 6 mi long, 3 mi wide and has 27 mi of coastline.
 The island has been owned by the Gardiner family and their descendants since 1639 when Lion Gardiner purchased it from the Montaukett chief Wyandanch.
 It is one of the larger privately owned islands in the United States, and is slightly smaller than Naushon Island in Massachusetts, owned by the Forbes Family.
East Hampton Union Free School District is a public school district located in the Town of East Hampton on Long Island, in Suffolk County, New York, United States.
 It includes the village of East Hampton in addition to the surrounding area located north of the village.
 The district is made up of three schools: the John.
 M. Marshall Elementary School, the East Hampton Middle School, and East Hampton High School.
 The superintendent is Richard J. Burns.
The Village of East Hampton is a village in the town of East Hampton, New York, United States.
 It is located in Suffolk County, on the South Fork of eastern Long Island.
 The population was 1,083 at the time of the 2010 census, 251 less than in the year 2000.
 It is a center of the summer resort and upscale locality at the East End of Long Island known as The Hamptons and is generally considered one of the area's two most prestigious communities.
East Hampton Airport (IATA: HTO, ICAO: KHTO, FAA LID: HTO) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of East Hampton, a village in the Town of East Hampton, Suffolk County, New York, United States.
 The airport is owned and operated by the Town of East Hampton and located in the town's hamlet of Wainscott.
 It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Ross School is a private school located in the Town of East Hampton, on Long Island, New York, United States.
 It is the only private Pre-nursery–12 school located in East Hampton.
 The school was founded in 1992 by Courtney Sale Ross as a day school for a small class of her daughter and several friends and named after her late husband Steven J. Ross.
 Its curriculum is integrated around chronological periods of cultural history.
 The school soon grew into a middle and high school.
 It began a transition into a boarding school in 2010 after Ms. Ross withdrew continual funding.
 A majority of the student body is predominantly international, with the highest-represented nations including Brazil, China and Russia.
The East Hampton Town Police Department, commonly referred to as EHTPD, is a professional police organization responsible for primary jurisdictional law enforcement for the town of East Hampton, New York.
 East Hampton Town is located in Suffolk County.
 The East Hampton Town Police Headquarters are located in Wainscott, with an address of 131 Wainscott Northwest Road, Wainscott, NY 11975 (631) 537-7575.
 The department is a New York State Accredited Agency.
Springs is a census-designated place (CDP) roughly corresponding to the hamlet by the same name in the Town of East Hampton in Suffolk County, New York on the South Fork of Long Island.
 As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP population was 6,592.
 Springs, along with the rest of East Hampton, boasts some of the world's most valuable residential real estate.
Hook Windmill, also known as Old Hook Mill, is a historic windmill on North Main Street in East Hampton, New York.
 It was built in 1806 and operated regularly until 1908.
 One of the most complete of the extant windmills on Long Island, New York, in 1922 the windmill was sold to the town of East Hampton.
 The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The mill wаs renamed the "Old Hook Mill" and continues to open daily fоr visitors.
Small Island Indian Reserve No. 4, a.k.a. Small Island 4, is an Indian reserve of the Tlowitsis Nation located on Small Island in Beware Passage, south of Turnour Island, east of Harbledown Island, and west of West Cracroft Island.
