Toyota Material Handling, U.S.A., Inc. (TMHU), headquartered in Columbus, Indiana, is the U.S. distributor of Toyota lift trucks and tow tractors. TMHU also is the sole United States distributor for Aichi aerial work platforms, which include scissor lifts, crawler and wheeled boom lifts.
 TMHU is a subsidiary of Toyota Industries Corporation.
 Toyota has been the number one lift truck supplier in North America since 2002.
 One in five forklifts sold in the U.S.A. is a Toyota.
The Toyota F series engine was a series of OHV inline-6-cylinder engines produced by Toyota between 1955 and 1992.
 They are known for their high amount of torque at low RPM, massive cast-iron blocks and heads and also their high reliability.
 The F Engine had one of the longest production runs of any Toyota engine.
 The F engines all incorporate overhead valves actuated by pushrods from a gear driven camshaft in the lower portion of the engine.
 The engine was first introduced in the Land Cruiser, and in many countries, was the only engines offered in the Landcruiser until 1993.
 Although it's commonly badged as the Land Cruiser engine, it was used in a variety of other large truck applications as well, such as in fire trucks and the Toyota FQ15 trucks.
 It was also used in the FH26 police patrol car (based on the RH Super), FS20-FS50 police patrol cars (based on the RS20-MS50 Crown), the FHJ and FH24 fire trucks (both based on the RH Super) and the FS35 (based on the RS30 Crown) and FS45V ambulance (based on the MS40 Crown).
The Toyota FJ Cruiser is a retro style, mid-size SUV with styling and off road performance reminiscent of the original Toyota Land Cruiser (FJ40).
 Introduced as a concept car at the January 2003 North American International Auto Show, the FJ Cruiser was approved for production after positive consumer response and debuted at the January 2005 North American International Auto Show in final production form.
 The FJ Cruiser is built by Toyota subsidiary Hino Motors in Hamura, Japan since 2006 and shares many structural underpinnings with the Toyota Land Cruiser Prado.
 On 5 November 2013, Toyota USA announced the 2014 model year Trail Teams edition would be called the "Ultimate Edition" and that the 2014 model year would be the last for the FJ Cruiser in that market.
 It continued to be made for sale in other markets such as Australia and the Middle East until its production was discontinued in 2016.
Hotai Motor Co., Ltd. () is principally engaged in the distribution of automobiles and automobile parts with a revenue an approximate $2.5 billion USD, makes the company the largest automobile company in Taiwan.
 The Company primarily provides small-sized vehicles, including cars and commercial vehicles, under the brand name of Toyota, as well as large-sized vehicles, including trucks and passenger cars, under the brand names such as Toyota and HINO.
 The Company also provides air conditioners for vehicles.
 During the year ended December 31, 2006, the Company obtained approximately 89% of its total revenue from small-sized vehicles.
 The Company distributes its products mainly in the domestic market.
 As of 2006, Hotai Motor Co. also has subsidiaries engaging in car rental/leasing, auto insurances, auto financial services and auto parts and are in leading position on all sectors in Taiwan.
 Hotai's subsidiary Kuodo Motor operates Toyota/Lexus dealerships in Taiwan.
 Another subsidiary, Hotong Motor, operates dealerships in China.
The Toyota Mega Cruiser is a large, heavy-duty four wheel drive vehicle introduced by Toyota in 1995.
 The largest 4WD ever built by Toyota, it resembled the Hummer H1, and like the Hummer, was designed primarily for military use with the Mega Cruiser seeing duty as infantry transport, a light prime mover for heavy mortars, and mobile Surface-to-air missiles in the Japan Self Defense Forces.
 The military version as the BXD10, and the civilian version is known as a BXD20.
 Civilian uses incurred expensive taxes imposed by the Japanese government for dimension regulations and annual road tax obligations.
 It was available in Japan only at "Toyota Store" locations.
The Toyota Kijang (Japanese: トヨタ・キジャン , Toyota Kijang ) , an acronym of "Kerjasama Indonesia-Jepang" (English: Indonesian-Japan Cooperation), is a series of pickup trucks and MPVs sold mainly in Southeast Asia by Toyota.
 "Kijang", meaning deer/muntjac in Indonesian, was first introduced in Indonesia in 1977 and it has become the most popular car in the country.
 The same vehicle was earlier produced in the Philippines as the Toyota Tamaraw, where it was launched in December 1976.
 Fourth generation models in the Philippines were sold under the Toyota Revo name.
 This car also sold in other countries, and is known as the Toyota Qualis in India and Nepal (third and fourth generation), Toyota Zace in Taiwan (third and fourth generation), Toyota Unser in Malaysia (fourth generation), and Toyota Stallion in Africa for the basic models (second, third and fourth generation), with higher specifications labelled Toyota Venture (third) and Toyota Condor in South Africa (fourth generation).
Hino Motors, Ltd. (日野自動車株式会社, "Hino Jidōsha"), commonly known as simply Hino, is a Japanese manufacturer of commercial vehicles and diesel engines (including for trucks, buses and other vehicles) headquartered in Hino-shi, Tokyo.
 The company is a leading producer of medium and heavy-duty diesel trucks in Asia.
4WD Toyota Owner, established April 2005 in Los Angeles, California, is a magazine which is devoted to 4WD Toyota enthusiasts worldwide.
 It is currently based in Gig Harbor, Washington.
 It is the only all-Toyota publication available for sale in the United States- there is a French all-Toyota magazine called "TLC Mag".
 4WD Toyota Owner focuses exclusively on off-road Toyota vehicles such as the Tacoma, Tundra, Land Cruisers, FJ Cruiser, 4Runner, and the like.
 Its coverage is worldwide.
The Toyota War (Arabic: حرب تويوتا‎ ‎ "Ḥarb Tūyūtā", French: "Guerre des Toyota" ) is the name commonly given to the last phase of the Chadian–Libyan conflict, which took place in 1987 in Northern Chad and on the Libyan–Chadian border.
 It takes its name from the Toyota pickup trucks used, primarily the Toyota Hilux and the Toyota Land Cruiser, to provide mobility for the Chadian troops as they fought against the Libyans.
 The 1987 war resulted in a heavy defeat for Libya, which, according to American sources, lost one tenth of its army, with 7,500 men killed and US$1.5 billion worth of military equipment destroyed or captured.
 Chadian losses were 1,000 men killed.
The Toyota Noah (トヨタ・ノア , Toyota Noa ) is a seven or eight-seater MPV with two rear sliding doors built by Toyota and sold in Asia and Africa.
 A five-seater version without the third seat row is available (YY grade).
 Its predecessor was the Toyota LiteAce Noah.
 The Noah has two twin versions, named Toyota Voxy (トヨタ・ヴォクシー , Toyota Vokushī ) and Toyota Esquire (トヨタ・エスクァイア , Toyota Esukwaia ) .
 The Noah is exclusive to "Toyota Corolla Store" Japanese dealerships, the Voxy to "Toyota Netz", and the Esquire to "Toyopet Store".
 Its main competitors are the Honda StepWGN, Mazda Biante and the Nissan Serena.
