Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, known together as Pasek and Paul, are an American songwriting duo and composing team for musical theater, films, and television.
 Their works include "", "Dogfight", "Edges", "Dear Evan Hansen", and "James and the Giant Peach".
 Their original songs have been featured on NBC's "Smash", and in the film "La La Land", for which they won both the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Original Song for the song "City of Stars".
"City of Stars" is a song performed by Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone from the film "La La Land" (2016).
 The music of the song was composed by Justin Hurwitz while the lyrics were provided by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul.
 The song won numerous awards, including the award for Best Original Song at both the 74th Golden Globe Awards and 89th Academy Awards.
A Christmas Story: The Musical is a musical version of the film "A Christmas Story".
 The musical has music and lyrics written by Pasek & Paul and the book by Joseph Robinette.
 The musical takes place in the 1940s in Indiana and focuses on a child named Ralphie, who wants a Red Ryder BB Gun for Christmas.
"Another Day of Sun" is the opening number from the 2016 musical film "La La Land".
 The ensemble number portrays an ensemble of drivers in a Los Angeles traffic jam on a highway ramp singing and dancing about their aspirations to succeed in Hollywood.
 The song was filmed on location on a 130-foot-high express ramp of the Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange in three shots, edited with hidden cuts to give the illusion of a single six-minute take.
 The song was composed by Justin Hurwitz with lyrics by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, and choreography by Mandy Moore.
"La La Land" is a 2016 American romantic musical comedy-drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle.
 Starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, the film focuses on two young people struggling to make ends meet in Los Angeles, while pursuing their dreams as artists.
 Justin Hurwitz composed the film's musical score, while Linus Sandgren was the cinematographer.
 David and Sandy Reynolds-Wasco were responsible for the production design and Mary Zophres designed the costumes.
"Audition (The Fools Who Dream)" is a song from the film "La La Land" (2016).
 The music of the song was composed by Justin Hurwitz while the lyrics were provided by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul.
 In the film, the song is performed by Emma Stone.
 It received a nomination for Best Original Song at the 89th Academy Awards.
David Wasco and Sandy Reynolds-Wasco are an American husband and wife duo who are production designers and art directors.
 They are best known for their frequent collaborations with director Quentin Tarantino film's as a production designer such as "Reservoir Dogs" (1992), "Pulp Fiction" (1994), "" (2003), "" (2004), "Inglourious Basterds" (2009), and "La La Land" (2016) for which they received numerous awards and nominations, including the Art Directors Guild Award for Excellence in Production Design for a Contemporary Film, Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Art Direction, and won the Academy Award for Best Production Design at the 89th Academy Awards.
La La Land: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2016 film "La La Land".
 The soundtrack album was released through Interscope Records on December 9, 2016.
 The album has peaked at number 2 on the US "Billboard 200" and number 1 on the UK Albums Chart.
"La La Land" is a song recorded by American singer Demi Lovato.
 It was written by Lovato, Joe Jonas, Nick Jonas and Kevin Jonas and produced by the Jonas Brothers alongside John Fields, for Lovato's debut studio album, "Don't Forget" (2008).
 It was released as the album's second single on April 10, 2009, through Hollywood Records.
 "La La Land" is one of six songs on the album co-written by the Jonas Brothers, who also contributed backing vocals and guitars to the track.
 Lovato said that she wrote the song about being yourself in Hollywood and not letting other people change who you are.
 Musically, the song is a guitar-driven pop rock song and the lyrics speak of Lovato feeling "out of place" in Hollywood.
Mary Zophres is an American costume designer who has worked in the film industry since 1994.
 She has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design twice for "True Grit" (2010) and for "La La Land" (2016).
 She has also been nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Costume Design three times for "Catch Me If You Can" (2002), "True Grit", and "La La Land".
