The following is a list of chapters and colonies of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
 As of July 2017, the organization lists 139 active groups, of which 26 are colonies, and 91 are chapters in good standing.
 Additionally, many chapters have become dormant since the fraternity was founded in 1839.
Yōko Kamio (神尾 葉子 , Kamio Yōko , born June 29, 1966) is a Japanese manga artist and writer.
 She is most famous for "Boys Over Flowers" (花より男子 , Hana Yori Dango ) , for which she received the Shogakukan Manga Award in 1996.
 Her work has been translated and distributed in Asia, Europe, and North America.
Yōko Shōji (庄司 陽子 , Shōji Yōko , born 4 June 1950, in Mobara, Chiba) is a Japanese manga artist.
 She is best known for writing "Seito Shokun!
" ("Attention Students!")
, for which she won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo in 1978.
Seito Shokun!
 (Japanese: 生徒諸君!
 , lit.
 "Attention Students!")
 is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yōko Shōji.
 It is serialized in Kodansha's "Shōjo Friend" from 1977 to 1984.
 The individual chapters were published into 24 "tankōbon" by Kodansha between February 1978 and June 1985.
 "Seito Shokun!"
 won the second Kodansha Manga Award in 1978 for the shōjo category.
The Gamma Alpha Graduate Scientific Society (ΓΑ) is a non-profit fraternal organization (501(c)(7)) in the United States which fosters interdisciplinary dialogue among graduate students through its local chapters.
 The Society’s chapters have often been headquartered in chapter houses, akin to residential cooperatives, though there have been many chapters which lacked a chapter house.
 Where established, chapter houses have served as venues for the academic talks hosted by the Society.
 More informally, the shared living space of the Society’s houses has provided its members with a forum for a regular exchange of ideas across disciplines—over breakfast or dinner, for example, or a game of chess.
No Need for Bushido is a webcomic started on April 11, 2002, on Keenspace (now Comic Genesis).
 The comic is drawn by Alex Kolesar and written by Joseph Kovell.
 Its content and title are based on various influences from such anime and manga as Tenchi Muyo!
 (which has a series of volumes titled "No Need for Tenchi") and Rurouni Kenshin, a famous manga/anime series which No Need For Bushido obviously parodies at many points.
 Kolesar's artistic style is influenced by, but not restricted to, the manga and anime styles, while Kovell's writing style is humorous, unique and random.
 The series is a mixture of anachronism, exaggerated action, veiled drama, and comedy based in a parodied feudal Japan.
Ryukyukoku Matsuri Daiko Hawaii (琉球國祭り太鼓ハワイ支部) is chapter of the Okinawan Eisā taiko ensemble Ryukyukoku Matsuri Daiko.
 It is one of many chapters around the world.
 Other chapters are found in Okinawa Prefecture, mainland Japan, South America, and the U.S. mainland.
Yōko Maki (槙ようこ , Maki Yōko , born July 11, 1981) is a Japanese manga artist best known for "Aishiteruze Baby".
 Maki debuted in 1999 with "Love Service!"
 in "Ribon Original" magazine.
 She also has a pet dog named Leo and her profile in the "Aishiteruze Baby" comic says her hobby is "...blowing soap bubbles" and that one of her skills is "...passing quickly through a crowd of people".
 She has a sister, Mochida Aki, which she is currently making manga with such as, Zen Zen.
Inukami!
 (いぬかみっ!
 , lit.
 "Dog Gods!")
 is a Japanese light novel series written by Mamizu Arisawa, with illustrations by Kanna Wakatsuki.
 The series originally started serialization in volume seventeen of ASCII Media Works' now-defunct light novel magazine "Dengeki hp" on April 18, 2002.
 Four more chapters were published until the first bound novel of the series was released, though more chapters were later serialized in the magazine.
 Fourteen main novels, plus two additional bonus novels with illustrations by Mari Matsuzawa, were published by ASCII Media Works under their "Dengeki Bunko" label between January 10, 2003 and December 10, 2008.
 The series revolves around a dog goddess named Yōko and her master Keita Kawahira as they fight against various troublesome spirits.
 Several more inukami besides Yōko also play an important role, most notably the inukami of Kaoru Kawahira.
Shōji Satō (佐藤 ショウジ , Satō Shōji ) is a Japanese manga artist who does hentai and non-hentai artwork.
 He has also published various "dōjinshi" under the pen name Inazuma and runs a hentai genre manga artist group called Digital Accel Works.
 He is responsible for the character design and illustration for the "Highschool of the Dead" manga.
 He is the former assistant of manga artist Kōshi Rikudō, the creator of the popular manga series "Excel Saga".
