Mount Borodin ( ) is a mainly ice-covered mountain, 695 m high, with a rock outcrop on the east side, 7 nmi north-northeast of Gluck Peak in the southwest part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.
 A number of peaks in this general vicinity first appear on the maps of the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947–48.
 This peak, apparently one of these, was mapped from RARE air photos by Derek J.H. Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1960, and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Alexander Borodin, the Russian composer.
Stenka Razin, Op. 13, is a symphonic poem composed by Alexander Glazunov in 1885.
 Dedicated to the memory of Alexander Borodin, it is one of the few compositions written by Glazunov on a nationalist subject and is composed in a style reminiscent of Borodin and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
The Polovtsian Dances, or Polovetsian Dances (Russian: Половецкие пляски, "Polovetskie plyaski" from the Russian "Polovtsy"—the name given to the Kipchaks and Cumans by the Rus' people) form an exotic scene at the end of Act II of Alexander Borodin's opera "Prince Igor".
The Petite Suite is a suite of seven piano pieces, written by Alexander Borodin, and acknowledged as his major work for the piano.
 It was published in 1885, although some of the pieces had been written as far back as the late 1870s.
 After Borodin's death, Alexander Glazunov orchestrated the work, and added his orchestration of another of Borodin's pieces as an eighth number.
Symphony No. 2 in B minor by Alexander Borodin was composed intermittently between 1869 and 1876.
 It consists of four movements and is considered the most important large-scale work completed by the composer himself.
 It has many melodic resemblances to both "Prince Igor" and "Mlada", two theatre works that diverted Borodin's attention on and off during the six years of composition.
The Hunsdiecker reaction (also called the Borodin reaction after Alexander Borodin) is the organic reaction of silver salts of carboxylic acids with halogens to give organic halides.
 It is an example of a halogenation reaction.
 The reaction is named after Heinz Hunsdiecker and Cläre Hunsdiecker, but was first noted by Borodin in 1861 when he prepared methyl bromide from silver acetate.
Alexander Borodin's Scherzo in A-flat major is a lively piece written in 1885, while Borodin was in Belgium for an early performance of his then incomplete opera "Prince Igor".
 It was originally written for solo piano but in 1889 Alexander Glazunov orchestrated it, along with the "Petite Suite".
 Borodin dedicated the piece to Théodore Jadoul, who made a four-hand piano arrangement of it.
Alexander Pavlovich Dianin (Russian: Александр Павлович Дианин ; April 20, 1851 – December 6, 1918) was a Russian chemist from Saint Petersburg.
 He carried out studies on phenols and discovered a phenol derivative now known as bisphenol A and the accordingly named Dianin's compound.
 He was married to the adopted daughter of fellow chemist Alexander Borodin.
 In 1887, Dianin succeeded his father-in-law as a chair of the Chemistry Department at the Imperial Medical-Surgical Academy in St. Petersburg.
The String Quartet No. 2 is a string quartet in D major written by Alexander Borodin in 1881.
 It was dedicated to his wife Ekaterina Protopova.
 Some scholars, such as Borodin’s biographer Serge Dianin, suggest that the quartet was a 20th anniversary gift and that it has a program evoking the couple’s first meeting in Heidelberg.
 Of its four movements, the third movement “Notturno” is the most famous, and part of it was adapted into the song “And This Is My Beloved” from the 1953 Broadway musical "Kismet".
"Fate" is a popular song from the 1953 musical "Kismet" and is credited to Robert Wright and George Forrest.
 Like all the music in that show, the melody was in fact based on music composed by Alexander Borodin, in this case, Borodin's "Symphony No.2."
 It was introduced on Broadway by Alfred Drake.
 Howard Keel performed the song in the film version.
