"Sing Me to Sleep" is a song by Norwegian record producer and DJ Alan Walker.
 Incorporating uncredited vocals provided by Norwegian recording artist Iselin Solheim, it was released commercially for digital consumption on 3 June 2016.
 Upon release, the recording was generally acclaimed by music critics, with several noticing similarities to the style of its predecessor, "Faded".
Masta Ace Incorporated was a Hip Hop crew formed by rapper Masta Ace.
 The group, also known as "The I.N.C.", included Eyceurokk (Eyce, Uneek and Rokkdiesel), Lord Digga, Paula Perry and R&B vocalist Leschea.
 Ace first gained notice in the rap world as a member of the legendary Juice Crew, and with the release of his acclaimed 1990 debut "Take a Look Around", which featured an appearance from Eyceurokk.
 In 1992, Ace formed the I.N.C. crew and recorded their first group album, "SlaughtaHouse", which was released in May 1993.
 Ace provided almost all of the rapping, with Lord Digga serving as the hype-man.
 Digga was also responsible for a bulk of the beats, producing five of the album's songs as part of the duo Bluez Brothers.
 Paula Perry was the main performer on the song ""Who U Jackin'?""
, Leschea provided vocals for ""Don't Fuck Around (Outro)"", and Eyceurokk appeared on the tracks '"Slaughtahouse"' (as MC Negro), ""Ain't U Da Masta"" and ""Saturday Nite Live"".
 The album was highly acclaimed, but sold only moderately well.
 Some versions of "SlaughtaHouse" included the hidden bonus track, ""Born to Roll"", which became a huge hit in 1994, breaking into the Top 25 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart.
 Eyceurokk split from the crew after "SlaughtaHouse", leaving the group to four members.
All About She are an English band from London, England.
 The band consists of record producers James Tadgell and Jon Clare, and singer Vanya Taylor.
 They are signed to Tinie Tempah's record label Disturbing London and have worked several times with him as well as other artists on the label.
 Tadgell and Clare, who have both previously worked with Devlin and Scorcher, wrote and produced "Intro", which opens Tinie Tempah's debut album "Disc-Overy."
 Vanya provided vocals for Tinie's hit single "Simply Unstoppable" and Roska's song "Desire".
 Taylor has also performed backing vocals for Jessie J, and All About She created a remix of her single "It's My Party" for the deluxe edition of her second album, "Alive".
 They also collaborated with Calvin Harris on a song from his fourth album, "Motion" (2014).
Jörgen Sandström of Stockholm, Sweden, provided vocals, bass and guitar for Grave on their first three albums and played with Entombed (Bass/Backing Vocals) 1995-2004.
 He is currently involved with bands such as Krux (Guitar), Vicious Art (Bass/Backing Vocals), The Project Hate MCMXCIX (Vocals) and Torture Division (Vocals/Bass).
 He also did guest vocals on Nasum's "Helvete" and on Death Breath's "Stinking up the Night".
Iselin Løken Solheim (born 20 June 1990) is a Norwegian singer and songwriter.
 She is known for her vocals in Alan Walker's singles "Faded" and "Sing Me to Sleep".
"Jai Ho" is a song composed by A. R. Rahman for the 2008 film, "Slumdog Millionaire".
 When Danny Boyle, the director of "Slumdog Millionaire", approached Rahman to compose its soundtrack, he included the song.
 "Jai Ho" accompanies a choreographed dance sequence at the end credits of "Slumdog Millionaire".
 The song features vocals from Sukhvinder Singh, Mahalaxmi Iyer and Vijay Prakash in Hindi, Urdu and Punjabi.
 Indian singer Tanvi Shah wrote and provided vocals for a Spanish section of the song.
 "Jai Ho" is a Hindi phrase which can be roughly translated as "Let [the] victory prevail", "Let there be victory", or "May there always be victory".
The Fullness of Time is progressive metal band Redemption's second album overall, but the first to feature a band lineup, as opposed to a project lineup as found on the 2003 eponymous debut and featuring members of Prymary Chris Quirarte and James Sherwood.
 The vocals were provided by Fates Warning vocalist Ray Alder, who previously produced the first album and provided vocals for one song.
 This is the only album with James Sherwood on the bass.
The music of the American television series "Twin Peaks", its 1992 prequel film "", and its 2017 revival series was composed by Angelo Badalamenti.
 "Twin Peaks"' co-creator David Lynch wrote lyrics for five songs used throughout the series—including "Falling", "The Nightingale", "Into the Night", "Just You" and "Sycamore Trees"—and three songs featured in "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me", including "A Real Indication", "Questions in a World of Blue" and "The Black Dog Runs at Night".
 Julee Cruise, who made cameo appearances in both the series and film, provided vocals for four of Lynch's and Badalamenti's collaborations, and jazz vocalist Jimmy Scott performed on "Sycamore Trees".
 Three of the series' actors—James Marshall, Lara Flynn Boyle, and Sheryl Lee—provided vocals for "Just You".
Edda Dell'Orso (born Edda Sabatini, February 16, 1935) is an Italian singer, especially known for her collaboration with composer Ennio Morricone for which she provided wordless vocals to a large number of his film scores.
 Dell'Orso also provided vocals to film scores of other Italian composers such as Bruno Nicolai, Piero Piccioni, Luis Bacalov and Roberto Pregadio.
 She was born in Genoa.
Real Ones also known as Reelones, is a Folk/rock band from Bergen, Norway, which was formed in 1994 when the members were 14 and 15 years of age.
 Band members include Ivar Vogt (vocals, guitar, ukulele, saxophone), Jørgen Sandvik (vocals, guitar, banjo, sitar), Kåre Opheim (drums, backing vocals), Øystein Skjælaaen (bass, backing vocals), and David Vogt (vocals, violin, organ).
 1994-2009 Yrjan Tangenes provided vocals, percussion, and bodhrán, and Thomas Lønnheim played percussion in 1999-2000
