Tristan Wade is an American professional poker player from Boynton Beach, Florida.
 He won his first World Series of Poker bracelet at the 2011 World Series of Poker Europe.
 In addition to a bracelet, 2011 saw Wade earn his first 3 World Series of Poker (WSOP) final tables, with two at the summer 2011 World Series of Poker before his fall bracelet in Europe.
 Wade is also an instructor at Deepstacks University.
 Wade is an alumnus of University of Central Florida where he earned a bachelor of science degree in psychology.
 WSOP.com lists him as a resident of Boynton Beach, Florida, while Hendon mob claims he is from Orlando, Florida.
 Wade made his first trip to Europe at the age of 26 in 2011 because of Black Friday, which had limited his options for play in the United States.
José-Luis Velador (born in Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican-American professional poker player from Corona, California, who is a two-time World Series of Poker bracelet winner.
 He won his first bracelet at the 2008 World Series of Poker in the $1,500 No-Limit Hold'em event and then two years later at the 2010 World Series of Poker he won his second bracelet after defeating David Chiu heads-up in the $2,500 Pot Limit Hold'em/Omaha event.
Konstantin Puchkov (born 1952) is a Russian poker player, horse trainer and horse breeder from Moscow.
 He was the fourth Russian-born player to earn a World Series of Poker bracelet.
 He is best known for having earned a World Series of Poker bracelet in his first World Series of Poker in the money finish (2010 World Series of Poker Event #31: H.O.R.S.E., $1,500 buy-in) and setting the record for most in the money finishes at one series during the 2012 World Series of Poker (11).
The fifth World Series of Poker Europe (WSOPE) took place from October 7, 2011 to October 20, 2011.
 There were seven bracelet events, culminating in the €10,400 WSOPE Championship No-Limit Hold'em event.
 Events were held at the Majestic Barrière Cannes and the Le Croisette Casino Barrière in Cannes, France.
 The 7 official gold bracelet events were complemented by a total of 51 other events in the two-week schedule, the most prominent of which is the €550 Ladies only event.
 ESPN broadcast the Main Event on its worldwide television network, and all official gold bracelet events streamed live on WSOP.com.
The Epic Poker League was a series of poker tournaments which took place in 2011, organised by Federated Sports + Gaming.
 Former World Series of Poker commissioner Jeffrey Pollack served as Executive Chairman, professional poker player Annie Duke was Commissioner, and Matt Savage was Tournament Director.
 The three events held took place at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Season One received television coverage on CBS and Velocity Network.
Anne LaBarr "Annie" Duke (née Lederer; September 13, 1965) is an American professional poker player and author.
 She holds a World Series of Poker (WSOP) gold bracelet from 2004 and used to be the leading money winner among women in WSOP history (a title now held by Vanessa Selbst).
 Duke won the 2004 World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions and the National Heads-Up Poker Championship in 2010.
 She has written a number of instructional books for poker players, including "Decide to Play Great Poker" and "The Middle Zone", and she published her autobiography, "How I Raised, Folded, Bluffed, Flirted, Cursed, and Won Millions at the World Series of Poker", in 2005.
Marcel Louis Vonk (born 14 January 1974) is a poker player and the first Dutch person to win a World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet in No Limit Hold'em (NLHE).
 On July 5, 2010, he beat out 3,843 opponents to capture the gold bracelet in event #54: $1,000 No-Limit Hold'em, taking home $570,960 USD for the victory.
The World Poker Tour bracelet is the World Poker Tour's (WPT) answer to the World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet.
 Beginning in 1976, the WSOP started awarding bracelets to winners of WSOP events.
 The WSOP bracelet has become synonymous with greatness.
 "It's impossible to overstate the value of a World Series of Poker gold bracelet to anyone who takes the game seriously," stated World Series of Poker Commissioner Jeffrey Pollack during the 2006 bracelet unveiling.
 "It is the equivalent of winning the Stanley Cup in hockey or the Lombardi Trophy in football."
 Since their introduction, a poker player's success has been measured by the number of bracelets they had won.
 With introduction of the WPT bracelet, the WPT hopes to capitalize on the prestige of winning poker bracelets.
 WPT Founder, President and CEO, Steve Lipscomb said, "The championship bracelet has become synonymous with poker as a symbol of achievement and respect, and we are honored to continue the tradition that Benny Binion [the founder of the WSOP] began over 30 years ago."
Matthew Graham (born in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American professional poker player from Houston, Texas, who is a two time World Series of Poker bracelet winner, He won his first bracelet at the 2008 World Series of Poker in the $1,500 Limit Hold'em Shootout event.
 During the next year at the 2009 World Series of Poker, he won his second bracelet in the $10,000 World Championship Pot Limit Omaha event.
The World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet is considered the most coveted non-monetary prize a poker player can win.
 Since 1976, a bracelet has been awarded to the winner of every event at the annual WSOP.
 Even if the victory occurred before 1976, WSOP championships are now counted as "bracelets".
 During the first years of the WSOP only a handful of bracelets were awarded each year.
 In 1990, there were only 14 bracelet events.
 By 2000, that number increased to 24.
 As the popularity of poker has increased during the 2000s, the number of events has likewise increased.
 In 2011, 58 bracelets were awarded at the WSOP, seven at the World Series of Poker Europe (WSOPE), and one to the WSOP National Circuit Champion.
 This brought the total number of bracelets awarded up to 959.
 Five additional bracelets were awarded for the first time in April 2013 at the inaugural World Series of Poker Asia-Pacific (WSOP APAC) in Melbourne, Australia.
.
 In 2017, 74 for bracelets were awarded at the WSOP and an additional 11 will be awarded at the WSOPE in Czech Republic.
