Sam & Max Save the World is a graphic adventure video game developed by Telltale Games.
 The game was originally released as Sam & Max: Season One before being renamed in early 2009.
 "Save the World" was developed in episodic fashion, comprising six episodes that were released for Microsoft Windows over the course of late 2006 and early 2007.
 The episodes were initially distributed online by GameTap and Telltale Games themselves, although the later retail releases of the game were published by The Adventure Company and JoWooD Productions in North America and Europe respectively.
 A Wii port of the game was published in late 2008, and an Xbox Live Arcade version was released in mid-2009.
"Happy Valley" is a British crime drama television series created by Sally Wainwright and produced by Red Production Company.
 The first series of six episodes started airing on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 29 April 2014.
 It was released on Netflix in the United States and Canada on 20 August 2014.
 A second series of six episodes started airing on BBC One on 9 February 2016 and was made available on Netflix in the US later that year.
Kiss of Death, previously titled "Breathless" and "Blood Rush", is a BBC crime investigation drama, written by Barbara Machin, author of the British television crime drama series "Waking the Dead".
 The one-off drama, intended as a backdoor pilot for a possible series, was originally written as a two-part series, but was re-written several times at the request of BBC executives.
 The original running time of 120 minutes was also shorted to 90; and the programme was finally being broadcast on May 26, 2008, in one instalment.
 The drama was produced by BBC Northern Ireland and shot in Bristol.
 A DVD was released in Sweden in 2010, but as of 2016, has not been released in the UK.
 Viewing figures of 3.9 million did not prove strong enough for a full series to be commissioned.
The first season of "Fear the Walking Dead", an American horror-drama television series on AMC, premiered on August 23, 2015, and concluded on October 4, 2015, consisting of six episodes.
 The series is a companion series and prequel to "The Walking Dead", which is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.
 On March 9, 2015, AMC announced it had ordered "FTWD" to series, with a two-season commitment: the first season, comprising six episodes, premiered on August 23, 2015; the second season, comprising 15 episodes, premiered on April 10, 2016.
Pramface was a BBC Three comedy-drama series starring Scarlett Alice Johnson and Sean Michael Verey.
 Written by Chris Reddy, the first series, comprising six half-hour episodes, piloted on 23 February 2012.
 The second series, which was commissioned by the BBC before the first series had even aired, began transmission on 8 January 2013 with an hour-long special as the first episode.
 The remaining six episodes of the series were of the usual half-hour length.
 A third series was commissioned which began airing on 25 February 2014 with the double episode series finale, which aired on 25 March 2014, bringing the third series to a total of six half-hour episodes.
 It was confirmed in August 2014 that a fourth series will not be commissioned.
Luther is a British crime drama programme starring Idris Elba as the title character, DCI John Luther.
 Written by Neil Cross, the first season, comprising six episodes, ran in May and June 2010.
 A second season of four episodes aired on BBC One in June and July 2011.
 A third series was commissioned in 2012, comprising four episodes aired in July 2013.
 A two-episode fourth series was broadcast in December 2015.
 A fifth series has been announced with filming due to start in early 2018.
Warren Brown (born 11 May 1978) is an English actor and former professional Thai boxer, well known for his roles as Andy Holt in teen soap opera "Hollyoaks", Lee Hibbs in the three-part BBC drama series "Occupation" written by Peter Bowker and as DS Ripley in acclaimed BBC crime drama "Luther".
The Frankenstein Chronicles is a British television period crime drama series that first aired on ITV Encore on November 11, 2015.
 The series, designed as a re-imagining of Mary Shelley's 1818 novel "Frankenstein", follows Inspector John Marlott (Sean Bean), a river police officer who uncovers a corpse made up of body parts from eight missing children, and sets about determining the identity of the person responsible.
 The series co-stars Tom Ward as then-Home Secretary Sir Robert Peel and Anna Maxwell Martin as author Mary Shelley.
 The first series, comprising six episodes, opened to critical acclaim and drew an average audience of 250,000 viewers per episode.
Luther: The Calling by Neil Cross is the first of three tie-in novels based on the BBC crime drama "Luther".
NCS: Manhunt is a British television crime drama series, starring David Suchet, and based on the National Crime Squad.
 Created by Malcolm McKay, the series premiered with a two-part pilot episode on BBC One on March 26, 2001.
 A full series of six episodes debuted on March 4, 2002, and concluded on March 19, 2002.
 Despite the series popularity, and strong viewing figures, a second series was never commissioned.
 Notably, neither the pilot nor the complete series have ever been issued on DVD, although the series was repeated in its entirety on Forces TV in 2016.
 The series notably starred Michael Fassbender in one of his earliest television roles, after appearing in "Band of Brothers" the previous year.
 Kenneth Cranham and Phyllis Logan also co-starred in the pilot episode.
