The Lingnan Fine Arts Museum () of the Academia Sinica is a museum in Nangang District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Postawele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
 It lies approximately 25 km north of Suwałki and 133 km north of the regional capital Białystok.
Wrzosówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
 It lies approximately 5 km north of Małogoszcz, 25 km north of Jędrzejów, and 25 km west of the regional capital Kielce.
Czarna Dąbrówka (German: "Schwarz Damerkow" ; Kashubian: "Czôrnô Dąbrówka" ) is a village in Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
 Until 1945 it was part of Farther Pomerania in Prussia.
 It is now the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka.
 It lies approximately 25 km north of Bytów and 71 km west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
 The village has a population of 1,112.
Antolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
 It lies approximately 25 km north of Biała Podlaska and 119 km north of the regional capital Lublin.
Wujaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
 It lies approximately 25 km south of Rozogi, 25 km south-east of Szczytno, and 65 km south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Ogony is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
 It lies approximately 25 km east of Maków Mazowiecki and 87 km north of Warsaw.
Bruliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
 It lies approximately 25 km west of Pułtusk and 52 km north of Warsaw.
Synkowce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
 It lies approximately 25 km north of Sokółka and 60 km north of the regional capital Białystok.
Młynarze is a village in Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
 It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Młynarze.
 It lies approximately 25 km north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 89 km north of Warsaw.
