Prozor Fortress (Croatian: "Tvrđava Prozor" or "Gradina" ) is a medieval fortress situated in the continental part of Split-Dalmatia County, in inland Dalmatia, just above the town of Vrlika in Croatia.
 From its origin as a small stronghold built by the ancient Illyrian tribe Dalmatae, it developed into a fortress in the 15th century, during the reign of the Croatian and Bosnian feudal lord Hrvoje Vukčić Hrvatinić.
Nicopsis, Nikopsis, or Nikopsia (Greek: Νικόψις ; Georgian: ნიკოფსი, ნიკოფსია ) was a medieval fortress and town on the northeastern Black Sea coast, somewhere between the towns of Tuapse, Russia, and New Athos, Abkhazia/Georgia.
 It features in the medieval Greek and Georgian sources as a Byzantine outpost and then as the northwestern extreme of the Kingdom of Georgia.
 A center of Christianity in the region known as Zichia, Nikopsis was at times a Byzantine bishopric and was believed to be a burial place of the apostle Simon the Canaanite.
Pirlitor was a medieval fortress in Mount Durmitor, in Old Herzegovina (part of present-day Montenegro), built at the edge of the deep canyon of the Tara River.
 Only a part of the wall at the fortress's highest point has survived to the present day.
 It is located 16 km from the town of Žabljak, at the altitude of about 1450 meters.
 Pirlitor overlooked the medieval road between Nikšić and Pljevlja, at the place where the road descended from Durmitor's Lake Plateau into the canyon.
Saranta Kolones(Greek: Κάστρο Σαράντα Κολώνες, Forty Columns castle ) is a ruined medieval fortress inside the Paphos Archaeological Park and it is located just north of the harbour of Paphos, on the island of Cyprus.
 It takes its name from the large number of granite columns that were found on the site and probably once formed part of the ancient agora.
 The Byzantine castle is believed to have been built at the end of the 7th century AD to protect the port and the city of Nea Pafos from Arab raids and later remodeled by the Lusignans.
 The Fortress had a three-metre thick wall with four huge corner towers and another four intermediary towers along the joining walls and moat surrounding the castle.
 Access was across a wooden bridge spanning the moat.
 The square courtyard measured 35 metres long by 35 metres wide, with a tower at each corner.
 The main entrance was through a fifth, horseshoe-shaped tower on the east side.
 Destroyed by an earthquake in 1222, the castle was subsequently abandoned.
Asen's Fortress (Bulgarian: Асенова крепост , "Asenova krepost"), identified by some researchers as Petrich (Петрич), is a medieval fortress in the Bulgarian Rhodope Mountains, 2 to south of the town of Asenovgrad, on a high rocky ridge on the left bank of the Asenitsa River.
 Asen's Fortress is 279 m above sea level.
Tønsberg Fortress ("Tunsberg festning") was a medieval fortress, located in Tønsberg, Norway which was defended by the fortress for over 300 years.
Prizren Fortress (Serbian: Призренски град"/Prizrenski grad" ), also known as Kaljaja (Albanian: "Каlаја" , ) and Dušan's Fortress (Душанов град"/Dušanov grad" ), is a medieval fortress in Prizren, Kosovo, which once served as the capital of the Serbian Empire.
 It was built on a hill above Prizrenska Bistrica, around which the modern city developed.
 The first fort, erected on this location by the Byzantines, was further expanded by Emperor Stefan Dušan (r. 1331–55).
 The fort then came under the control of the Ottomans for four centuries.
 It was declared a Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1948.
Glamoč fortress (Bosnian: "Glamočka tvrđava" ) is a medieval fortress located on the north slopes of Staretina mountain just above town of Glamoč.
 The construction of the fortress started as early as 14th century.
The Fortress of Zvečan (Serbian: "Tvrđava Zvečan", Тврђава Звечан / "Zvešanski grad", Звечански град , Albanian: "Kalaja e Zveçanit" ), also known as Zvečan/Zveçan medieval fortress and Fortress of Mitrovica (Albanian: "Kalaja e Mitrovicës" ), located in the north-west of the city of North Kosovska Mitrovica, in North Kosovo , is an enormous castle and one of the oldest fortresses in South Eastern Europe.
 It was built on the top of the extinct volcano vent, overlooking the Ibar river.
The Klis Fortress (Croatian: "Tvrđava Klis" ) is a medieval fortress situated above a village bearing the same name, near the city of Split, in central Dalmatia, Croatia.
 From its origin as a small stronghold built by the ancient Illyrian tribe Dalmatae, becoming a royal castle that was the seat of many Croatian kings, to its final development as a large fortress during the Ottoman wars in Europe, Klis Fortress has guarded the frontier, being lost and re-conquered several times throughout its more-than-two-thousand-year-long history.
 Due to its location on a pass that separates the mountains Mosor and Kozjak, the fortress served as a major source of defense in Dalmatia, especially against the Ottoman advance, and has been a key crossroad between the Mediterranean belt and the Balkan rear.
