Saint Louis University School of Medicine (SLUSOM) is a private, American Medical School within Saint Louis University.
 Located in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, Saint Louis University School of Medicine was established in 1836 and has the distinction of awarding the first M.D. degree west of the Mississippi River.
Saint Louis College (SLC) is a college in City of San Fernando, La Union, Philippines.
 It was founded by the Congregatio Immaculati Cordis Mariae (CICM).
 There are also sister schools of SLC, like Saint Louis University(SLU) in Baguio, University of Saint Louis Tuguegarao (USL) in Tuguegarao City, Saint Louis College of Cebu in Mandaue, Cebu, Saint Mary's University (Philippines) in Bayombong, Nueva Vizcaya, and Maryhill School of Theology in Quezon City.
Saint Louis University - Madrid Campus (SLU-Madrid), founded in 1967, is a 4-year American university in Spain.
 Saint Louis University is a highly ranked Jesuit institution with campuses in St. Louis, Missouri, and Madrid, Spain.
 SLU-Madrid offers fully accredited American undergraduate and graduate degrees that can be completed in Spain or combined with studies at the St. Louis campus.
The Saint Louis University Ice Pavilion is a proposed project by Saint Louis University to build an indoor ice and sports facility to be constructed in concert with another project already in progress, the Chaifetz Arena.
 The university is planning to build an on-campus ice arena, to be named 'SLU Ice Pavilion.'
 The facility will host youth, high school, college hockey as well as special events; it will have a seating capacity of 2,300, and offer four youth hockey locker rooms, Saint Louis University Locker rooms (D1 and D2), four Prep School Locker rooms, conditioning and weight room.
 As well as common and quiet study lounges for students and private offices and two private suites to be used for special events and/or VIP use.
 The Ice Pavilion will also offer activities such as public skating, figure skating clubs, speed skating clubs, intramural broomball, intramural hockey, curling clubs, and learn-to-skate opportunities for the students and faculty.
 The plans for this new Ice Pavilion were in response to the need for a closer facility to the Saint Louis University campus.
 The current facility in use, the Summit Center in Chesterfield, MO, is approximately 21 miles away from SLU's campus, with average crowd sizes of 250-400 in attendance.
The 1991 Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer team represented Saint Louis University during the 1991 NCAA Division I men's soccer season.
 The Billikens played their first season in the now-defunct Great Midwest Conference, where they were the inaugural regular-season and tournament champions.
 Saint Louis earned an automatic bid to the 1991 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament, where they had their best NCAA tournament appearance since 1974.
 Saint Louis reached the College Cup before losing to the eventual national champions, Virginia.
Eleonore Stump is the Robert J. Henle Professor of Philosophy at Saint Louis University, where she has taught since 1992.
 She received a B.A. in classical languages from Grinnell College (1969), where she was valedictorian and received the Archibald Prize for scholarship; she has an M.A. in Biblical Studies (New Testament) from Harvard University (1971), and an M.A. and Ph.D in Medieval Studies (Medieval Philosophy) from Cornell University (1975).
 Before coming to Saint Louis University, she taught at Oberlin College, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, and University of Notre Dame.
 Currently, she also holds secondary or honorary appointments at Wuhan University and Australian Catholic University.
Bradbury Norton Robinson, Jr. (February 1, 1884 – March 7, 1949) was a pioneering American football player, physician, and local politician.
 He played college football at the University of Wisconsin in 1903 and at Saint Louis University from 1904 to 1907.
 In 1904, through personal connections to Wisconsin governor Robert M. La Follette, Sr. and his wife, Belle Case, Robinson learned of calls for reforms to the game of football from President Theodore Roosevelt, and began to develop tactics for passing.
 After moving to Saint Louis University, Robinson threw the first legal forward pass in the history of American football on September 5, 1906, at a game at Carroll College in Waukesha, Wisconsin.
 He became the sport's first triple threat man, excelling at running, passing, and kicking.
 He was also a member of St. Louis' "Olympic World's Champions" football team in 1904.
KSLU is a Student Media Organization at Saint Louis University (SLU) in Saint Louis, Missouri.
 The organization, which is affiliated with the College of Arts & Sciences' Department of Communication, provides "Saint Louis University and the St. Louis community with a student-run, tangible media outlet; providing new music, talk radio, written publication, as well as other student needs".
 Its studios and offices are located in the University's Busch Student Center building.
Saint Louis University School of Law, also known as SLU LAW, is a private American law school located in St. Louis, Missouri.
 It is one of the professional graduate schools of Saint Louis University.
 Opened in 1843, it is the first law school west of the Mississippi River.
 The school has been ABA approved since 1924 and is a member of the Association of American Law Schools.
 Housed in Scott Hall, the law school has the highest enrollment of law students in Missouri .
 It offers both full- and part-time programs.
 The school is also home to Saint Louis University's Vincent C. Immel Law Library, which is one of the largest law libraries in the state of Missouri.
 Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas studied for his bar exam at the old Omer Poos Law Library on the main SLU campus.
The Grove is a business district located between Vandeventer and Kingshighway in the Forest Park East neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri.
 It is near Barnes-Jewish Hospital, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint Louis University Hospital, Saint Louis University School of Medicine, Forest Park, and Tower Grove Park.
