In geometry, a point group in three dimensions is an isometry group in three dimensions that leaves the origin fixed, or correspondingly, an isometry group of a sphere.
 It is a subgroup of the orthogonal group O(3), the group of all isometries that leave the origin fixed, or correspondingly, the group of orthogonal matrices.
 O(3) itself is a subgroup of the Euclidean group E(3) of all isometries.
The Model 3107 chair is a chair designed by Arne Jacobsen in 1955 that uses the previously invented technique through which plywood can be bent in three dimensions (which was invented by Charles and Ray Eames).
 Over 5 million units have been produced exclusively by Fritz Hansen.
 It is one of the most copied chairs in the world.
In mathematics, a 3-sphere is a higher-dimensional analogue of a sphere.
 It consists of the set of points equidistant from a fixed central point in 4-dimensional Euclidean space.
 Analogous to how an ordinary sphere (or 2-sphere) is a two-dimensional surface that forms the boundary of a ball in three dimensions, a 3-sphere is an object with three dimensions that forms the boundary of a ball in four dimensions.
 A 3-sphere is an example of a 3-manifold.
In mathematics, orientation is a geometric notion that in two dimensions allows one to say when a cycle goes around clockwise or counterclockwise, and in three dimensions when a figure is left-handed or right-handed.
 In linear algebra, the notion of orientation makes sense in arbitrary finite dimension.
 In this setting, the orientation of an ordered basis is a kind of asymmetry that makes a reflection impossible to replicate by means of a simple rotation.
 Thus, in three dimensions, it is impossible to make the left hand of a human figure into the right hand of the figure by applying a rotation alone, but it is possible to do so by reflecting the figure in a mirror.
 As a result, in the three-dimensional Euclidean space, the two possible basis orientations are called right-handed and left-handed (or right-chiral and left-chiral).
In mathematics, physics and chemistry, a space group is the symmetry group of a configuration in space, usually in three dimensions.
 In three dimensions, there are 219 distinct types, or 230 if chiral copies are considered distinct.
 Space groups are also studied in dimensions other than 3 where they are sometimes called Bieberbach groups, and are discrete cocompact groups of isometries of an oriented Euclidean space.
Flight dynamics is the science of air vehicle orientation and control in three dimensions.
 The three critical flight dynamics parameters are the angles of rotation in three dimensions about the vehicle's center of mass, known as "pitch", "roll" and "yaw".
In mathematics, the seven-dimensional cross product is a bilinear operation on vectors in seven-dimensional Euclidean space.
 It assigns to any two vectors a, b in R a vector a × b also in R. Like the cross product in three dimensions, the seven-dimensional product is anticommutative and a × b is orthogonal both to a and to b. Unlike in three dimensions, it does not satisfy the Jacobi identity, and while the three-dimensional cross product is unique up to a sign, there are many seven-dimensional cross products.
 The seven-dimensional cross product has the same relationship to the octonions as the three-dimensional product does to the quaternions.
In geometry, dihedral symmetry in three dimensions is one of three infinite sequences of point groups in three dimensions which have a symmetry group that as abstract group is a dihedral group Dih ( "n" ≥ 2 ).
Motion estimation is the process of determining motion vectors that describe the transformation from one 2D image to another; usually from adjacent frames in a video sequence.
 It is an ill-posed problem as the motion is in three dimensions but the images are a projection of the 3D scene onto a 2D plane.
 The motion vectors may relate to the whole image (global motion estimation) or specific parts, such as rectangular blocks, arbitrary shaped patches or even per pixel.
 The motion vectors may be represented by a translational model or many other models that can approximate the motion of a real video camera, such as rotation and translation in all three dimensions and zoom.
The Limited Capacity Model of Motivated Mediated Message Processing or LC4MP is an explanatory theory that assumes humans have a limited capacity for cognitive processing of information, as it associates with mediated message variables; moreover, they (viewers) are actively engaged in processing mediated information Like many mass communication theories, LC4MP is an amalgam that finds its origins in psychology.
 Specifically, this theory has its origins in the Limited Capacity Model for understanding cognitive information processing.
 The most fundamental assumptions of information processing are the three dimensions of cognitive processing.
 The three dimensions: 1) encoding, 2) storage, and 3) retrieval.
 This is how viewers get presented information into their heads.
 Messages can be processed under controlled conditions or they can be automatically elicited.
