Heaven Hill Distilleries, Inc. is an American, private family-owned and operated distillery company headquartered in Bardstown, Kentucky that produces and markets the Heaven Hill brand of Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey and a variety of other distilled spirits.
 Its current distillery facility, called the Heaven Hill Bernheim distillery, is in Louisville, Kentucky.
 It is the seventh-largest alcohol supplier in the United States, the second-largest holder of bourbon whiskey inventory in the world, the largest independent family-owned and operated producer and marketer of distilled spirits in the United States, and the only large family-owned distillery company headquartered in Kentucky (not counting the Brown-Forman Corporation, which is publicly traded but more than two-thirds family-controlled, or the Sazerac Company, which is family-owned but headquartered in Louisiana).
Viking Range Corporation is an appliance company that manufactures kitchen appliances for residential and commercial use.
 Viking originated the "professional" segment of kitchen appliances with its introduction of the first professional-grade range for home use in 1987.
 Today the company offers three complete lines of premium appliances including cooking, ventilation, kitchen clean-up and refrigeration, as well as various outdoor appliances.
 In addition to their "Professional" and less expensive "Designer" series, Viking's latest offering is their new "Commercial" line of kitchen appliances for use in restaurant and other commercial kitchens.
 Headquartered on historic Cotton Row in downtown Greenwood, Mississippi, Viking Range employs more than 1,000 people at four manufacturing facilities in Leflore County.
 In 2013, the Middleby Corporation acquired Viking Range Corporation for $380 million in cash.
 Within a couple of months of the acquisition the company laid off one-fifth of its employees.
GE Appliances, formerly known as GE Appliances & Lighting and GE Consumer & Industrial, along with GE Appliances, when owned by General Electric (GE), is an appliance company headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky and owned by Haier Group.
 It is one of the largest appliance brands in the United States.
 The company encompasses the appliance brands of GE, Profile, Cafe, Monogram, and Hotpoint.
 GE Appliances includes wholly owned subsidiary FirstBuild, a global co-creation community and state-of-the-art microfactory located in Louisville, Kentucky.
Freedom Hall is a multipurpose arena in Louisville, Kentucky, on the grounds of the Kentucky Exposition Center, which is owned by the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
 It is best known for its use as a basketball arena, serving as the home of the University of Louisville Cardinals men's team from 1956 to 2010, the Kentucky Colonels of the American Basketball Association from 1970 until the ABA-NBA merger in June 1976, and the Louisville Cardinals women's team from its inception in 1975 to 2010.
 Freedom Hall's last regular tenant was the Kentucky Stickhorses of the North American Lacrosse League, who used it from 2011 until the team folded in 2013.
The Hotpoint Electric Heating Company (generally known simply as Hotpoint) is an American and European brand of domestic appliances. Ownership of the brand is split between the American company Whirlpool, which has European rights, and Chinese company Haier, which has North American rights since its purchase of GE Appliances.
Danby is the name of a line of appliances marketed by Danby Products Ltd., led by Guelph’s Wood family.
 The company claimed the largest market share in the compact appliance category in North America (in 2012).
 It is a privately held Canadian company headquartered on the outskirts of Guelph, Ontario.
 The company has additional locations in Findlay, Ohio and Foxboro, Massachusetts as well as a location in Guangzhou, China.
 Danby is not a manufacturer.
 It is affiliated with manufacturers in China, Mexico, and the United States.
 Although this is a closely held company, annual sales are estimated at about 400 million dollars through the sale of compact and specialty appliances such as microwaves, compact refrigerators, wine coolers, ranges, washing machines, air conditioners and dehumidifiers and employs a staff of approximately 110.
Parker Hannifin Corporation, originally Parker Appliance Company, usually referred to as just Parker, is an American corporation specializing in motion and control technologies.
 Its corporate headquarters are in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, in Greater Cleveland (with a Cleveland mailing address).
 The company was founded in 1917 and has been publicly traded on the NYSE since December 9, 1964.
 the firm is one of the largest companies in the world in motion control technologies, including aerospace, climate control, electromechanical, filtration, fluid and gas handling, hydraulics, pneumatics, process control, and sealing and shielding.
 Parker employs about 58,000 people globally.
Maytag was an American home and commercial appliance company.
Fantom Technologies, Inc. was a Canadian household appliance company founded in Welland, Ontario in 1986 as IONA Appliances, with offices in Buffalo, New York, USA.
 A manufacturer of dual-cyclonic type vacuum cleaners, they were inspired from the Dyson vacuums (which would not appear in North America until 2002).
 Its later name was adopted in 1995.
 Fantom went bankrupt in October 2001 and their vacuums have been considered collector's items since.
Arthur "Art" LaRue Parker (November 16, 1885 – January 1, 1945) was an American businessman and inventor, known for founding Parker Hannifin Corporation (then known as Parker Appliance Company).
