Modbury Heights is a medium-sized suburb in the City of Tea Tree Gully, Adelaide, with a census area population of 5,601 people.
 The suburb is located in the foothills of the Mount Lofty Ranges around 16 kilometres north east of the Central business district.
 Much of the suburb is residential but there is a small shopping area along Ladywood Road.
 The area was first settled by Europeans in 1857, however major development did not begin until the 1970s, beginning as a northerly residential extension to central Modbury.
Tea Tree Gully, frequently written "Teatree Gully", is a suburb in the greater Adelaide, South Australia area, under the City of Tea Tree Gully.
 Tea Tree Gully is in the City of Tea Tree Gully local government area, the South Australian House of Assembly electoral district of Newland and the Australian House of Representatives Division of Makin.
Westfield Tea Tree Plaza is a large shopping centre located in Modbury serving as a shopping hub for Adelaide's growing north eastern suburbs.
 It is linked to the city by Adelaide's unique O-Bahn system, which terminates at the Tea Tree Plaza Interchange.
 There is a smaller shopping centre building called Tea Tree Plus slightly to the north of the main centre.
 Major tenants include Myer, Harris Scarfe, Target, Kmart, BIG W, Woolworths, Coles, Aldi and Hoyts Cinemas. With 245 stores, Tea Tree Plaza is the second largest shopping centre in Adelaide, only Westfield Marion is larger.
Para Hills is a residential suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.
 There is a light aircraft airport close to its boundary, and numerous sporting facilities, abundant parks and schools and two medium-sized shopping centres.
 Most of the suburb is in the City of Salisbury while some is in the City of Tea Tree Gully.
King's Baptist Grammar School is in Wynn Vale, a north eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, having moved from nearby Tea Tree Gully where it was known as "Tea Tree Gully Christian School".
 The school is known throughout the region for numerous outstanding accolades.
 The school is also recognized for its annual musical production, held at the Shedley Theater in Elizabeth.
 In 2013, 950 students were enrolled at the school.
Modbury is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia in the City of Tea Tree Gully.
 Modbury is located at the end of the Adelaide O-Bahn and is home to the Tea Tree Plaza shopping complex and a Hospital.
Tea Tree Gully was an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia from 1970 to 1977.
 The suburb of Tea Tree Gully has since been represented by the seat of Newland.
Vista is a small north-eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia and is within the City of Tea Tree Gully local government area.
 It is adjacent to Houghton, Tea Tree Gully, St Agnes and Hope Valley.
Houghton is a small town near Adelaide, South Australia.
 It is located in the Adelaide Hills, in the City of Tea Tree Gully and the Adelaide Hills Council local government areas between Tea Tree Gully and Inglewood on the North East Road.
The City of Tea Tree Gully is a local council in the Australian state of South Australia, in the outer north-eastern suburbs of Adelaide.
 The city has an estimated population of 98,861 people and is one of the most populous local government divisions in Adelaide.
 The major business district in the city is at Modbury, where Tea Tree Plaza, the Civic Centre and the library are located.
