In political science and sociology, elite theory is a theory of the state which seeks to describe and explain the power relationships in contemporary society.
 The theory posits that a small minority, consisting of members of the economic elite and policy-planning networks, holds the most power and that this power is independent of a state's democratic elections process.
 Through positions in corporations or on corporate boards, and influence over the policy-planning networks through financial support of foundations or positions with think tanks or policy-discussion groups, members of the "elite" are able to exert significant power over the policy decisions of corporations and governments.
 An example of this can be found in the "Forbes" magazine article (published in December 2009) entitled "The World's Most Powerful People," in which "Forbes" purported to list the 67 most powerful people in the world (assigning one "slot" for each 100,000,000 of human population).
 The basic characteristics of this theory are that power is concentrated, the elites are unified, the non-elites are diverse and powerless, elites interests are unified due to common backgrounds and positions and the defining characteristic of power is institutional position.
Pawan Munjal (Pawan Kant Munjal) is an Indian belonging to the promoter family of Hero group.
 Pawan is the third child of (father) Brijmohan Lall Munjal and (Mother) Santosh Munjal.
 He is 61 years old and currently serves as the Chairman, Managing Director & CEO of Hero Motocorp.
 India Today magazine ranked him #49th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.
Rahul Bhatia is an Indian businessman and co-founder and Non-executive director of low-cost carrier IndiGo and Group Managing Director of InterGlobe Enterprises.
 IndiGo airlines commenced operations in 4thAugust 2006 and had its Initial Public Offering (IPO) in October 2015.
 After the listing of the airline on the Indian stock exchanges BSE and NSE, "Forbes" magazine declared him the twentieth richest person in India (jointly with his father Kapil Bhatia), with a net worth of $3.1 billion.
 India Today magazine ranked him #17th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.
The New Zealand Listener Power List is a list of the most powerful people in New Zealand, compiled annually by the "New Zealand Listener" from 2004 to 2009.
 From 2004 to 2007, the list covered the 50 most powerful people without separating them by field.
 In 2008, the list was divided into the top ten most powerful, and ten lists of five or six people each in specific fields.
Prathap Chandra Reddy (born 1933 in Aragonda) is an Indian entrepreneur and cardiologist, who founded the first corporate chain of hospitals in India – the Apollo Hospitals Group.
 India Today magazine ranked him #48th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.
Hu Xiaolian (; born 1958) is the Deputy Governor of the People's Bank of China and the former director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in China.
 She was ranked 23rd on "The Wall Street Journal"' s "The 50 Women to Watch 2007" list.
 She was ranked fourth on "The Wall Street Journal"' s "The 50 Women to Watch 2008" list and was referred to as "one of the most powerful people in the world".
Vineet Jain belongs to the Sahu Jain family and is the current Managing director of India's largest media group, Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd., parent company of "The Times of India" and other large newspapers.
 India Today magazine ranked him #23th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.
Rajiv Bajaj (born December 21, 1966) is the Managing Director of Bajaj Auto since 2005.
 He introduced the Pulsar range of motorcycles credited with reviving the fortunes of the ailing company benefiting the Indian auto industry.
 India Today magazine ranked him #42th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.
Dilip Shanghvi (born 1 October 1955) is an Indian businessman and one of the country's richest people.
 He founded Sun Pharmaceuticals with a partner, Pradeep Ghosh.
 The Government of India awarded him the civilian honour of the Padma Shri in 2016.
 India Today magazine ranked him #8th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.
Aditya Puri is the Managing Director of HDFC Bank, India's largest private sector bank.
 He assumed this position in September 1994, making him the longest-serving head of any private bank in the country.
 India Today magazine ranked him #24th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.
