The Cost is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Harley Knoles and written by Clara Beranger and David Graham Phillips.
 The film stars Violet Heming, Edwin Mordant, Jane Jennings, Ralph Kellard, Edward Arnold, and Clifford Grey.
 The film was released on April 11, 1920, by Paramount Pictures.
Half an Hour is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Harley Knoles and written by Clara Beranger.
 The film stars Dorothy Dalton, Charles Richman, Albert L. Barrett, Frank Losee, and H. Cooper Cliffe.
 It is based on the play "Half an Hour" by J. M. Barrie.
 The film was released on September 19, 1920, by Paramount Pictures.
Lew Tyler's Wives is a lost 1926 silent film drama directed by Harley Knoles.
 It was produced and released by independent production company Preferred Pictures.
Land of Hope and Glory is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Ellaline Terriss, Lyn Harding and Robin Irvine.
 It was inspired by Edward Elgar's 1902 song "Land of Hope and Glory".
Guilty of Love is a lost 1920 American silent drama film directed by Harley Knoles and written by Rosina Henley and Avery Hopwood.
 The film stars Dorothy Dalton, Julia Hurley, Henry Carvill, Augusta Anderson, Edward Langford, and Charles Lane.
 The film was released on August 22, 1920, by Paramount Pictures.
His Brother's Wife is a 1916 silent American drama film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Carlyle Blackwell and Ethel Clayton.
 It was distributed by the World Film Company.
Winning America is a documentary television film about the Canadian band Said the Whale.
 It follows the band on their first US tour down through California, and then to South by Southwest.
 It premiered on CBC Television on July 23, 2011.
 The film was directed by Brent Hodge and Thomas Buchan, and was produced by Brent Hodge, Jon Siddall and Sheila Peacock.
 It was nominated for a Leo Award in 2012.
The Master Hand is a 1915 silent film drama directed by Harley Knoles and starring Nat C. Goodwin.
 It is based on a 1907 play "The Master Hand" by Carroll Fleming.
 It was released by World Film Company.
Pinna Nesbit (1896-1950) was a Canadian silent film actress.
 She was married three times and had an affair with King Edward VIII, when he was Prince of Wales, and not yet King.
 Her first husband, Harley Knoles, directed several of her films.
A Romantic Adventuress is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Harley Knoles and written by Charles Belmont Davis and Rosina Henley.
 The film stars Dorothy Dalton, Charles Meredith, Howard Lang, Augusta Anderson, and Ivo Dawson.
 The film was released in November 1920, by Paramount Pictures.
