Sir Quett Ketumile Joni Masire, GCMG (23 July 1925 – 22 June 2017) was the second President of Botswana, in office from 1980 to 1998.
 He was a leading figure in the independence movement and then the new government, and played a crucial role in facilitating and protecting Botswana's steady financial growth and development.
 He stepped down in 1998 and was succeeded by Vice-President Festus Mogae, who became the third President of Botswana.
Seretse Khama Ian Khama (or Ian a Serêtsê; born 27 February 1953) is a Motswana politician who has been the President of Botswana since 2008.
 After serving as Commander of the Botswana Defence Force, he entered politics and served as Vice-President of Botswana from 1998 to 2008, then succeeded Festus Mogae as President on 1 April 2008.
 He won a full term in the 2009 election and was re-elected in October 2014.
The Parliament of Botswana consists of the President and the National Assembly.
 In contrast to other Parliamentary systems, the Parliament elects the President directly (instead of having both a ceremonial President and a Prime Minister who has real authority as head of government) for a set five-year term of office.
 There are no term limits.
 The President is both head of State and of Government in Botswana's parliamentary republican system.
 The current President of Botswana is Ian Khama, who assumed the Presidency on 1 April 2008 and won a full five-year term in the postceding Botswana General elections, which were held on 16 October 2009 and returned his Botswana Democratic Party with a majority of 35 (total of 45) seats in the 61 seat Parliament.
Statue of Ulgulan is a proposed 150 feet tall statue of Bhagwan Birsa Munda, a tribal freedom fighter from Jharkhand.
 The statue will be built on NH 33 Ranchi-Jamshedpur national highway near Bundu.
 The announcement of Statue of Ulgulan has been made by the Ex-Deputy Chief Minister of Jharkhand and AJSU President Shri Sudesh Mahto at the Birsa Jan Panchayat held on 15 November 2016, the birth date of Bhagwan Birsa Birsa Munda at Ulihatu Village, Khunti after the unanimous approval by the Jan Panchayat.
 Birsa Munda’s kin Sukhram Munda has been made the convener of the Statue of Ulgulan committee.
 The committee will go to every village in the region to apprise people about the statue and collect a stone from every household.The statue is expected to be built by 15 November 2018.
Naomi Jacobson was a sculptor.
 She was born in Windhoek in South West Africa on 1 June 1925.
 Her father was Israel Goldblatt, a lawyer and supporter of Namibian independence.
 She studied at the University of Cape Town where she met and married her husband Larry.
 They moved to Johannesburg in 1973.
 During her career she made statues of people including Lord Baden-Powell, Nelson Mandela, Oliver Tambo, the Zulu kings Shaka and Cetshwayo, Steve Biko, and Sir Seretse Khama.
 She died in 2016.
The Botswana Movement for Democracy (BMD) is a new opposition political party in Botswana.
 It was established in 2010 by MPs and other politicians who split from the ruling Botswana Democratic Party over differences with Ian Khama, the BDP's leader and President of Botswana.
Tshekedi Stanford Khama (born 9 June 1958) is a Botswana Member of Parliament from Serowe North-West.
 He is a member of the Botswana Democratic Party (BDP).
 He is also the brother of the current President of Botswana, Ian Khama, and one of the three sons of the first President of Botswana, Seretse Khama and Ruth Williams Khama.
The President of the Republic of Botswana is the head of state and the head of government of Botswana, as well as the commander-in-chief of the Botswana Defence Force, according to the Constitution of Botswana.
The First Lady of the Republic of Botswana is the title used by the wife of the President of Botswana.
 Botswana's inaugural First Lady was Lady Ruth Williams Khama, the English-born wife of the country's inaugural President, Seretse Khama.
Politics of Botswana takes place in a framework of a parliamentary representative democratic republic, whereby the President of Botswana is both head of state and head of government, and of a multi-party system.
 Executive power is exercised by the government.
 Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Parliament of Botswana.
 The party system has been dominated by the Botswana Democratic Party (BDP), which has never lost power since independence.
 The Judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature.
