Community High School, also known as West Chicago Community High School, WCCHS, or simply WE-GO, is a public four-year high school located in West Chicago, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 It is the sole school in the Community High School District 94.
St. Charles Community Schools (STCCS) is a school district headquartered in St. Charles, Michigan.
 It is a part of the Saginaw Intermediate School District and serves the St. Charles area, including the village of St. Charles, the northern portions of Brant and St. Charles townships, and the southern portions of Fremont and Swan Creek townships.
 Its schools include St. Charles Elementary School, Anna M. Thurston Middle School, and St. Charles Community High School.
Lincoln-Way Community High School District 210 is a school district in the southwest suburbs of Chicago.
 Created in 1951, the district serves the communities of New Lenox, Frankfort, Mokena, Manhattan, and small portions of Tinley Park and Orland Park.
 Four high schools comprise Lincoln-Way Community High School District 210: Lincoln-Way Central, Lincoln-Way East, Lincoln-Way North and Lincoln-Way West.
 Lincoln-Way Central and Lincoln-Way West are located in New Lenox; Lincoln-Way East and Lincoln-Way North are located in Frankfort.
 District 210 offices are located at Lincoln-Way Central.Effective for the 2016-2017 school year, due to financial troubles, Lincoln-Way Community High School District 210 will consolidate to a three school district.
 The three schools to comprise the district are Lincoln-Way Central, Lincoln-Way East, and Lincoln-Way West.
East Peoria Community High School is a four-year public high school located in East Peoria, Illinois, and is the only school of East Peoria Community High School District 309.
 It has approximately 1,200 students.
 East Peoria Community High School has several feeder schools: Central Junior High School (East Peoria School District 86), Parkview Middle School (Creve Coeur School District 76), and Robein Elementary School (District 85).
Culver Community High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Culver, Indiana.
 It is fully accredited by the Indiana Department of Education and the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement.
 The high school is part of the Culver Community Schools Corporation, along with one middle school and one elementary school.
Franklin Community High School is a community high school based in Franklin, Indiana.
 It is a part of Franklin Community Schools.
Lakes Community High School, or LCHS, is a public four-year high school located in Lake Villa, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 It is part of Community High School District 117, which also includes Antioch Community High School.
Ridge Community High School or RCHS is a public high school located on the Davenport, Florida and Haines City, Florida Line.
 RCHS was established in 2005 in Polk County.
 It currently serves 2,600 students and has 106 teachers on campus.
 Ridge Community High School is one of many schools with a separate 9th Grade campus with its own front office.
 The main campus holds students in 10th, 11th, and 12th grade with some exceptions.
 Ridge Community High School sits on 76 acre of land.
 Ridge Community High School is zoned for Davenport and Haines City.
 Ridge Community High School's rivals include Haines City High School, Lake Wales High School and others in Polk County.
 The principal of RCHS is currently Russell Donnelly who replaced Sherry Wells, the acting principal between the school's opening in 2005 and 2015 and has a few assistant principals.
 Ridge Community High School is part of the Polk County School Board.
 RCHS's mascot is the Bolt, and the school motto is Once a Bolt, always a Bolt.
Antioch Community High School, Antioch, or ACHS, is a public four-year high school located in Antioch, Illinois, a far north suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 It is part of Community High School District 117, which also includes Lakes Community High School.
Community High School District 117 is a 9-12 high school district based in Lake Villa, Lake County, Illinois that serves both the city where it is based and the village of Antioch, Illinois, alongside Old Mill Creek and Lindenhurst.
District 117 is composed of two high schools: Antioch Community High School, which is located in the city of its namesake; and Lakes Community High School, which is, in turn, located in Lake Villa.
 The district superintendent is Jim McKay,
