Eureka (also called "Eureka!")
 is an Australian musical with music by Michael Maurice Harvey, book and lyrics by Gale Edwards and John Senczuk and original book and lyrics by Maggie May Gordon.
 The musical is set in Victoria during the Eureka Rebellion of 1854, covering the tensions between immigrant gold miners from many cultures and the British colonial authorities.
 The original Australian production played in Melbourne in 2004 at Her Majesty's Theatre.
 It was nominated for the Helpmann Award for Best Musical in 2005.
Maggie May is a musical with a book by Alun Owen and music and lyrics by Lionel Bart.
 Based on "Maggie May", a traditional ballad about a Liverpool prostitute, it deals with trade union ethics and disputes among Irish-Catholic dockers in Liverpool, centring on the life of streetwalker Margaret Mary Duffy and her sweetheart, a freewheeling sailor.
"Sipping Cider Through a Straw" is a folk song of uncertain origin.
 A minstrel song titled "Sucking Cider Thro' a Straw", with words and music attributed to W. Freear, was published in 1894 by White-Smith in the United States; this composition may be the origin of the folk song, or may owe its own origin to the folk song.
Billy Boyle is an Irish actor on British film, television and stage.
 He is a veteran of the West End stage having played leading roles in over 15 hit shows.
 In his first West End musical "Maggie May" he was nominated as best newcomer.
 Gower Champion then chose him to play Barnaby in "Hello Dolly" at The Theatre Royal Drury Lane.
 He appeared in "Canterbury Tales" at the Phoenix Theatre as The Clerk of Oxford.
 Harold Hobson, The Times critic said, "He was a breath of fresh air in the West-End".
 He then went on to play leading roles in "No Sex Please, We're British", "Billy", "What's a Nice Country", "The Rivals", "Love, Lust, & Marriage", "Some Like it Hot", Disney's "Beauty and the Beast", and in the original cast of "Dirty Dancing.
 Lately he has appeared as Grandpa George" and Grandpa Joe in Charlie and The Chocolate Factory at Drury Lane.
 In 2016 he was Major Bouvier and Norman Vincent Peale in the smash hit Grey Gardens.
 He followed this playing Arvide in Guys and Dolls at the Phoenix Theatre in the West End.He has had his own very successful television series in Ireland "It's Billy Boyle" as well as leading roles in "Trail of Guilt", the award-winning "The Grass Arena", "The Bretts", as well as many guest appearances in EastEnders, The Professionals, Coronation Street, Father Ted etc.
 In the late 1970s, Boyle was cast as 'Ronald McDonald' in the European TV commercials and in all print media for the fast food chain McDonald's.
 He was the last 'straight man' to Basil Brush on BBC1's "The Basil Brush Show" and later presented a programme, Dance Crazy for ITV, on the history of dance with Lesley Judd.
 Lately he has been seen in Dirk Gently, for BBC Four and Lead Balloon.
 His many films include Stanley Kubrick's "Barry Lyndon", "Groupie Girl", "Side by Side", "Shergar", "Wild Geese II", "The Scarlet and the Black", "Round Ireland with a Fridge" and A United Kingdom.
"Keep yor feet still!
 Geordey, hinny" is a famous Geordie comic song written in the 19th century by Joe Wilson, in a style deriving from music hall.
 Though the words were by Wilson, it is to be sung to the existing tune of "Nelly Gray" (also used for the Liverpool song "Maggie May")
Maggie is a common short form of the English name Margaret or sometimes Magdalene, Marjorie and Margarida.
 Maggie may refer to:
"Every Picture Tells a Story" is a song written by Rod Stewart and Ron Wood and initially released as the title track of Stewart's 1971 album "Every Picture Tells a Story".
 It has since been released on numerous Stewart compilation and live albums, including "The Best of Rod Stewart", "" and "Unplugged...and Seated".
 It was released as a single in Spain, backed with "Reason to Believe."
 It has also been covered by The Georgia Satellites on their 1986 album "Georgia Satellites" and by Robin McAuley on "Forever Mod: A Tribute to Rod Stewart".
 In the "Rolling Stone Album Guide", critic Paul Evans described "Every Picture Tells a Story" and "Maggie May," another song off the "Every Picture Tells a Story" album, as Rod Stewart's and Ron Wood's "finest hour—happy lads wearing their hearts on their sleeves."
 Music critic Greil Marcus regards the song as "Rod Stewart's greatest performance."
"Maggie May" (or "Maggie Mae") (Roud 1757) is a traditional Liverpool folk song about a prostitute who robbed a "homeward bounder": a sailor coming home from a round trip.
Min'yō (民謡 ) is a genre of traditional Japanese music.
 The term is a translation of the German word "Volkslied" (folk song) and has only been in use since the twentieth century.
 Japanese traditional designations referring to more or less the same genre include "inaka bushi" ("country song") "inaka buri" ("country tune"), "hina uta" ("rural song") and the like, but for most of the people who sang such songs they were simply "uta" (song).
 The term min'yō is now sometimes also used to refer to traditional songs of other countries, though a preceding adjective is needed: Furansu min'yō = French folk song; for this reason, many sources in Japanese also feel the need to preface the term with "Nihon": Nihon min'yō = Japanese [traditional] folk song.
"When You and I Were Young, Maggie" is a famous folk song, popular song and standard.
 Though Springtown, Tennessee, has a small monument outside an old mill claiming the song was written by a local George Johnson, in 1864, for his Maggie, the truth is that its lyrics were written as a poem by the Canadian school teacher George Washington Johnson from Hamilton, Ontario.
 Margaret "Maggie" Clark was his pupil.
 They fell in love and during a period of illness, George walked to the edge of the Niagara escarpment, overlooking what is now downtown Hamilton, and composed the poem.
 The general tone is perhaps one of melancholy and consolation over lost youth rather than mere sentimentality or a fear of aging.
 It was published in 1864 in a collection of his poems entitled "Maple Leaves".
 They were married in 1864 but Maggie's health deteriorated and she died on May 12, 1865.
 James Austin Butterfield set the poem to music and it became popular all over the world.
 George Washington Johnson died in 1917.
 The schoolhouse where the two lovers met still stands on the escarpment above Hamilton, and a plaque bearing the name of the song has been erected in front of the old building.
 In 2005, the song was inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame.
