Diamond Cut Audio Restoration Tools (also known as DC-Art) is a set of digital audio editor tools from Diamond Cut Productions used for audio restoration, record restoration, sound restoration of gramophone records and other audio containing media.
The Nassak Diamond (also known as the Nassac Diamond and the Eye of the Idol) is a large, 43.38 carat diamond that originated as a larger 89 carat diamond in the 15th century in India.
 Found in the Amaragiri mine located in Mahbubnagar, Telangana, India, and originally cut in India, the diamond was the adornment in the Trimbakeshwar Shiva Temple, near Nashik, in the state of Maharashtra, India from at least 1500 to 1817.
 The British East India Company captured the diamond through the Third Anglo-Maratha War and sold it to British jewellers Rundell and Bridge in 1818.
 Rundell and Bridge recut the diamond in 1818, after which it made its way into the handle of the 1st Marquess of Westminster's dress sword.
The princess cut is the second most popular cut shape for diamonds, next to a round brilliant.
 The face-up shape of the princess cut is square or rectangular and the profile or side-on shape is similar to that of an inverted pyramid with four beveled sides.
 The princess cut is a relatively new diamond cut, having been created in the 1960s.
 It has gained in popularity in recent years as a more distinctive alternative to the more popular round brilliant cut, in which the top of diamond, called the crown, is cut with a round face-up shape and the bottom, called the pavilion, is shaped similar to a cone.
 A princess cut with the same width as the diameter of a round brilliant will weigh more as it has four corners which would otherwise have been cut off and rounded to form a round brilliant.
 The princess cut is sometimes referred to as a square modified brilliant.
 However, while displaying a good degree of brilliance, its faceting style is unique and completely different from that of a round brilliant.
 The Princess cut had its origins in the early "French" cut, having a step-modified "Double-French" or "Cross" cut crown and a series of unique, chevron-shaped facets in the pavilion which combine to give a distinct cross-shaped reflection when the stone is viewed directly through the table.
 The Barion shaped cut has now been renamed the "Princess cut".
In order to best use a diamond gemstone's material properties, a number of different diamond cuts have been developed.
 A diamond cut constitutes a more or less symmetrical arrangement of facets, which together modify the shape and appearance of a diamond crystal.
 Diamond cutters must consider several factors, such as the shape and size of the crystal, when choosing a cut.
 The practical history of diamond cuts can be traced back to the Middle Ages, while their theoretical basis was not developed until the turn of the 20th century.
 Design creation and innovation continue to the present day: new technology—notably laser cutting and computer-aided design—has enabled the development of cuts whose complexity, optical performance, and waste reduction were hitherto unthinkable.
Garry Holloway FGAA, DipDT, JAA Appraiser, left a career in geology and in 1976 established Melbourne diamond design award winning jeweller, Precious Metals.
 In 1984 he studied the Fire Scope while undertaking the Gemological Association of Australia’s Diamond Diploma.
 This led to a long and passionate interest in diamond cut.
The Wittelsbach-Graff Diamond is a 31.06 carat deep-blue diamond with internally flawless clarity.
 Laurence Graff purchased the Wittelsbach Diamond in 2008 for £16.4 million.
 In 2010, Graff revealed he had had the diamond cut by three diamond cutters to remove flaws.
 The diamond was now more than 4 carat lighter and was renamed the Wittelsbach-Graff Diamond.
 There is controversy, as critics claim the recutting has so altered the diamond as to make it unrecognisable, compromising its historical integrity.
The 1st International Diamond Cut Conference, held in Moscow Russia, April 23–26, 2004, brought industry leaders together to discuss diamond cut, the factor where human intervention has the most influence, yet the least understood and hardest to evaluate.
Henry Grossbard was the inventor of the Radiant Cut, a diamond cut similar to the Barrion but with different faceting, and founder of RCDC corp. marketing the original radiant cut.
 He came to the U.S. during World War II from Austria, and apprenticed with a diamantaire.
 He later became a master diamond cutter before inventing the Radiant Cut in 1976.
 Henry Grossbard died in 2005 in a hit and run accident, while walking his dog on Passover.
 The killer was never found.
Golkonda, also known as Golconda, Gol konda ("Round shaped hill"), or Golla konda, (Shepherds Hill) is a citadel and fort in Southern India and was the capital of the medieval sultanate of the Qutb Shahi dynasty (c.1518–1687), is situated 11 km west of Hyderabad.
 It is also a tehsil of Hyderabad district, Telangana, India.
 The region is known for the mines that have produced some of the world's most famous gems, including the Koh-i-Noor, the Hope Diamond, Nassak Diamond and the Noor-ul-Ain.
Marcel Tolkowsky (25 December 1899 – 10 February 1991) was a member of a Jewish family from Poland of diamond cutters and an engineer by education.
 He is generally acknowledged as the father of the modern round brilliant diamond cut.
 Many of his family have gone on to become noted diamond cutters, including his cousin Lazare Kaplan and his great nephew Gabi Tolkowsky.
