Los Hombres del Camuflaje (Spanish for "Men In Camouflage") is a Mexican sibling professional wrestling tag team consisting of Artillero (real name unrevealed) and Súper Comando (real name Gustavo Torres Ramirez).
 The team is currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying "rudos" ("Bad guys") wrestling characters.
 Los Hombres del Camuflaje are second generation wrestlers, sons of wrestler Principe Odin, with several of their brothers being professional wrestlers.
 Artillero is a "Luchador enmascarado", or masked professional wrestler while Súper Comando worked as an "enmascarado" until December 25, 2015.
 Artillero's real name is not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans.
 Artillero and Super Comando are the brothers of CMLL low card wrestler Bengala, although it is not openly acknowledged by CMLL.
 The two use a military theme, reflected in their ring gear, mask and trunks which is at least partially camouflage.
Rayo de Jalisco Jr. (Spanish for "Lightning Bolt from Jalisco Jr."; born January 1, 1960) is the ring name of a Mexican Luchador Enmascarado (masked professional wrestler) whose real name has not been revealed, per Lucha Libre traditions.
 Rayo de Jalisco Jr. is the son of Rayo de Jalisco a famous wrestler from the early days of Lucha Libre; he also has a son who wrestles under the name Rayman.
 Rayo Jr. is a former two time CMLL World Heavyweight Champion and the reigning WWA World Heavyweight Champion, a title he has held since March 21, 2003.
 Rayo de Jalisco Jr.'s real name is not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans.
Alfonso Peña (born June 10, 1969) is a Mexican "luchador" , or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Histeria.
 He is currently working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) under the ring name Morphosis.
 Peña is best known for the 14 years he worked for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), until leaving in 2009.
 He is the second person to wrestle as "Histeria", taking over from the previous wrestler who became known as Super Crazy.
 There was later a third Histeria wrestling for AAA.
 Until December 25, 2016 Peña's real name was not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers, but on December 25 he lost a "Lucha de Apuestas" match to Carístico, which forced him to unmask and reveal his real name per "lucha libre" traditions.
John D. Minton Jr. (born 1952 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is the current Chief Justice of the Kentucky Supreme Court.
 Minton was elected to the Supreme Court on July 24, 2006 to fill a vacancy created by Justice William S. Cooper, who retired on June 30, 2006.
 On the retirement of Chief Justice Joseph E. Lambert, Minton was elected by his fellow justices to replace him.
 He was sworn in as Chief Justice on June 27, 2008.
Último Dragoncito (real name unrevealed; born August 8, 1972) is a Tapatío Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler.
 Último Dragoncito is a part of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre's (CMLL) Mini-Estrella, or "Mini", division and is the only wrestler to hold the CMLL World Mini-Estrella Championship two times.
 Último Dragoncito is Spanish for "Little Last Dragon", alluding to the fact that he wrestles as a mini version of Último Dragón.
 Último Dragoncito's real name is not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans.
 He originally worked as Misteriosito from his debut until 1992 when he was given his current ring name.
Stigma is a Mexican "luchador enmascarado", or masked professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying a "tecnico" ("Good guy") wrestling character.
 Stigma's real name is not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans.
 While his real name is not public knowledge it has been confirmed that he is the brother of CMLL wrestler Skándalo, son of former wrestler El Jabato and grandson of Manuel Robles, making him a third generation wrestler.
The Go-Katz are a British psychobilly band formed in Loughborough, Leicestershire in 1986.
 The original members were Howard Raucous (real name Howard Piperides) on vocals, Beaker (real name Giles Brett) on guitar, Andy Young (guitar), Moff (real name Mark Moffat) on Double Bass, and Wolf (real name John Basford) on drums.
 The band members have formerly made up Loughborough bands The Exorcists and The Go-Go Dakotas.
Roberto Rodrgiuez Aguirrre is a Mexican "Luchador", or professional wrestler.
 He works for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) in their "Mini-Estrella" division under the name Bracito de Oro (Spanish for "Little Golden Arm").
 Aguirrre's real name was not a matter of public record until he was unmasked by Pequeño Black Warrior on April 30, 2010.
 This is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans and they are only forced to reveal their real name when unmasked.
 Working in the Mini division does not necessarily mean that Bracito de Oro has dwarfism as several short wrestlers work in the "Mini" division, which is what separates the Mexican "Mini-Estrella" from traditional Midget professional wrestling as practiced in the United States and other places.
 Bracito de Oro is a smaller version of professional wrestler Brazo de Oro.
John William Minton (February 19, 1948 – March 20, 1995) was an American professional wrestler and actor, better known by his ring name, Big John Studd.
 Studd is best known for his appearances with the World Wide Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Federation in the 1970s and 1980s.
Curtis Michael Hennig (March 28, 1958 – February 10, 2003) was an American professional wrestler, manager, and color commentator who performed under his real name for the American Wrestling Association (AWA), the World Wrestling Federation (now WWE), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
 In the WWF, he found his greatest success as Mr. Perfect, a nickname introduced in his second run with the company which gradually became his official ring name.
 Hennig used the same ring name in his third and final run.
 However, his real name was widely acknowledged.
 He is the son of wrestler Larry "The Axe" Hennig, and father of current WWE wrestler Curtis Axel.
