"Beautiful Day" is a song by Irish rock band U2.
 It is the first track from their 2000 album, "All That You Can't Leave Behind", and it was released as the album's lead single.
 It was a commercial success, helping launch the album to multi-platinum status, and is one of U2's biggest hits to date.
"Lemon" is a song by Irish rock band U2, and the fourth track from their 1993 album, "Zooropa".
 It was released as the album's second single in September 1993.
 Inspired by old video footage of Bono's late mother, the lyrics describe an attempt to preserve memory through film.
 More than any previous U2 song, "Lemon" showcases Bono's falsetto skills, aided by atmospheric vocals from the Edge and Brian Eno.
 The song has been described as futuristic German disco.
 The album version is one of U2's longest songs.
U22: A 22 Track Live Collection from U2360° is a live album released by the Irish rock band U2 in May 2012 only available to u2.com subscribers.
 The 22 tracks were voted for by subscribers to U2.com.
From the Ground Up: Edge's Picks from U2360° is a live album released by the Irish rock band U2 in December 2012 only available to u2.com subscribers.
 The 15 tracks, recorded from the U2 360° Tour, were selected by guitarist The Edge.
"An Cat Dubh / Into the Heart" is a song by U2, composed of two tracks, "An Cat Dubh" (English: "The Black Cat" ) and "Into the Heart", from the band's debut album, "Boy".
 The two tracks are played together as one song, both on the album and during live performances.
"Fearless" is the second single from American indie rock band The Bravery's eponymous debut album.
 It was released in the UK on 23 May 2005 and charted at #43.
 The b-side is a cover of the U2 song "An Cat Dubh".
 The music video shows the band playing on a speedboat.
Medium, Rare & Remastered is a compilation album of rarities and remastered tracks by the Irish rock band U2.
 It was released exclusively to subscribing members of U2.com, replacing "" on 22 February 2009.
 The double CD features tracks that were released as part of The Complete U2 digital box set, the bonus discs on the remastered albums to date, and some readily available single B-sides.
Stephen John "Steve" Osborne (born 1963) is a multi-platinum selling British record producer, living in Bath, England.
 He has worked with a wide variety of musicians, including A-ha, New Order, Elbow, U2, Happy Mondays, Placebo, Gregory Porter, Doves, KT Tunstall, Vanessa Carlton etc. (see below for complete list).
 During the 1990s, Osborne was half of the Perfecto Records team, a production and remix collaboration with Paul Oakenfold; the artists they worked with included Happy Mondays and U2.
 He was part of the 1990s dance music act Grace, also with Oakenfold, which existed from 1994 to 1997.
 Osborne most recently has worked with Cat's Eyes on their critically acclaimed album, released in April 2011.
 At the 2012 Soundedit Festival in Poland, Steve Osborne received the prestigious 'The Man With The Golden Ear' Award.
 In 2000 Steve was replaced by Andy Gray who then went on to remix Moby's Natural Blues, U2's Beautiful Day and compose the music for Big Brother UK with Oakenfold under the name Elementfour.
"Electrical Storm" is a song by Irish rock band U2.
 It was released as a single from their second compilation album, "The Best of 1990–2000", and was one of the two new songs recorded for that album (the other one being "The Hands That Built America").
 The music video for the song prominently features drummer Larry Mullen Jr., as well as actress Samantha Morton.
 The song was written by Bono and is about two lovers who are fighting and the tension between them; it relates this to a looming electrical storm.
 U2 did not play the song live until 2 July 2009, when they performed it on the second concert of their U2 360° Tour in Barcelona.
Fragile is the seventh and final album released by British band Dead or Alive in 2000.
 Like their album "Fan the Flame (Part 1)", this album has only seen a release in Japan from Japanese big independent record company Avex Trax, where the band is very popular.
 Containing a total of thirteen tracks, the album contains some new material as well as re-recordings and remixes of past hits.
 Also included is a remake of U2's "Even Better Than the Real Thing", which had previously appeared on a U2 tribute album.
 The album remained an exclusive in this territory until the worldwide release of the Sophisticated Boom Box MMXVI compilation box set in 2016.
