Harry Burton (13 September 1879 – 27 June 1940) was an English Egyptologist and archaeological photographer.
 Born in Stamford, Lincolnshire, England, to journeyman cabinet maker William Burton and Ann Hufton, he is best known for his photographs of excavations in Egypt's Valley of the Kings at the beginning of the 20th century.
 His most famous photographs are the 1400 he took documenting Howard Carter's excavation of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. "
The Times" published 142 of these images on 21 February 1923.
 He remained in Egypt after the tomb's excavations, dying there in 1940.
 He is buried in the American Cemetery in Asyut.
Sir Alan Henderson Gardiner (29 March 1879, in Eltham  – 19 December 1963, in Oxford) was an English Egyptologist, linguist, philologist, and independent scholar.
 He is regarded as one of the premier Egyptologists of the early and mid-20th century.
 Some of his most important publications include a 1959 book on his study of "The Royal Canon of Turin" and his seminal 1961 work "Egypt of the Pharaohs", which covered all aspects of Egyptian chronology and history at the time of publication.
Émile Brugsch (February 24, 1842 in Berlin, Germany – January 14, 1930 in Nice, France) was a German-born Egyptologist whose career spanned the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 He is known as the official who "evacuated" the mummies from the Deir el-Bahri Cache in 1881, and as being assistant curator of the Bulaq Museum - the core element of what is today's Egyptian Museum.
 He was the brother of the Egyptologist Heinrich Karl Brugsch.
Reginald Engelbach (July 9, 1888 – February 26, 1946) was an English Egyptologist and engineer.
 He is mainly known for his works in the Egyptian Museum of Cairo, above all the compilation of a register of artifacts belonging of the museum.
Shoshenq C was the eldest son of the 22nd Dynasty pharaoh Osorkon I and queen Maatkare, the daughter of Psusennes II, and served as the High Priest of Amun at Thebes during his father's reign.
 Consequently, he was the most important official in Upper Egypt after the king himself.
 He has generally been equated with Heqakheperre Shoshenq II by the English Egyptologist Kenneth Kitchen and viewed as a short-lived co-regent to his father based on the Nile God British Museum statue 8 which identifies him as the son of Osorkon I and Queen Maatkare, daughter of Hor-Psusennes but this assumption is unproven.
 In the statue, Shoshenq C is called "the Master of the Two Lands" and the formula "beloved of Amun" is enclosed within a royal cartouche.
 However, in the text of the statue, he is not given a specific throne name or prenomen, the use of a cartouche by a royal prince is attested in other periods of Egyptian history such as that of Amenmes, son of Thutmose I, and the documents depicts Shoshenq C as a simple High Priest of Amun on the side of the legs of the Nile God, rather than a king.
Battiscombe "Jack" George Gunn, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (30 June 1883 – 27 February 1950) was an English Egyptologist and philologist.
 He published his first translation from Egyptian in 1906.
 He translated inscriptions for many important excavations and sites, including Fayum, Saqqara, Amarna, Giza and Luxor (including Tutankhamun).
 He was curator at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo and at the University Museum at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.
 In 1934 he was appointed Professor of Egyptology at the University of Oxford, a chair he held until his death in 1950.
Ernesto Schiaparelli (] ; July 12, 1856 – February 14, 1928) was an Italian Egyptologist, born in Occhieppo Inferiore (Biella), who found Queen Nefertari's tomb in Deir el-Medina in the Valley of the Queens (1904) and excavated the TT8 tomb of the royal architect Kha (1906), found intact and displayed "in toto" in Turin.
 He was appointed director of the Egyptian Museum in Florence, where he professionally reorganized the collection in new quarters in 1880, then at the peak of his career was made director of the Museo Egizio di Torino, which became with him and his many seasons of excavating, the second biggest Egyptian museum in the world.
 He was the author of famous scholarly works and a Senator of the Kingdom of Italy.
 At the same time, he was deeply involved, from his first stay with Franciscan missionaries at Luxor in 1884, with relieving the poverty he saw among the missionaries of Upper Egypt, for whom he founded the Association to Succour Italian Missionaries (ANSMI), which expanded its work to care for Italian emigrants throughout the Near East.
Sir Ernest Alfred Thompson Wallis Budge (27 July 185723 November 1934) was an English Egyptologist, Orientalist, and philologist who worked for the British Museum and published numerous works on the ancient Near East.
 He made numerous trips to Egypt and the Sudan on behalf of the British Museum to buy antiquities, and helped it build its collection of cuneiform tablets, manuscripts, and papyri.
 He published many books on Egyptology, helping to bring the findings to larger audiences.
 In 1920 he was knighted for his service to Egyptology and the British Museum.
The Museum of Egyptian Antiquities, known commonly as the Egyptian Museum or Museum of Cairo, in Cairo, Egypt, is home to an extensive collection of ancient Egyptian antiquities.
 It has 120,000 items, with a representative amount on display, the remainder in storerooms.
 The edifice is one of the largest museums in the region.
 As of July 2017, the museum is open to the public.
New Chronology is an alternative chronology of the ancient Near East developed by English Egyptologist David Rohl and other researchers beginning with "A Test of Time: The Bible - from Myth to History" in 1995.
 It contradicts mainstream Egyptology by proposing a major revision of the established Egyptian chronology, in particular by re-dating Egyptian kings of the Nineteenth through Twenty-fifth Dynasties, bringing forward conventional dating by up to 350 years.
 Rohl asserts that the New Chronology allows him to identify some of the characters in the Hebrew Bible with people whose names appear in archaeological finds.
