William Wallace (Wally) Covington (1947, Oklahoma) is a Regent's Professor of Forest Ecology at Northern Arizona University (NAU), and the Director of the Ecological Restoration Institute at NAU.
 Covington is known for his research and outreach activities on forest health and ecological restoration, drawn from his research since 1970 on the Ponderosa pine, aspen, dry mixed conifer, and pinyon-juniper forests and woodlands of the West, particularly those that surround Flagstaff, Arizona.
 He has been called perhaps the nation's most visible forest scientist, by Science magazine.
Kristine French is an Australian plant biologist who is a Professor at the University of Wollongong, where she has directed the Janet Cosh Herbarium since 1992.
 She is known for researching the ecology of weeds, studying urban ecology and "endangered species and forest ecology."
James A. Estes (born 1945) is an American ecologist and Distinguished Professor at University of California, Santa Cruz (UCSC), known for his studies of sea otters and kelp forest ecology.
 Born in Sacramento, California, he graduated from the University of Minnesota in 1967, earned a Masters in Biology from Washington State University in 1969, and a Ph.D. in biology and statistics from the University of Arizona in 1974.
 He worked for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the U.S. Geological Survey from 1974 to 2007 before joining the UCSC faculty.
 He co-edited the books "The Community Ecology of Sea Otters" (1988), "Whales, Whaling, and Ocean Ecosystems" (2007), and "Trophic Cascades: Predators, Prey, and the Changing Dynamics of Nature" (2010), and is the author of "Serendipity: An Ecologist's Quest to Understand Nature" (2016).
 He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2014.
Chalmers W. "Bump" Elliott (born January 30, 1925) is a former American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator.
 He played halfback at Purdue University (1943–1944) and the University of Michigan (1946–1947).
 Elliott grew up in Bloomington, Illinois, enlisted in the United States Marine Corps as a senior in high school and was assigned to the V-12 Navy College Training Program at Purdue University.
 He received varsity letters in football, baseball, and basketball at Purdue, before being called into active duty in late 1944, serving with the Marines in China.
Alton A. Lindsey (May 7, 1907 – December 19, 1999) was a pioneering ecologist who was largely responsible for the creation of nature preserves in the state of Indiana, where he was a professor of forest ecology at Purdue University from 1947 to 1973.
 His book, “Natural Areas of Indiana and Their Preservation” (published 1970) was used to support the creation of Indiana’s first nature preserve, Pine Hills Nature Preserve, and he was also instrumental in the creation of the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore.
 The Army Corps of Engineers plan to dam Big Walnut Creek in Indiana was also halted due to the efforts of Lindsey and a number of other activists; today there is also a large nature preserve along the Big Walnut.
Kevin Eikenberry is an American author, speaker and trainer.
 He has a B.S. from Purdue University.
 He is the Chief Potential Officer of The Kevin Eikenberry Group and is the current President of the Purdue Agricultural Alumni Association.
 In 2002 He was named an Outstanding Alumnus of Purdue University and in 2004 he was the Distinguished Agricultural Alumni from Purdue University.
Doraiswami Ramkrishna, Harry Creighton Peffer Distinguished Professor of Chemical Engineering at Purdue University since 1994, obtained his B (Chem) Eng.
 Degree from the University Department of Chemical Technology of University of Mumbai in 1960, and his PhD in Chemical Engineering from the University of Minnesota in 1965.
 Following his PhD, he was an Assistant Professor for two years at Minnesota before returning to the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur where he served on the faculty for nearly seven years.
 He returned to the United States in 1974 as a Visiting Associate Professor in 1974, thereafter as a visiting professor at Minnesota in 1975 before joining Purdue University as a Professor of Chemical Engineering in 1976.
Olevi Kull (22 June 1955, Rakvere – 31 January 2007, Tartu) was an Estonian professor at the University of Tartu known for his contribution to ecology.
 Following his death, a memorial fund was established by donations in his memory, which provides travel stipends to students in the fields of plant ecophysiology, forest ecology and ecosystem ecology.
Stephen C. Sillett (born March 19, 1968) is an American botanist specializing in old growth forest canopies.
 As the first scientist to enter the redwood forest canopy, he pioneered new methods for climbing, exploring, and studying tall trees.
 Sillett has climbed many of the world’s tallest trees to study the plant and animal life residing in their crowns and is generally recognized as an authority on tall trees, especially redwoods ("Sequoia sempervirens").
 He is the first Kenneth L. Fisher Chair in Redwood Forest Ecology for the Department of Biological Sciences at Humboldt State University.
 He is featured in Richard Preston's "New York Times" best seller "The Wild Trees", as well as in academic journals, general interest magazines, and nature television programs.
 He lives in Arcata, California, with wife Marie Antoine, a botanist and fellow forest canopy research scientist.
Donatella Danielli is a professor of mathematics at Purdue University and is known for her contributions to partial differential equations, calculus of variations and geometric measure theory, with specific emphasis on free boundary problems.
 She received a Laurea cum Laude in Mathematics from the University of Bologna, Italy in 1989.
 She completed her doctorate in 1999 at Purdue, under the supervision of .
 Before joining the Purdue University faculty in 2001, she held positions at The Johns Hopkins University and at the Institut Mittag-Leffler in Sweden.
 She was also a visiting fellow at the Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical Sciences in 2014.
