In September 1985 while he was studying journalism at the Central University of Quito, Ecuador, Hernando Calvo Ospina was detained and "disappeared".
 It was reported to the Constitutional Court of that country and Amnesty International that he initially spent three days handcuffed and foot cuffed as well as blind-folded.
 During that time he was not permitted to sleep, he was not fed and they scarcely gave him water.
 Through his kidnappers he learnt that he had been captured during a joint operative of the Colombia-Ecuadorian military intelligence.
 He was being accused of belonging to the Colombian guerrilla.
 He was transferred to the SIC (Police Crime Investigation Service) in the boot of a car, still hand and foot cuffed and blindfolded.
 He was brutally tortured, beaten and given electric shocks for five days.
 He was fed some bread and left-overs from the Officers Social Club canteen.
 After they established he had no relation with any subversive organization, on 4 October he was sent to prison, where he spent around three months without trial.
 Facing a massive international pressure, the government had to release him even though they put him on a plane to fly directly to Lima, Peru, on 28 December 1985, where he lived for 2 months, under the protection of the United Nations High Commission for Refugees.
 The government of Alan García considered him "persona non grata" and demanded him to leave the country.
 He arrived in Paris under the protection of the French government on 15 March 1985.
Erkki Johan Bäckman (born 18 May 1971) is a Finnish political activist, author and legal sociologist.
 In Russia he is also considered a human rights activist.
 He has been active in relation to Russian citizens' child custody rights abroad, and is frequently interviewed in the Russian media as a child custody expert.
 Bäckman has controversial views on Estonia, Latvia and Ukraine, and has been declared persona non grata and denied entry into Estonia, and has been expelled from Moldova.
In diplomacy, a persona non grata (Latin: "person not appreciated", plural: "personae non gratae") is a foreign person whose entering or remaining in a particular country is prohibited by that country's government.
 Being so named is the most serious form of censure which a country can apply to foreign diplomats, who are otherwise protected by diplomatic immunity from arrest and other normal kinds of prosecution.
Anton Salonen (Russian: Антон Салонен , born 3 October 2003) is a child with Russian-Finnish dual citizenship involved in an international child custody dispute between his parents.
 The Finnish-born child was first abducted by his Estonian Russian mother in 2008 and taken to Russia.
 In turn the boy was abducted by his father in 2009 and smuggled back to Finland with the help of Finnish diplomats stationed at the Finnish consulate in Saint Petersburg.
 The incident has sparked a diplomatic row between Finland and Russia.
 The Finnish diplomat who helped to abduct the child was dismissed from the Finnish Consulate and Russia has declared him persona non grata.
This is a list of people declared "persona non grata". "
Persona non grata" (Latin, plural: "personae non gratae"), literally meaning "an unwelcome person", is a legal term used in diplomacy that indicates a proscription against a foreign person entering or remaining in the country.
 It is the most serious form of censure that one country can apply to foreign diplomats, who are otherwise protected by diplomatic immunity from arrest and other normal kinds of prosecution.
Herbert John Spiro (September 7, 1924 – April 6, 2010) was an American political scientist and diplomat.
 Born in Hamburg, Germany, where he attended the Wilhelm-Gymnasium, he and his family emigrated to the United States in 1938, fleeing Nazi persecution.
 He served with the United States Army in World War II, and afterwards received bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees from Harvard University.
 The author of thirteen books on politics and government, he taught at Amherst College and the University of Pennsylvania.
 During the Ford administration, he served as United States Ambassador to Cameroon and to Equatorial Guinea, though the latter country declared him "persona non grata".
 He later returned to academia as a professor at the Free University of Berlin.
 In the early 1990s, he ran for state and then national office as a Republican from Texas, but was not elected.
Gabriel Léon M'ba (UMM-bah) (9 February 1902 – 28 November 1967) was the first Prime Minister (1959–1961) and President (1961–1967) of Gabon.
 A member of the Fang ethnic group, M'ba was born into a relatively privileged village family.
 After studying at a seminary, he held a number of small jobs before entering the colonial administration as a customs agent.
 His political activism in favor of black people worried the French administration, and as a punishment for his activities, he was issued a prison sentence after committing a minor crime that normally would have resulted in a small fine.
 In 1924, the administration gave M'ba a second chance and selected him to head the canton in Estuaire Province.
 After being accused of complicity in the murder of a woman near Libreville, he was sentenced in 1931 to three years in prison and 10 years in exile.
 While in exile in Oubangui-Chari, he published works documenting the tribal customary law of the Fang people.
 He was employed by local administrators, and received praise from his superiors for his work.
 He remained a "persona non grata" to Gabon until the French colonial administration finally allowed M'ba to return his native country in 1946.
Persona Non Grata is a 2003 documentary film directed by Oliver Stone for the HBO series "America Undercover" about the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
 It includes interviews with Israeli Prime Ministers Ehud Barak and Benjamin Netanyahu, Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, and various Palestinian activists.
Fergus Cochrane-Dyet {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 16 January 1965) is a British diplomat who is High Commissioner to Zambia.
 In 2011, while serving as High Commissioner to Malawi, he was declared "persona non grata" and expelled from the country because of controversial comments he made in a leaked diplomatic cable.
Aleksandr Reshideovich Dyukov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Решиде́ович Дю́ков ), (born October 17, 1978) is a Russian historian, writer, journalist and blogger.
 Dyukov is considered by critics to be a historical negationist downplaying Soviet repressions.
 He is persona non grata in Latvia, Lithuania and other Schengen memberstates.
