"Lover to Lover" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine.
 The song was released on 30 November 2012, as a digital download on iTunes as the fifth and final single from their second studio album "Ceremonials" (2011).
 The song was written by Florence Welch and Francis "Eg" White and produced by Paul Epworth.
 The Ceremonials Tour version of "Lover to Lover" is an edited version of the original with further production by Chris Hayden.
 The song became the band's first single to miss the top 200 in the UK Singles Chart.
"Never Let Me Go" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their second studio album, "Ceremonials" (2011).
 The song was written by Florence Welch and Paul Epworth while production was handled by Epworth.
 Island Records released the song as the third single from the album on 30 March 2012.
 The band first premiered the song during one of their concerts before the release of the album on 15 October 2011.
 A Clams Casino remix of the song was placed on the 12" white vinyl single which was available for pre-order on 22 March 2012.
"Shake It Out" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine, released as the first official single from their second studio album, "Ceremonials" (2011).
 It was written by Florence Welch and Paul Epworth, while production was handled by Epworth.
 The song was digitally released in Australia on 14 September 2011, and it was available in the United States on 19 October.
 It had its radio debut on XFM on 14 September 2011 in the United Kingdom.
 Welch revealed that the song was written within an hour and according to her it talked about shaking the regrets and the things that were haunting her.
The Ceremonials Tour was the second concert tour by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine.
 The tour included performances at Music festivals because it is lead singer Florence Welch's favourite way to perform live.
 Welch had originally planned to spend over one year touring for "Ceremonials" (their previous tour lasted almost three and a half years) before announcing that the December 2012 dates would be the final performances of the tour.
 On 25 February 2013 it was announced that Florence and the Machine would be playing at the Coke Live Music Festival in Poland on 10 August 2013, and on 26 March 2013 it was announced that the band would be playing at Chime for Change's "The Sound of Change Live" concert at London's Twickenham Stadium alongside Beyoncé, Ellie Goulding and Haim, amongst others.
"What Kind of Man" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their third studio album, "How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful" (2015).
 It was written by Florence Welch, Kid Harpoon and John Hill, produced by Markus Dravs and co-produced by Hill.
 The song was released on 12 February 2015 as the album's lead single.
 "What Kind of Man" received Grammy Award nominations for Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Song.
Lungs is the debut studio album by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine, released on 3 July 2009 on Island Records.
 Frontwoman Florence Welch experimented with and honed the album's sound with bandmate Isabella Summers, while also collaborating with five record producers including James Ford, Paul Epworth, Steve Mackey.
 The music on "Lungs" established Florence and the Machine as an internationally successful rock act, and also featured the group's successful mix of string arrangements centered around Welch's vocal prowess.
"Wish That You Were Here" is a song by the English indie rock band Florence and the Machine, written by Florence Welch, Andrew Wyatt, and Emilie Haynie, and was released on Island Records on 26 August 2016.
 The song was made available via digital download, and is featured on the soundtrack of the film "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" which was directed by Tim Burton.
 Welch — a long-time fan of Burton's work — had expressed interest in collaborating with him long before the recording of "Wish That You Were Here" as they shared similar artistic themes.
 Upon release, the composition was positively received by music critics and reached number 128 on the UK Singles Chart.
"Spectrum" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their second studio album "Ceremonials" (2011).
 It was written by lead singer Florence Welch and Paul Epworth with production being handled by Epworth.
 The band premiered the song during a concert at Brooklyn's Creators Project on 15 October 2011, prior to the release of the album.
 The album version of "Spectrum" is a downtempo orchestral pop, R&B, krautrock and disco song.
 The accompanying music video for the song premiered on 30 May 2012.
 It was directed by David LaChapelle and John Byrne.
No Light, No Light is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their second studio album, "Ceremonials" (2011).
 The song was written by band members Florence Welch and Isabella Summers while the production was handled by Paul Epworth.
 Island Records released the song as the second single from the album on 16 January 2012.
 The song was the first one written for the album in the band's tour bus in Amsterdam.
 Lyrically, in the song, Welch is expressing frustration about the state of her fragile relationship and she further tries to keep it together.
 "No Light, No Light" received positive reviews by music critics who generally praised Welch's vocals and the drum-led instrumentation.
 It was also placed on several critics' year-end lists of best singles.
 The song peaked at number fifty on the UK Singles Chart, the Irish Singles Chart and number thirty nine on the US "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.
"What the Water Gave Me" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their second studio album "Ceremonials" (2011).
 The song was written by lead singer Florence Welch and Francis "Eg" White, and produced by Paul Epworth.
 It was released on 23 August 2011 as the first promotional single from "Ceremonials".
 After the band performed the song in Berkeley, California on 12 June 2011, the studio version premiered on Florence and the Machine's official website.
 Welch decided to name the song "What the Water Gave Me" after seeing a Frida Kahlo painting of the same name.
 During an interview, she confirmed that the song was inspired by English writer Virginia Woolf.
