John "Chicka" Ferguson (born 15 July 1954), an Indigenous Australian, is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s.
 An Australian international and New South Wales State of Origin representative winger, in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership for the Newtown Jets, Eastern Suburbs Roosters and finally the Canberra Raiders, with whom he won the 1989 and 1990 NSWRL premierships.
 A prolific try-scorer, who topped the NSWRL's scoring list in 1988, Ferguson also played in England with Wigan, helping them to victory in the 1985 Challenge Cup Final.
 He has since been named in Australia's indigenous team of the century (1908–2008).
The Lake Placid Roamers were an independent, intermediate senior level ice hockey team from Lake Placid, New York.
 The Roamers were a farm team of the New York Rangers, and produced future National Hockey League goaltender Gilles Mayer.
 The Roamers participated in the first games at the opening of the Olympic Center in Lake Placid, playing two exhibition games versus the Crescent Athletic Club.
 The Roamers defeated Spokane, Washington's Eagle Electric team in a two-game total goal series played at Lake Placid for the 1967–68 national senior ice hockey title, by scores of 13–7 and 8–3.
The England women's national under-23 football team, also known as England women Under-23s or England women U23(s), is a youth association football team operated under the auspices of The Football Association.
 Its primary role is the development of players in preparation for the senior England women's national football team.
 As long as they are eligible, players can play for England at any level, making it possible to play for the U23s, senior side, and again for the U23s, as Natasha Dowie, Rachel Williams and Danielle Buet have done recently.
 In 2005 Casey Stoney played for the team in the Nordic Cup, despite already having 30 caps at senior level.
 It is also possible to play for one country at youth level and another at senior level (providing the player is eligible).
 Helen Lander and Kylie Davies decided to play for Wales at senior level after playing for England U23s, while Sophie Perry elected to play for Ireland.
Adam Roy Goodes (born 8 January 1980) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans team in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 Goodes holds an elite place in VFL/AFL history as a dual Brownlow Medallist, dual premiership player, four-time All-Australian, member of the Indigenous Team of the Century and representative of Australia in the International Rules Series.
 In addition, he holds the record for the most VFL/AFL games played by an Indigenous player, surpassing Andrew McLeod's record of 340 during the 2014 AFL season and retiring the following year with a career total of 372.
Stacey Porter (born 29 March 1982) is an Australian professional indigenous softball first/third baseman.
 She represents New South Wales in Australian national competitions, where she has won several national championships on the junior and senior team.
 She played university softball for the University of Hawaii from 2001 to 2003 where she set several records and was named to the All-American team.
 She plays professional softball in Japan.
 She represented Australia at the junior level and continues to represent Australia at the senior level and is current Australian Captain.
 Stacey competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics where she won a silver medal and the 2008 Summer Olympics where she won a bronze medal and has competed in multiple world softball championships.
The Indigenous Team of the Century (Australian rules football) was selected to recognise the role of Indigenous Australians in the sport.
 It was announced in 2005 to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the first senior level game played by an indigenous player in the Victorian/Australian Football League, Fitzroy's Joe Johnson.
 The panel's final selection from a short-list of 35 consisted of 24 players, 19 of whom have represented clubs competing in the Victorian/Australian Football League, whilst the remaining five were picked for their record in either the South Australian National Football League or the West Australian Football League.
 Graham Farmer was named as the team's captain and Barry Cable was selected as the team's coach.
 Eight of the players were still active in the AFL at the time of being selected.
The Southern Sundevils were an American football team who competed in the Southern Conference of British American Football League (BAFL) Division One (the second tier of national competition).
 They played their home games at the ROKO Leisure Centre in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England.
 Russ Hewitt was the current general manager and head coach.
 Russ had been with the team since its inception as a player on the youth team and has progressed through the Senior level and since retiring from player was involved in the management and coaching side of the organisation.
 Many former Sundevil members have coached or played for national sides, with some going on to trial and play for professional or semi-professional teams.
Eddie Ockenden is an Australian field hockey player.
 He plays in the midfielder and striker positions.
 He turned professional in 2008 and has played for teams in the Netherlands.
 He plays club hockey, having competed for a New Zealand team and Hobart, Tasmania side, North West Hobart Graduates (NWG).
 He also plays for the Tassie Tigers in the Australian Hockey League.
 He has represented Australia on the junior and senior level, earning a silver medal with the 2005 U21 team at the Junior World Cup.
 As a member of the senior men's team, he represented Australia at the 2008 Games where he earned a bronze medal.
 He won a gold medal at the 2009 and 2011 Champions Trophy competitions.
 He won another gold medal with Australia at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
 At the 2010 World Cup, he won a gold medal.
 He represents the Uttar Pradesh Wizards in the Hockey India League.
 At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was again part of an Australian team that won the bronze medal.
Shane Dalton is a member of St Vincents GAA Club in Marino Dublin.
 He originally started his playing career with St Monicas, Edenmore and joined St Vincents at the age of 16.
 He was a senior dual player for both his club St Vincents and his county Dublin.
 He played minor, Under 21 and senior in hurling and gaelic football for Dublin.
 He was mainly a forward but has also played at midfield.
 He is one of the last club players in Dublin to achieve honours at championship level in both codes (Hurling and Gaelic Football) at Minor, Under 21 and Senior level.
 He is one of the few players that has won adult championships in four decades starting from the 80s, right through to 2010 winning a junior hurling championship.
 At Inter-County level he started his playing career in 1978 with Dublin Under 13 hurling team and finished playing with the Dublin Masters Gaelic Football team in 2009.
 In that game in 1978 in an Inter City Schools game when Dublin Under 13s played Cork at Croke Park there were some notable personalities who played on both teams that day.
 In the hurling game you had former soccer World Cup heroes in Niall Quinn at number 14 and Denis Irwin for Cork in at number 5.
 Jim Stynes the Australian Rules footballer and Brian Mooney professional footballer with Liverpool playing in the football decider.
 He played with the Dublin Senior hurlers making his debut against Tipperary in October 1983 with his last game against Westmeath in 1999, winning two Division 2 National League hurling medals in 1989 and 1997 and losing a Leinster final against Offaly in 1990.
 He played with the Dublin Senior footballers for two years being a sub against Meath in 1991 in one of the most iconic games ever in the GAA.
 It was the biggest attendance ever for a Championship game that took four games to decide who would advance to the next round in the Leinster Championship.
Humam Tariq Faraj Naoush (Arabic: همام طارق فرج نعوش‎ ‎ ; born 10 February 1996 in Baghdad, Iraq), known as Humam Tariq, is a professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya, the Iraqi national team, and the Iraqi Under-23 team.
 Tariq has long been considered one of Iraq's most talented footballers and, despite him only being 21, it seems like he has been around for ages.
 He has been nicknamed the "Iraqi Messi".
 He has represented Iraq at Under-19, Under-20, Under-22, Under-23 and full international level, making his debut for the national team at the age of 16, making him the youngest Iraqi in history to represent the senior team.
 Humam represented Iraq at the Rio Olympics in 2016, playing in all 3 of Iraq's matches against Denmark, Brazil and South Africa.
 Tariq has also played at the 2013 FIFA Under-20 World Cup , where he was one of Iraq's star players as the underdogs went on a run to the semi-final.
 At senior level, he has played at the 2014 Gulf Cup of Nations and the 2015 AFC Asian Cup, where they beat the odds and reached the semi-final.
