Duncan Fallowell is an English novelist, travel writer, journalist and critic (see also entries in Oxford Companion to English Literature, 7th edition; and current Who's Who).
Walter Frederick Morris (31 May 1892–1975) was an English novelist, best known for his mystery novel, "" (1929), set in World War I.
 Critic A.C. Ward praised this as "an adventure-mystery war-novel with an admirably ingenious and leak-proof plot.
 This book combines a brilliant exercise of creative imagination with a remarkable ability to reproduce, vividly, first-hand experiences, and there is one brief battle-scene…which is memorable.”
 ("The Nineteen-Twenties, Literature and Ideas in the Post-War Decade", 1930, pp 163–4).
 Spy novelist Eric Ambler named the book as one of his top five spy stories (in the Afterword to the 1952 edition of his "Epitaph for a Spy").
Sir Kingsley William Amis, CBE (16 April 1922 – 22 October 1995) was an English novelist, poet, critic, and teacher.
 He wrote more than 20 novels, six volumes of poetry, a memoir, various short stories, radio and television scripts, along with works of social and literary criticism.
 According to his biographer, Zachary Leader, Amis was "the finest English comic novelist of the second half of the twentieth century."
 He is the father of British novelist Martin Amis.
Taihei Imamura (今村 太平 , Imamura Taihei , 21 August 1911 - 26 February 1986) was a Japanese film critic and film theorist.
 Born in Saitama Prefecture, he attended the Kobe University of Commerce (the precursor to Kobe University) but left before graduating.
 In 1935 he helped found the film dojinshi "Eiga shūdan" (Film Collective).
 Writing from a left-wing perspective, he was a strong advocate of the realistic aspects of cinema and thus a champion of documentary film.
 He was also the first in Japan to pursue an extensive study of animated film.
 After World War II, he became the publisher of the journals "Eiga bunka" (Film Culture) and "Eizō bunka" (Image Culture).
 In his later years, he penned a study of the novelist Naoya Shiga.
 He published over 27 books during his career.
 Underlining how Imamura was a unique figure in the history of Japanese film theory, Heiichi Sugiyama subtitled his autobiography of Imamura, "A solitary and original critic of the image".
Vanessa Walters, (born 1978, in London, United Kingdom) is an English novelist and playwright.
 She is also a commentator and critic.
 She is best known as the teenage novelist discovered to be writing a novel as a hobby to share with her school friends.
 Educated at Queen's College, London, when discovered by teachers, the journal was passed over to an agent who quickly had her signed to a publishing company with a five-figure book deal even before she'd left.
Anthony Horowitz, OBE (born 5 April 1955) is an English novelist and screenwriter specialising in mystery and suspense.
 His work for young adult readers includes "The Diamond Brothers" series, the "Alex Rider" series, and "The Power of Five" series (a.k.a. "The Gatekeepers").
 His work for adults includes the play "Mindgame" (2001), the two Sherlock Holmes novels "The House of Silk" (2011) and "Moriarty" (2014), "Magpie Murders" (2016) and "The Word is Murder" (2017).
 He is also the most recent author chosen to write a James Bond novel by the Ian Fleming estate, titled "Trigger Mortis" (2015).
Ellen Buckingham Mathews (1853–1920) was a popular female English novelist during the late 19th and early 20th century.
 She was also known as Mrs Reeves after her marriage to Dr. Henry Reeves but was best known under her pen name, Helen Mathers.
 She was born in Misterton, Somerset.
 Her first novel, "Comin' thro' the Rye" was published in 1875.
 It was partly based on people in her life and on her own early romantic experiences.
 She also acknowledged Rhoda Broughton as an early influence.
 She continued to write until her death.
Captain Richard Martin Woodman LVO (born 1944) is an English novelist and naval historian who retired in 1997 from a 37-year nautical career, mainly working for Trinity House, to write full-time.
Ford Madox Ford (born Ford Hermann Hueffer ( ); 17 December 1873 – 26 June 1939) was an English novelist, poet, critic and editor whose journals, "The English Review" and "The Transatlantic Review", were instrumental in the development of early 20th-century English literature.
Catherine Anne Hubback (1818 – 25 February 1877) was an English novelist, and the eighth child and fourth daughter of Sir Francis Austen (1774-1865), and niece of English novelist Jane Austen.
