The Symphony No. 3 in B minor ""Ilya Muromets"", Op.
 42, is a large symphonic work by Russian composer Reinhold Glière.
 A program symphony, it depicts the life of Kievan Rus' folk hero Ilya Muromets.
 It was written from 1908 to 1911 and dedicated to Alexander Glazunov.
 The premier took place in Moscow on 23 March 1912 under Emil Cooper, and in 1914 the piece earned Glière his third Glinka Award (having already received it in 1905 and 1912).
The Belyayev circle (Russian: Беляевский кружок ) was a society of Russian musicians who met in Saint Petersburg, Russia between 1885 and 1908, and whose members included Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Alexander Glazunov, Vladimir Stasov, Anatoly Lyadov, Alexander Ossovsky, Witold Maliszewski, Nikolai Tcherepnin, Nikolay Sokolov, Alexander Winkler among others.
 The circle was named after Mitrofan Belyayev, a timber merchant and amateur musician who became a music philanthropist and publisher after hearing the music of the teenage Glazunov.
The idea for the Russian Symphony Concerts was Rimsky-Korsakov's.
 He had become acquainted with Belyayev at the weekly "quartet Fridays" ("Les Vendredis") held at Belayev's home.
 Belayev had already taken a keen interest in the musical future of the teenage Alexander Glazunov, who had been one of Rimsky-Korsakov's composition students.
 In 1884, Belayev rented out a hall and hired an orchestra to play Glazunov's First Symphony plus an orchestral suite Glazunov had just composed.
 Glazunov was to conduct part of this concert.
 Seeing he was not ready to do this, Rimsky-Korsakov volunteered to take his place.
 This "rehearsal," as Rimsky-Korsakov called it, went well and pleased both Belayev and the invited audience.
 Buoyed by the success of the rehearsal, Belayev decided the following season to give a public concert of works by Glazunov and other composers.
 Rimsky-Korsakov's piano concerto was played, along with Glazunov's symphonic poem "Stenka Razin".
Alexander Glazunov composed his Piano Concerto No. 1 in F minor, Opus, 92, in 1911, during his tenure as director of the St. Petersburg Conservatory.
 The concerto is dedicated to Leopold Godowsky, whom Glazunov had heard on tour in St. Petersburg in 1905.
The Symphony No. 4 in E flat major, Op.
 48, was written by Alexander Glazunov in 1893.
 The symphony was a departure from Glazunov's three earlier symphonies, which were based on nationalistic Russian tunes and, according to the composer, allowed him to give "personal, free, and subjective impressions of myself."
Wilson Sawyer (1917–1979) was an American composer, arranger and musician.
 Born in Traverse City, Michigan, he showed musical talent at an early age and studied music at the University of Michigan.
 Sawyer conducted the University's Women's Glee Club and led the Bill Sawyer Orchestra, a big band that was featured on WMAQ's "Fitch Summer Bandwagon" on July 7, 1940.
 He composed several arrangements of choral works; popular songs for Perry Como, Fred Waring and Ray Eberle; music for the "Alaskan Stampede," a Leo Seltzer produced "musical extravaganza on ice" c. 1944, and an opera based on Mark Twain's Tom Sawyer.
 He is best known for composing Symphony No. 1, known as the Alaskan Symphony, at Gypsy Trail, Carmel, New York in 1945.
 The work includes text from the "Spell of the Yukon" by Robert W. Service sung by a baritone soloist in the third movement, as well as other thematic inspirations drawn from his study of the climate, topography and history of the then-territory.
 The Alaskan Symphony was first performed in December 1945 by the American Symphony Orchestra and was broadcast across the United States and to overseas armed services at that time.
 Wilson Sawyer conducted the piece and Gov. Ernest Gruening of Alaska was guest speaker on the program.
 At Gruening's request, the original score was placed in the Alaskan Museum of Natural History [Alaska Historical Library and Museum] in Juneau, Alaska.
 In 1960, Sawyer's wife Maxine was diagnosed with spinal cancer and they moved to Pawling, New York where he operated a chicken farm and laundromat.
 He continued to compose.
 The Alaskan Symphony was performed by the Hudson Valley Philharmonic in 1975 with Sawyer again conducting even though he had recently suffered a stroke.
 Sawyer revised the Symphony in 1977, making substantial cuts to the fourth movement among other edits.
 The revised Alaskan Symphony was premiered by the Juneau Symphony on June 14, 2008, conducted by music director Kyle Wiley Pickett.
Alexander Glazunov's Symphony No. 9 in D minor was begun in 1910, but was still unfinished by the time of his death in 1936.
 Gavril Yudin orchestrated the first movement piano sketch.
 The symphony takes about ten minutes to perform in its entirety.
The Symphony No. 5 in B-flat major, Op. 55 (also known as The Heroic ), was written by Alexander Glazunov from April to October 1895.
 Although in this symphony Glazunov returned to his conventional four-movement layout (his Fourth Symphony had only three) he frequently utilizes thematic transformation.
 Glazunov described it as "silenced sounds" and "an architectural poem".
Alexander Glazunov composed his Symphony No. 3 in D major, Op.
 33, in 1890, and it was published by 1892 by the Leipzig firm owned by Mitrofan Belyayev.
 The symphony is dedicated to Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and was first performed in St. Petersburg in December 1890 under the baton of Anatoly Lyadov.
 The symphony is considered a transitional work, with Glazunov largely eschewing the influences of Balakirev, Borodin, and Rimsky-Korsakov inherent in his earlier symphonies for the newer influences of Tchaikovsky and Wagner.
 Because of this change, the Third has been called the "anti-kuchkist" symphony in Glazunov's output ("kuchkist" from "kuchka", the shortened Russian name for the nationalist music group The Five).
 He would tone down these new influences in his subsequent symphonies as he strove for an eclectic mature style.
 The Third also shows a greater depth of expression, most evident in the chromatic turns of its third movement, reminiscent of Wagner's opera "Tristan und Isolde".
The Symphony No. 2 in F-sharp minor, Op.
 16, was composed by Alexander Glazunov in 1884–1886, and was published in 1889.
 It is dedicated to the memory of Franz Liszt.
