The Strap-Ons are a punk rock band formed by vocalist Brian "Idle" Diederich, guitarist Billy England, bassist Emmit Joe George and drummer Ruben Remulla.
 A few months later, guitarist Kate Grottenhaler joined the group.
 The band formed in late 1996 originally as The Pimps in Norfolk, Virginia, but due to legal disputes, were forced to change their name to The Strap-Ons.
 The band's first CD was put out by a cooperative of six labels around the world called The World Label Cooperative.
Time-Lapse Consortium is an American band formed in 2003.
 Their sound is described as Psychedelic, Jazz, and Funk.
 The group consists of current Incubus members Mike Einziger on Guitar, Jose Pasillas on drums, Ben Kenney on Bass (although he was not a member of Incubus at the time of joining Time Lapse Consortium), Neal Evans of Soulive on Organ, and Suzie Katayama contributing on string arrangements.
Giants of Science is a band formed in Brisbane in Queensland.
 They refer to their music as "nerd-core" and have been influenced by Split Enz Swervedriver, Sparklehorse, Superchunk, Brisbane underground rock legends the KT26ers, and Sonic's Rendezvous Band.
 They have supported MC5, Rollins Band, A Perfect Circle, and Mudhoney and have toured in Canada.
 Their album "Here Is The Punishment" debuted at #4 on the national AIR independent albums chart.
Issues is an American nu metalcore band formed in Atlanta, Georgia signed to Rise Records.
 The band currently consists of clean vocalist Tyler Carter, unclean vocalist Michael Bohn, bassist Skyler Acord, guitarist AJ Rebollo, and drummer Josh Manuel.
 Following Carter's and Bohn's departure from their former band Woe, Is Me, they formed the band and recorded their debut EP, "Black Diamonds", which was released on November 13, 2012 by Greg Long.
 After touring with bands such as Of Mice & Men, Beartooth, and Sleeping With Sirens, the band released the single "Hooligans" and began recording their self-titled debut album throughout 2013.
 In 2014, the band released their album "Issues" on February 18, 2014, and peaking at number 9 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling 22,000 copies within its first week.
Swervedriver are an English alternative rock band formed in Oxford in 1989 around core members Adam Franklin and Jimmy Hartridge.
 Between 1989 and 1998, the band released four studio albums and numerous EPs and singles despite a considerable flux of members, managers, and record labels.
 By 1993 the band’s lineup had settled with Franklin on vocals/guitar, Hartridge on guitar, Jez Hindmarsh on drums, and Steve George on bass.
 They had emerged with a heavier rock sound than their shoegaze contemporaries, and over the next five years it evolved to include elements of psychedelia, classic pop, and indie rock.
 In 2008, the band reunited for touring purposes.
 They released their first new single in fifteen years in September 2013, and their first full-length album in seventeen years in March 2015.
The Vermin is a punk rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The band formed in 1984 (1986 in some sources)as Vermin From Venus by singer and guitarist Dirk Vermin, and was noted for releasing one of the first independent punk rock albums in Las Vegas, "Sex on Planet X".
 In 1994, Vermin and bassist Rob Ruckus formed a punk cover band called Godboy, and in 1995 the bands merged, adopting the name The Vermin.
 The band recorded their first album under their new name, "Hell or Las Vegas", in 1996 with drummer Anthony Hudak, but Hudak left the band soon after and was immediately replaced with current drummer Gerry "Turbo" Proctor.
 The band was featured in the low-budget horror film "Trans-American Killer" in 2005.
 Singer Dirk Vermin opened Pussykat Tattoo in 1999; the shop, Vermin, and bassist Ruckus are currently featured in the A&E program "Bad Ink".
Cruelty's Heart is a Danish/English Pagan Black Metal band formed in 2009.
 The band was formed by Bloodletter, Jens Forsberg-Olesen, Mikael Dupont, and Mads Holm Jensen.
 They are signed to the record company UKEM Records.
 The band's lyrical themes are heavily influenced by English Germanic Tales, and Anglo-Saxon culture/history.
 Their first demo, "Die for Woden" was released in 2011.
 In 2012, the band released their first Full-Length album titled "Rex Anglorvm Saxonvm", mainly containing lyrics on Germanic history and Saxon culture of England.
 In 2014, Cruelty's Heart did a split with the English Black Metal band, Frostwork.
The Zombie Kids is a band formed by Edgar Candel Kerri and Cumhur Jay, two disc jockeys and record producers who live in Spain.
 The newly formed band became popular with their debut in Rock in Rio (Lisbon 2010) and the release of their first single "Face" (2010), which was a great success.
 The song was chosen to be part of the O.S.T of the movie "Tengo ganas de ti" and the Mexican brewery advertisement of "Cerveza Indio".
 Its good acceptance made the record label Universal Music sign an agreement with the band to record its first album, "The Zombie Kids", which went on sale 27 July 2012.
 That same year, the band was awarded with the Best Spanish Artist of the "MTV European Music Awards".
 During the summer of 2013 The Zombie Kids was the musical band which had performed the most in public.
 They have also launched their first project "TZK Radio" with monthly sessions with which they have made public their new song "My House is Your House" feat.
 MC Ambush.
Kilburn and the High Roads were a British pub rock band formed by Ian Dury in 1970, and the first band formed by Dury.
 The band released one studio album in 1975 before disbanding the same year.
 Allmusic credits the band with being "an undeniable influence on punk and new wave".
Acrassicauda is an American-based Iraqi heavy metal band formed in 2001.
 It is often credited as being the first heavy metal group to emerge from Iraq.
 The original band consisted of three Arab members and one Assyrian (Tony Aziz Yaqoo).
 The band formed and played concerts under the regime of Saddam Hussein.
 It became well known outside of the local Iraqi metal scene after Vice magazine did a profile of the band.
 It received even greater coverage when it was profiled in a feature-length documentary about the band and its troubles in Iraq called "Heavy Metal in Baghdad".
 The band's first album was released on March 9, 2010.
