Quogue was a station stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road and the station was built around June, 1875.
 During construction the station was moved by the village "on a Sunday morning" from its original and current location to a location on Old Depot Road.
 The second depot was built around 1882 and later was moved to a private location around 1905.
 The third depot was built around 1905 and at some point was elevated for the bridge over the former New York State Route 113.
 The station house was razed around April, 1964 but the station stop itself continued to operate until March 16, 1998.
 This station, along with nine others around that time were closed due to low ridership, which did not make it very cost-effective to build high-level platforms to support the new C3 railcars the LIRR was procuring at the time.
Brookhaven was a station stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
 It first opened around 1884 by the Brooklyn and Montauk Railroad and discontinued as a station stop on October 6, 1958.
 The station was located at Bridge Street and Old Stump Road (former SCR 21), and continued to show up on road maps as recently as the 1980s.
 The former freight house has been moved to various private locations since 1958, and modified by each owner.
Maspeth was a station stop along the Lower Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
 The station was opened in February 1895 at 58th Avenue and Rust Street.
 The station closed in October 1903.
 It was reopened and closed again afterwards, dates between these years is unconfirmed, around 1924 the building was removed and around 1925 the station stop itself was discontinued.
 Currently the area is the site of freight activity by the New York and Atlantic Railway.
Westbridge was a railroad station located on the Main Line of the Long Island Rail Road.
 It was located on the main line south of Jamaica Avenue.
 The station opened as a pair of sheltered sheds on June 28, 1916 and a ticket office at street level.
 The station's original name was High Bridge.
 Westbridge was out of service on January 1, 1939 and was discontinued as a station stop.
 However, Westbridge last appeared in an employee timetable on September 18, 1938.
 In 1916 there was a complaint by the Westbridge Civic Association to have one train in each direction to stop at Westbridge as they do at Forest Hills and Kew Gardens.There are still remnants of this station; at the south end crossing of Jamaica Avenue you can see where the platforms used to be, the concrete footstones are still there and can be seen along the westbound side.
 Westbridge used to operate as a freight station after its closing.
 There is currently some old wood which lays alongside the outer edge of the roadbed which is most likely from the Wooden shelter that used to be on the platform.
 Some current maps and atlases still have Westbridge listed as a freight only station to this day; quite to the contrary that freight is no longer used here.
 While this station was open, one could see BMT trains on the BMT Jamaica Line overhead from the main line tracks when the trains ran to 168th Street.
Ringling is a small unincorporated community in southern Meagher County, Montana, United States, along the route of U.S. Route 89.
 The town was a station stop on the transcontinental main line of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad ("the Milwaukee Road"); it was also the southern terminus of the White Sulphur Springs and Yellowstone Park Railway, which ran from Ringling to White Sulphur Springs.
 Ringling served as a community center for ranchers and homesteaders in the vicinity, but the town's population declined throughout most of the twentieth century as the region's agricultural activity dwindled.
 Both railroad lines through Ringling were abandoned in 1980, and only a handful of people remain in the town today.
Western Avenue is the name of a railroad station owned by Metra, located in the West Town community area of Chicago, Illinois near Western Avenue.
 The station is 2.9 mi away from Union Station, the inbound terminus of the line.
 Western Avenue station serves the Milwaukee District/West, North Central Service and Milwaukee District/North lines, and is the last inbound stop for these three lines before the terminus at Union Station.
 Although it is not a station stop, Amtrak trains also pass through here.
 The station was previously used by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad.
 Located near the station are the California Coach Yard, and the Western Avenue Rail Yard.
 The two nearby rail yards are host to Metra's final EMD F40Cs. Just southeast of the station platforms is a diamond where the Milwaukee Road Metra routes cross the tracks of the Union Pacific/West Line to Ogilvie Transportation Center, then turn to run parallel to them.
 This goes on for about a mile before they split, as the West Line tracks continue to Ogilvie.
 The junction is controlled by the nearby A-2 tower.
Cutchogue was a station stop along the Greenport Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
 It was located on Depot Lane in Cutchogue, New York, a street that was named for the station.
 Cutchogue station first appeared on an issued timetable on July 29, 1844, Some sort of structure that was described as new is mentioned in a notice of March 1870.
 In August 1875 a depot building was put up.
 A newer and larger station building was erected in 1887.
 The station building was closed in 1958 and it was discontinued as a station stop around June 1962.
Suffolk Downs was a seasonal flag stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road and was first built in 1907.
 The depot was purchased by an LIRR employee and was moved to Peconic Bay at an undisclosed location on February 6, 1923 and the station stop itself closed around 1927.
 The station stop was located between Canoe Place and Shinnecock Hills Stations.
Ingomar is a small unincorporated community in northwestern Rosebud County, Montana, United States, along the route of U.S. Route 12.
 The town was established in 1908, as a station stop on the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad, then under construction in Montana.
 Although the land around Ingomar attracted numerous homesteaders during the decade following the railroad's completion, the region proved to be far too arid and inhospitable for intensive agricultural use, and by the 1920s the town was in decline.
 The railroad through the area was abandoned in 1980, and only a handful of people remain in Ingomar today.
Harlowton is a city and is the county seat of Wheatland County, Montana, United States.
 The population was 997 at the 2010 census.
 The city was once the eastern terminus of electric operations (1914–74) of the Milwaukee Road railroad's "Pacific Extension" route, which went all the way to Avery, Idaho.
 Here, steam or diesel locomotives were changed or hooked up to electric locomotives.
 Harlowton was founded in 1900 as a station stop on the Montana Railroad, a predecessor to the Milwaukee, and was named for Richard A. Harlow, the Montana Railroad's president.
