India is a popular feminine given name derived from the name of the country India, which takes its name from the Indus River.
 The name was used for India Wilkes, a character in the novel and movie "Gone with the Wind".
 Its use for girls in England began during the British rule in India during the 19th century.
 It has been used for daughters of aristocratic families in England that had ties to Colonial India, such as India Hicks.
 Just like names derived from seasons like Summer, Dawn, Solstice, Autumn are feminine, India is internationally recognized as a female name since it's a name of a country and it had been used as a feminine given name for more than hundred years in England and the U.S. Although India is a popular feminine given name, it's not as popular a given name in India as it is around the world.
 Girls who are given this name are usually called with a nickname "indy", or "Indie" which are also popular given names for girls in English speaking countries.
Manhunter (Kate Spencer) is a fictional character, a superheroine appearing in DC Comics.
 She is the eighth DC Comics character depicted using the name Manhunter, and the first female to do so.
 The character first appears in "Manhunter" (vol.
 3) #1 (October 2004) and was promoted by DC Comics as relevant to the popular "Identity Crisis" limited series.
The Harp and Bowl style of worship, which features musical prayer, derives its name from Revelation 5:8, which describes heavenly creatures which each "had a harp" and "were holding golden bowls full of incense, which are the prayers of the saints."
The Mazengarb Report of 1954, formally titled the "Report of the Special Committee on Moral Delinquency in Children and Adolescents", resulted from a ministerial inquiry (the Special Committee on Moral Delinquency in Children and Adolescents) sparked primarily by two infamous and well-publicised events in New Zealand's history: the 22 June 1954 Parker–Hulme murder case (subject of the 1994 Peter Jackson film "Heavenly Creatures") and the 20 June 1954 "Petone incident".
 The report gained its name from the inquiry chairman, Queen's Counsel Ossie Mazengarb.
"Lisa the Drama Queen" is the ninth episode of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 25, 2009 and guest starred Emily Blunt as Juliet.
 A special version of the end credits theme was performed by Fall Out Boy, although they do not guest star in the actual episode.
 This was the last episode in the series to be presented only in standard definition, the first regular episode to begin right after the opening credits without a commercial break, with an episode now having four segments, and the last episode to use the original opening sequence starting from Season 2.
 Brian Kelley returns as a writer after five seasons of being absent from the show.
 The episode is very loosely based on the 1994 film "Heavenly Creatures".
Sir Peter Robert Jackson {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 31 October 1961) is a New Zealand film director, screenwriter and film producer.
 He is best known as the director, writer, and producer of "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy (2001–03) and "The Hobbit" trilogy (2012–14), both of which are adapted from the novels of the same name by J. R. R. Tolkien.
 Other notable films include the critically lauded drama "Heavenly Creatures" (1994), the mockumentary "Forgotten Silver" (1995), the horror comedy "The Frighteners" (1996), the epic monster remake film "King Kong" (2005), and the supernatural drama film "The Lovely Bones" (2009).
 He also produced "District 9" (2009), "The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn" (2011), and the documentary "West of Memphis" (2012).
Heavenly Creatures is a 1994 New Zealand psychological drama directed by Peter Jackson, from a screenplay he co-wrote with his partner, Fran Walsh, about the notorious 1954 Parker–Hulme murder case in Christchurch, New Zealand.
 The film features Melanie Lynskey and Kate Winslet in their screen debuts with supporting roles by Sarah Peirse, Diana Kent, Clive Merrison, and Simon O'Connor.
 The main premise deals with the relationship between two teenage girls, Pauline Parker and Juliet Hulme, who murder Parker's mother.
 The events of the film cover the period from their meeting in 1952 to the murder in 1954.
The Parker–Hulme murder case began in the city of Christchurch, New Zealand, on 22 June 1954, when Honora Rieper (also known as Honora Parker, her legal name) was killed by her teenaged daughter, Pauline Parker, and Pauline's close friend Juliet Hulme (later known as Anne Perry).
 Parker was 16 at the time, while Hulme was 15.
Peter Elliott is a leading New Zealand actor.
 He has appeared in numerous television shows including "Shortland Street", "Gloss" and .
 He has also appeared in several movies including "Heavenly Creatures".
 Peter has a daughter Lucy Elliott who is an actress, playing character Dayna Jenkins on "Shortland Street" in 2013.
Kate Winslet is a British actress and singer who has appeared in numerous films and television series.
 Her film debut was as Juliet Hulme in the 1994 film "Heavenly Creatures".
 She went on to appear in the later 1990s films "Sense and Sensibility" as Marianne Dashwood (1995), which earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, "Jude" as Sue Bridehead (1996), "Hamlet" as Ophelia (1996) and "Titanic" as Rose DeWitt Bukater (1997).
 For her role in "Titanic", it earned her Best Actress nominations for an Academy Award, Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award.
