South Asia Peace Initiative (SAPI) promotes peace and cooperation through leadership consultations and grassroots activities in South Asian nations is a civil society initiative.
 There had been already 17 series of SAPI conference organized in Nepal, India, and Afghanistan and this initiatives will further continue.
 Former Minister of the Ministry of Co-operatives and Poverty Alleviation (Nepal) of the Government of Nepal and Member of the Nepalese Constituent Assembly Ek Nath Dhakal is a convener of South Asia Peace Initiative.
Revenge of the Judoon is a BBC Books original novella written by Terrance Dicks and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
 It features the Tenth Doctor and his companion Martha Jones.
 This paperback is part of the Quick Reads Initiative sponsored by the UK government, to encourage literacy.
 It has a similar look to BBC Books' other new series adventures, except for its much shorter word count, being a paperback and not being numbered as part of the same series.
 To date it is the one of only five novels based upon the revived series that have not been published in hardcover: the first, "I am a Dalek", was published in May 2006; the second, "Made of Steel", was published in March 2007; the fourth, "The Sontaran Games", was published in February 2009; and the fifth, "Code of the Krillitanes", was published in March 2010.
 These four books are also part of the Quick Reads Initiative.
Made of Steel is a BBC Books original novella written by Terrance Dicks and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
 It features the Tenth Doctor and Martha.
 This paperback is part of the Quick Reads Initiative sponsored by the UK government, to encourage literacy.
 It has a similar look to BBC Books' other new series adventures, except for its much shorter word count, being a paperback and not being numbered as part of the same series.
 To date it is the one of only five novels based upon the revived series that have not been published in hardcover: the first, "I am a Dalek", was published in May 2006; the third, "Revenge of the Judoon", was published in March 2008; the fourth, "The Sontaran Games", was published in February 2009; and the fifth, "Code of the Krillitanes", was published in March 2010.
 These four books are also part of the Quick Reads Initiative.
The Arab Peace Initiative (Arabic: ‎ ‎ ), also known as the "Saudi Initiative", is a 10 sentence proposal for an end to the Arab–Israeli conflict that was endorsed by the Arab League in 2002 at the Beirut Summit and re-endorsed at the 2007 Arab League summit and at the 2017 Arab League summit.
 The initiative calls for normalizing relations between the Arab region and Israel, in exchange for a full withdrawal by Israel from the occupied territories (including East Jerusalem) and a "just settlement" of the Palestinian refugee problem based on UN Resolution 194.
 The Initiative was initially overshadowed by the Passover Massacre, a major terrorist attack that took place on March 27, 2002, the day before the Initiative was published.
Beena Sarwar is a journalist, artist and filmmaker from Pakistan focusing on human rights, gender, media and peace.
 She is currently the Pakistan Editor of the Aman ki Asha (Hope for Peace) initiative, that aims to develop peace between the countries of India and Pakistan.
 The initiative is jointly sponsored by the Jang group in Pakistan and the Times of India across the border.
I am a Dalek is a BBC Books original novella written by Gareth Roberts and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
 It features the Tenth Doctor and Rose.
 This paperback is part of the Quick Reads Initiative sponsored by the UK government, to encourage literacy.
 It has a similar look to BBC Books' other new series adventures, except for its much shorter word count, being a paperback and not being numbered as part of the same series.
 To date it is the one of only five novels based upon the revived series that have not been published in hardcover: the second, "Made of Steel", was published in March 2007; the third, "Revenge of the Judoon", was published in March 2008; the fourth, "The Sontaran Games", was published in February 2009; and the fifth, "Code of the Krillitanes", was published in March 2010.
 These four books are also part of the Quick Reads Initiative.
The Israeli Peace Initiative is a compromise plan given by the political left with Israel in response to the Arab Peace Initiative issued by the Arab League in 2002 and again in 2007.
 It was released on April 6, 2011.
 It compromises with the Palestinians in the effort to establish peace in Israel.
 One of the key differences from other peace plans is that the Israeli Peace Initiative proposes a complete withdrawal of Israeli forces from the Gaza Strip and the West Bank.
 It also calls for the establishment of the Temple Mount as neutral ground between Palestine and Israel, and the retention of the Jewish Quarter of the Old City within Israel.
 Additionally, the peace plan addresses Israel's relations with its Arab neighbors, including settling the dispute over the Golan Heights, territory that Israel captured from Syria in the Six-Day War.
Ahsan's Formula (or an Admiral Ahsan Mission) was a fact-finding expedition and peace initiative mission dispatched by the Pakistani government to East Pakistan in early 1971.
 The mission was led by Vice-Admiral Syed Mohammad Ahsan, then-Governor of East Pakistan and commander of the East-Pakistani military, with the support from his chief of staff Lieutenant-General Yaqub Ali Khan to investigate the prelude causes of the civil war progress and to workout a peace initiative to end the political crises in the East Pakistan to avoid international humiliation of Pakistan.
The Global Peace Foundation (GPF) is an international nonprofit organization with a stated mission to promote “an innovative, values-based approach to peacebuilding, guided by the vision of One Family under God.”
 GPF partners with government ministries, community and faith-based organizations, and United Nations offices to develop and execute programs that include the Character and Creativity education initiative, Rivers of Peace Initiative, Rift Valley Peace Initiative, All-Lights Village project, Clean Cookstove initiative, Latin American Presidential Mission, International Young Leaders Assembly and Interfaith Alliance to Abolish Human Trafficking (Safe Haven Campaign).
United Nations Peace Messenger Cities are cities around the world that have volunteered for an initiative sponsored by the United Nations to promote peace and understanding between nations.
