Elijah Abel (July 25, 1808 – December 25, 1884) was one of the earliest African-American members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
 He was the first African-American elder and seventy in the Latter Day Saint movement.
 Abel was also the first and one of the few black members in the early history of the church to receive the priesthood.
 In 1849, Brigham Young declared all African-Americans ineligible to hold the priesthood and Abel's claim to priesthood right was also challenged.
 As a skilled carpenter, Abel often offered his services to the furthering of the work and to the building of LDS temples.
 On multiple occasions, Abel requested to be sealed to his wife, and each time this request was denied.
 In 1879 a meeting was held in Abraham Smoot's house to discuss the priesthood problem in general, and was revisited again two months later where Abel defended his priesthood ordination.
 To this day it is unclear whether Abel was even a formally proclaimed priesthood holder, and if so when such a right was instituted.
African-American bookstores, also known as black bookstores, are bookstores owned and operated by African Americans.
 These stores often, although not always, specialize in works by and about African Americans and their target customers are often African Americans.
 Although they are a variety of African-American business, African American bookstores have often been closely tied to radical political movements including Marxism, Black Power, and pan-Africanism.
The first documented African-American bookstore was established by the abolitionist David Ruggles in 1834.
 One of the earliest African-American bookstores to achieve national prominence was Lewis Michaux's National Memorial African Bookstore, which operated in Harlem from the early 1930s to the middle of the 1970s.
 Michaux's store doubled as a meeting place for black activists, including most famously Malcolm X.
 The Black Power movement embraced black-owned bookstores in the 1960s and '70s as vehicles for promoting their ideology and creating radical political spaces in black communities across the United States.
 By the 1990s, African-American bookstores earned significant attention from more politically moderate and business oriented media outlets such as the magazine Black Enterprise.
 In the 2000s and 2010s, however, as independent bookstores of all kinds declined and bookstores chains and Amazon increasingly sold black-authored books, the number of African-American bookstores declined rapidly, dropping from over 250 to just over 70.
William Gould (W.G.) Raymond (1819–1893), a pastor, chaplain and American soldier in the Union Army during the U.S. Civil War, played a prominent role in the initial recruitment of the first federal African-American regiments of the Union Army.
 In the period between the Emancipation Proclamation and the establishment of the Bureau of Colored Troops in 1863, Raymond, along with J.D. Turner, received authorization from President Abraham Lincoln to recruit and command the first federal African-American Union Army troops from the District of Columbia.
 Prior to this, African-American troops were raised at the state level only, without the direct authorization of Lincoln.
 The troops recruited by Raymond and Turner would become the 1st United States Colored Infantry and the first regiment of the U.S. Colored Troops (U.S.C.T), enduring threats and significant obstacles, but ultimately serving with distinction.
Joseph Seamon Cotter Sr. (February 2, 1861 – March 14, 1949) was a poet, writer, playwright, and community leader raised in Louisville, Kentucky (but born in Nelson County, Kentucky).
 Cotter was one of the earliest African-American playwrights to be published.
 He was known as "Kentucky's first Negro poet with real creative ability."
 Born at the start of the American Civil War, raised in poverty with no formal education until the age of 22, and living through a time of monumental change, Cotter also became an educator and an advocate of black education.
Mary Elliott Hill (1907–1969) was one of the earliest African-American women to become a chemist.
 Hill worked on the properties of ultraviolet light, developing analytic methodology, and, in collaboration with her husband Carl McClellan Hill, developing ketene synthesis which supported the development of plastics.
 She is believed to be the first African-American woman to be awarded a master's degree in chemistry.
African-American neighborhoods or black neighborhoods are types of ethnic enclaves found in many cities in the United States.
 Generally, an African American neighborhood is one where the majority of the people who live there are African American.
 Some of the earliest African-American neighborhoods were in New York City along with early communities located in Virginia.
 In 1830, there were 14,000 "free Negroes" living in New York City.
Anthony Johnson (    1600 –  1670) was a black Angolan who achieved freedom in the early 17th-century Colony of Virginia after serving his term of indenture.
 He became a property owner, and was one of the first people in Virginia to have his right to own a slave legally recognized.
 Held as an indentured servant in 1621, he earned his freedom after several years, and was granted land by the colony.
Zipporah Potter Atkins was a free African American woman who owned land in colonial Boston, during a time when few women or African Americans owned land in the American Colonies.
 The purchase of her home, dated 1670, makes her the first African American to own land in the city of Boston, and with Anthony Johnson (colonist) one of the earliest African-American landowners in what would become the United States.
Patrick Henry Reason, first named Patrice Rison (March 17, 1816 – August 12, 1898), was one of the earliest African-American engravers and lithographer in the United States.
 He was active as an abolitionist (along with his brother Charles Lewis Reason).
 He was a leader in a fraternal order, gaining recognition for Hamilton Lodge No. 710, New York, as part of the Grand United Order of Odd Fellows in America.
Blue-Eyed Black Boy is a 1930 one-act play by Georgia Douglas Johnson, one of the earliest African-American playwrights and an American poet that was a member of the Harlem Renaissance.
