Gărâna Jazz Festival is a music festival taking place annually in Gărâna, Romania.
 International four days jazz festival in the Romanian Mountains, it takes place each summer, in July.
 It is the biggest Open Air festival in Romania, cca.
 10000 people in the audience.
Weekend Festival is a music festival taking place in Helsinki, Pärnu and Sweden.
 The festival was organised for the first time in Luukki, Espoo (about 25 km from the centre of Helsinki), Finland on the 17 and 18 of August 2012.
 In 2013 the festival location was changed to its current location at Kyläsaari/Kalasatama in Helsinki.
 Weekend Festival artist line up has mainly consisted of EDM artists but there have also been artists from other music genres present.
 The festival has been attended by more than 40,000 people on both years.
 Every year the festival has a different theme which reflects mainly in the visual side of the festival.
 In 2013 the festival theme was Space and Future while for 2014 the organisers decided to go with Electro Disco theme.
 The festival lineup has featured various internationally acclaimed artists including Skrillex, David Guetta, Calvin Harris etc. and Finland's own popular artists.
 Weekend Festival has sold out in advance on both years.
 In 2013 Weekend Festival was voted as the best summer festival by the listeners of Finnish radio station YleX.
 In 2015, Weekend Festival expanded to Pärnu, Estonia and in 2016 to Sweden
The Maryland Film Festival is an annual five-day international film festival taking place each May in Baltimore, Maryland.
 The festival was launched in 1999, and presents international film and video work of all lengths and genres.
 The festival is known for its close relationship with John Waters, who is on the festival's board of directors and selects a favorite film to host within each year of the festival.
The club was founded as Blackpool Metal Mechanics in 1947 before changing their name to Blackpool Mechanics.
 They initially played in local leagues on the Fylde coast.
 They won the Fylde District League Division Two title in the 1950–51 season and were promoted to Division One, where between 1953–54 and 1957–58 they were champions twice and runners-up three times in five consecutive seasons.
 They also won a number of local cup competitions, including the Lancashire FA Amateur Shield in 1957–58.
The Island Fringe Festival is an independent arts and theatre festival that takes place annually in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.
 The Festival was founded by Sarah Segal-Lazar and Megan Stewart in 2012 with the first festival taking place in August of that year.
 The festival is one of three Fringe Festivals in Atlantic Canada and is a member of the Canadian Association of Fringe Festivals.
Freckleton is a village and civil parish on the Fylde coast in Lancashire, England, to the south of Kirkham and east of the seaside resort of Lytham St. Annes.
 In 2001 it had a population of 6,045, reducing to 6,019 at the 2011 Census.
 The village is near Warton, with its links to BAE Systems.
 Warton Aerodrome's 1.5 miles runway is partly within Freckleton's boundary.
 Freckleton has a parish council, and is part of Fylde Borough, and Fylde constituency.
Blackpool Illuminations is an annual lights festival, founded in 1879 and first switched on 19 September that year, held each autumn in the British seaside resort of Blackpool on the Fylde Coast in Lancashire.
Tuska Open Air Metal Festival, commonly shortened to Tuska (Finnish: "pain, agony" ), is a Finnish heavy metal festival taking place annually in Helsinki.
 The first Tuska took place in 1998 and the festival has since grown larger every year.
 The location of the festival has been in Kaisaniemi park in the middle of the city from 2001.
 However, Tuska 2011 took place at the Suvilahti event field in the Sörnäinen neighbourhood.
 The festival dates have always been in either June or July.
Animatricks is annual animation festival taking place in Helsinki every April.
 The organization behind the festival (Palikka ry) was formed in 1999 and the first Animatricks festival took place in 2000.
 Animatricks is the only film festival in Finland, that concentrates purely on animation.
 The festival program consists yearly of Finnish as well as international compilations of films and screenings put together to fit the festivals ever changing themes.The next Animatricks will take place April 22.-24.
 2016 in Helsinki.
Fylde Rugby Union Club is a rugby union club based in Lytham St Annes, on the Fylde coast in Lancashire, England.
 The home venue is the Woodlands Memorial Ground on Blackpool Road in Ansdell and the first team play in English rugby's National League One, the third tier of the English rugby union system.
 There are another three senior teams, the Wanderers, the Saracens and the Vandals who play in the English North West Leagues; respectively in the NW Premiership, NW1 North and NW5 North.
 There is currently no Colts team.
 In previous seasons the Colts have played in the Lancashire & Cheshire regional leagues.
