Taal Lake, formerly known as Bombón Lake, is a freshwater lake in the province of Batangas, on the island of Luzon in the Philippines.
 The lake fills Taal Caldera, a large volcanic caldera formed by very large eruptions between 500,000 and 100,000 years ago.
 It is the country's third largest lake after Laguna de Bay and Lake Lanao.
 Volcano Island, the location of Taal Volcano's historical eruptions and responsible for the lake's sulfuric content, lies near the center of the lake.
 There is a crater lake on Volcano Island.
 Known as the Yellow Lake or the Main Crater Lake, it contains its own small island, Vulcan Point.
 Vulcan Point was thought to be the largest third order island in the world but Treasure Island (Ontario) is much bigger and is thought to be the world largest, and is also on a freshwater lake.
Wyee is a small town in the Lake Macquarie region of New South Wales, Australia, in the City of Lake Macquarie.
 It is near the Sydney-Newcastle Freeway and has a railway station (opened 1892) on NSW TrainLink's Central Coast & Newcastle Line.
 It had a population of 1,487 in 2001, which significantly increased to 2,588 in 2011.
Lake Hamilton is somewhat round with a large cove at its northwest edge.
 It also has a peninsula, sometimes called Bonars Island, on its north side that juts about 2,000 ft south into the lake.
 During times of high water levels this peninsula becomes a large island.
 Lake Hamilton has a surface area of 2,184 acre .
 One large island is in the south-central part of the lake; it measures 1,410 ft long by 1,060 ft wide.
 Another large island is near the northeast shore of Lake Hamilton; it measures 825 ft long by 470 ft wide.
 At least two small islands are also within Lake Hamilton.
The Pigeon Lake Wilderness Area, an Adirondack Park unit of the forest preserve, lies in the town of Webb, Herkimer County, and the towns of Long Lake and Inlet in Hamilton County.
 It is bounded on the north by Stillwater Reservoir and large blocks of private land in the vicinity of Rose Pond, Shingle Shanty Pond and Upper Sister Lake; on the east by a private road from Brandreth Lake to North Point and by Raquette Lake; on the south by private lands along the Uncas Road; and on the west by the Big Moose Road, private lands near Big Moose Lake, Thirsty Pond, Twitchell Lake, Razorback Pond, and the Remsen to Lake Placid railroad tracks.
Mount Okmok is the highest point on the rim of Okmok Caldera (Unmagim Anatuu in Aleut) on the northeastern part of Umnak Island in the eastern Aleutian Islands of Alaska.
 This 5.8 mile (9.3 km) wide circular caldera truncates the top of a large shield volcano.
 A crater lake once filled much of the caldera, but the lake ultimately drained through a notch eroded in the northeast rim.
 The prehistoric lake attained a maximum depth of about 150 m (500 ft) and the upper surface reached an elevation of about 475 m (1560 ft), at which point it overtopped the low point of the caldera rim.
 Small, shallow remnants of the lake remained north of Cone D at an altitude of about 1075 feet: a small shallow lake located between the caldera rim and Cone D; a smaller lake (named Cone B Lake) farther north near the caldera's gate.
 After the 2008 eruption, the hydrogeology of the caldera was greatly changed with five separate sizable lakes now emplaced.
 In addition to the caldera lakes, Cone A, Cone E, Cone G and the new 2008 vent on Cone D contain small crater lakes.
Houghton Lake is a large lake in Roscommon County.
 The unincorporated community of Prudenville is at the southeastern end of the lake, while the unincorporated communities of Houghton Lake and Houghton Lake Heights are on the southwest and west shores.
 It is the largest inland lake in the state of Michigan, and one of the largest "natural" inland lakes in the United States (many man-made impoundments are much larger).
 The lake is approximately 7+1/2 mi north to south, and about 4+1/2 mi at it widest point.
 Houghton Lake has c. 30 mi of total shoreline and its waters cover 20044 acre .
 It is an extremely popular resort and fishing area year round.
 Houghton Lake is the site of Tip-Up-Town USA, a large ice fishing and winter sports festival with several events on the frozen waters of the lake itself.
 Houghton Lake is named after the first state geologist, Douglass Houghton who explored the area.
 Houghton County, in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan is also named after Douglass Houghton.
 The name of the lake is pronounced by Michigan citizens as "HOTE'n".
Avalanche Lake is a 9 acre mountain lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York.
 Avalanche Lake sits at 2885 feet (879 m) between 4,714-foot (1,437 m) Mount Colden and-3816 foot (1163 m) Avalanche Mountain.
 The two mountains rise in vertical cliffs from the surface of the lake.
 Immediately west of Avalanche Mountain (formerly known as Caribou Mountain) lies the MacIntyre Range— 5,115-foot (1,559 m) Algonquin Peak (the second highest mountain in the state), 4829-foot (1472 m) Boundary Peak, 4,843-foot (1,476 m) Iroquois Peak and 4,380-foot (1,335 m) Mount Marshall.
 Mount Marcy is 2.5 (4 km) miles to the east.
 Avalanche Lake feeds Lake Colden to the south, in the Hudson River watershed.
 To the north, the trail to the lake from the Adirondak Loj surmounts Avalanche Pass, which is only slightly above lake level but separates it from the Lake Champlain (St. Lawrence River) watershed.
 Following the lake toward Lake Colden, the trail is choked with large boulders, and a number of wooden ladders have been built to make passage possible.
 There are also three places where the trail takes to wooden catwalks, first built in the 1920s, that are bolted directly into the cliff face.
 This section is known as the "Hitch-Up Matilda;" in 1868 when a mountain guide waded to carry one of his clients past a point with no footing on shore, her husband urged her to sit higher on his shoulders.
Aneroid Lake is a large tarn located on Aneroid Mountain in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of northeastern Oregon.
 It is situated in between Roger Lake and Dollar Lake.
 It is not accessible by any kind of motor vehicle.
 However, there is a popular hiking trail that leads to the lake.
 There is a small group of private cabins near the south end and Pete's Point is clearly visible from the lake.
 It ties with Laverty Lake as the twenty-third highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness at 7500 ft .
Wabatongushi Lake is a lake in Northern Ontario, Canada, fully within the Chapleau Crown Game Preserve.
 The lake is highly diversified in its topography.
 The north end of Wabatongushi is shallow with many low, swampy areas.
 This is perfect habitat for Northern Pike and hungry moose.
 The south half of the lake is much deeper, with a maximum depth of 175' located right off Loch Island.
 This set up is ideal for large game fish such as Walleye and Northern Pike.
 The shoreline on the south end is much higher, with exposed Pre-Cambrian shield plummeting straight into the tea-stained water.
 Large schools of bait fish congregate off of these shorelines which attract the game fish.
 Fishing is excellent in these locations on the south end near Loch Island.
 Wabatongushi is the top lake in a chain that stretches almost 100 miles, eventually draining into lake Superior.
 It sits on the crest of the northern watershed.
 Wabatongushi Lake was a traditional transportation route from Hudson Bay to Lake Superior for both First Nations and Voyageurs.
 Wabatongushi in the Ojibwa language approximately means "White Sand Lake".
Wyee Point is a far southern suburb of the City of Lake Macquarie in New South Wales, Australia, on the southern shoreline of Lake Macquarie.
