USS "Missouri" (BB-63) ("Mighty Mo" or "Big Mo") is a United States Navy "Iowa"-class battleship and was the third ship of the U.S. Navy to be named after the U.S. state of Missouri.
 "Missouri" was the last battleship commissioned by the United States and is best remembered as the site of the surrender of the Empire of Japan which ended World War II.
The surrender of Imperial Japan was announced on August 15 and formally signed on September 2, 1945, bringing the hostilities of World War II to a close.
 By the end of July 1945, the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) was incapable of conducting major operations and an Allied invasion of Japan was imminent.
 Together with the British Empire and China, the United States called for the unconditional surrender of the Japanese armed forces in the Potsdam Declaration on July 26, 1945—the alternative being "prompt and utter destruction".
 While publicly stating their intent to fight on to the bitter end, Japan's leaders (the Supreme Council for the Direction of the War, also known as the "Big Six") were privately making entreaties to the still-neutral Soviet Union to mediate peace on terms more favorable to the Japanese.
 Meanwhile, the Soviets were preparing to attack Japanese forces in Manchuria and Korea (in addition to South Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands) in fulfillment of promises they had secretly made to the United States and the United Kingdom at the Tehran and Yalta Conferences.
World War II saw the end of the battleship as the dominant force in the world's navies.
 On the outbreak of the War, large fleets of battleships—many inherited from the dreadnought era decades before—were one of the decisive forces in naval thinking.
 By the end of the War, battleship construction was all but halted, and almost every remaining battleship was retired or scrapped within a few years of its end.
Victory over Japan Day (also known as V-J Day, Victory in the Pacific Day, or V-P Day) is the day on which Imperial Japan surrendered in World War II, in effect ending the war.
 The term has been applied to both of the days on which the initial announcement of Japan's surrender was made – to the afternoon of August 15, 1945, in Japan, and, because of time zone differences, to August 14, 1945 (when it was announced in the United States and the rest of the Americas and Eastern Pacific Islands) – as well as to September 2, 1945, when the signing of the surrender document occurred, officially ending World War II.
The Siege of Breslau, also known as the Battle of Breslau, was a three-month-long siege of the city of Breslau in Lower Silesia, Germany (now Wrocław, Poland), lasting to the end of World War II in Europe.
 From 13 February 1945 to 6 May 1945, German troops in Breslau were besieged by the Soviet forces which encircled the city as part of the Lower Silesian Offensive Operation.
 The German garrison's surrender on 6 May was followed by the surrender of all German forces two days after the battle.
General Quarters is a set of naval wargaming rules written by Lonnie Gill.
 Quick and easy to play they have become one of the most popular series of World War I and World War II era naval rules (they topped the poll of popular wargames rules amongst the Naval Wargames Society.
 There are currently three versions available.
 GQ1 covered World War II and used a d6 based system.
 GQ2 expanded coverage to World War I whilst also introducing new rules for World War II games; it also introduced a revised combat system that used a d10 in addition to d6.
 GQ3 was a complete revision published in 2006.
 A revised World War I version was announced for release in September 2007, and published as Fleet Action Imminent .
There are a number of campaign supplements for GQ3.
 First is The Solomons Campaign about the World War II Guadalcanal battles.
 Next is Sudden Storm a hypothetical campaign dealing with a war, between Japan and the US in 1937.
 A surprisingly possible occurrence, and one that yields a lot of big gun battles as the US fights its way back across the Pacific to the Philippines.
 All in a very smooth and playable format.
The Soviet–Japanese War (Russian: Советско-японская война ; Japanese: ソ連対日参戦 , "Soviet Union entry into war against Japan") was a military conflict within the Second World War beginning soon after midnight on August 9, 1945, with the Soviet invasion of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo.
 The Soviets and Mongolians terminated Japanese control of Manchukuo, Mengjiang (Inner Mongolia), northern Korea, Karafuto, and the Chishima Islands.
 The defeat of Japan's Kwantung Army helped in the Japanese surrender and the termination of World War II.
 The Soviet entry into the war was a significant factor in the Japanese government's decision to surrender unconditionally, as it made apparent the Soviet Union would no longer be willing to act as a third party in negotiating an end to hostilities on conditional terms.
The Japanese Instrument of Surrender was the written agreement that formalized the surrender of the Empire of Japan, marking the end of World War II.
 It was signed by representatives from the Empire of Japan, the United States of America, the Republic of China, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the Commonwealth of Australia, the Dominion of Canada, the Provisional Government of the French Republic, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, and the Dominion of New Zealand.
 The signing took place on the deck of USS "Missouri" in Tokyo Bay on September 2, 1945.
This is a list of regions occupied or annexed by the Empire of Japan until 1945, the end of World War II in Asia following the surrender of Japan.
 Control over all territories except the Japanese mainland (Hokkaido, Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku, and some 6000 small surrounding islands) was renounced by Japan in the Unconditional Surrender after World War II and the Treaty of San Francisco.
 A number of territories occupied by the United States (the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers) after 1945 have been returned to Japan, see Japan–United States relations for details.
 In 2005, there are still a number of disputed territories with Russia (the Kuril Islands dispute), South Korea (the Liancourt Rocks dispute), the People's Republic of China and Taiwan (the Senkaku Islands dispute).
 See Foreign relations of Japan for details.
The Potsdam Declaration or the Proclamation Defining Terms for Japanese Surrender is a statement that called for the surrender of all Japanese armed forces during World War II.
 On July 26, 1945, United States President Harry S. Truman, United Kingdom Prime Minister Clement Attlee, and Chairman of the Nationalist Government of China Chiang Kai-shek issued the document, which outlined the terms of surrender for the Empire of Japan as agreed upon at the Potsdam Conference.
 This ultimatum stated that, if Japan did not surrender, it would face "prompt and utter destruction".
