Ellesmere Port Town Football Club is a football club based in Ellesmere Port, Cheshire, England.
 They are currently members of the West Cheshire League Division Two and play at Dunkirk Lane.
Eastbourne Town Football Club are an English football club based in Eastbourne, East Sussex.
 The club is a FA Chartered Standard Community club affiliated to the Sussex County Football Association.
 The club was founded in 1881 as Devonshire Park FC and is the oldest senior football club in Sussex.
 The club are currently members of the Southern Combination Premier Division and play at The Saffrons.
Alfred Bellis (8 October 1920 – 28 April 2013) was an English footballer who played at outside left in the Football League for Port Vale, Bury, Swansea Town, and Chesterfield.
 He also played for Ellesmere Port Town, Rochdale, Notts County, Manchester United and Manchester City during World War II.
Biggleswade Town Football Club is a football club based in Biggleswade, Bedfordshire, England.
 The club are currently members of the Southern League Premier Division and play at the Carlsberg Stadium.
Cromer Town Football Club is an English football club based in Cromer, Norfolk.
 The club are currently members of the Anglian Combination Division One and play at Cabbell Park.
 The current club was established in 1997 by a merger of the original Cromer Town and Madra United.
Tiverton Town Football Club are an English football club based in Tiverton, Devon.
 The club are currently members of the Southern Football League Premier Division and play at Ladysmead.
Vauxhall Motors Football Club is a football club based in Ellesmere Port, Cheshire, England.
 The club are currently members of the West Cheshire League Division One and play at Rivacre Park.
The West Cheshire Association Football League (commonly known as the West Cheshire League) is an English football league in the county of Cheshire.
 Its current principal sponsor is "Carlsberg", also sponsor of the South West Peninsula League.
 It has a Division One, Divisions Two and Division Three.
 Division One sits at step 7 (or level 11) of the National League System.
Stockport Town Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Woodley, a suburb of Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
 They are currently members of the North West Counties League Division One , the tenth tier of English football, and play at Stockport Sports Village.
 Nicknamed "the Lions", the club was founded in 2014 and were accepted into the North West Counties Football League a year later.
Luton Town Football Club is an English football club based in Luton, Bedfordshire, which competes in League Two, the fourth tier of English football, for the 2017–18 season.
 Formed in 1885 as the product of a merger, Luton Town became the first professional team in the south of England six years later and joined the Football League in 1897.
 After leaving the League in 1900 because of financial difficulties, Luton Town settled at their Kenilworth Road ground in 1905 and competed in the Southern League until 1920, when the club rejoined the Football League.
 The team was relegated to the Football Conference in 2009, after 89 consecutive years of League membership, following a 30-point deduction imposed by the football authorities.
 Five seasons later, the club won promotion back to the Football League.
