East Lyme High School is a high school located in the Flanders Village region of East Lyme, Connecticut.
 It is operated by East Lyme Public Schools.
 The mascot is Sven the Viking.
 Students from the town of Salem, Connecticut in grades 9 through 12 attend high school in East Lyme (as they have no high school of their own); this will be the case until at least 2016 when the current co-op agreement between the two towns expires.
Rich Central High School or RCHS is a public four-year high school located in Olympia Fields, Illinois, a southern suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 The Rich Central Campus serves the cities of Matteson, Richton Park, Country Club Hills, Chicago Heights, Tinley Park, and parts of Olympia Fields.
 It is a part of Rich Township District 227, which also includes Rich East High School and Rich South High School.
 Although the school is located in Olympia Fields, it does not serve the entire village.
 Some Olympia Fields students attend high school at Homewood-Flossmoor High School and Bloom High School, depending on the subdivision where the student resides.
Milford High School (also known as MHS) is the secondary school for the district of Milford, Massachusetts, Milford Public Schools.
 It is one choice for Milford students to attend high school.
 Another is Blackstone Valley Regional Vocational Technical High School.
 The principal is Mr. Joshua Otlin.
 The assistant principals are Ms. Sissela Tucker (House A) and Mr. Richard Piergustavo (House B).
Kempsville High School is one of eleven public high schools in the Virginia Beach City Public Schools system.
 It is a comprehensive high school for students in grades 9-12.
 Located in the western section of the city, the Kempsville High School covers approximately 12 sq. miles, and draws students from both Kempsville Middle School and Larkspur Middle School.
 In the Fall of 2016, Kempsville High School will be home to the Virginia Beach City Public Schools newest academy program, The Entrepreneurship and Business Academy at Kempsville High School.
 Students from across the school division can apply to attend this new academy program.
 A normal school day at Kempsville High is organized into an A/B block schedule with four class periods.
 Semester courses earn one-half credit, and year courses earn one credit upon successful completion of the course.
 All students at Kempsville High School have the opportunity to earn dual enrollment credit through Tidewater Community College, attend the Governor’s Magnet School for the Arts, attend the Technical and Career Education Center, attend the Advanced Technology Center, and the evening credit program at Renaissance Academy.The school mission statement is “Kempsville High School is committed to equipping students to be independent, responsible, academically proficient, technically and globally literate critical and creative thinkers."
Laramie High School (LHS) is a high school (grades 9-12) in Laramie, Albany County, Wyoming, United States.
 In the Albany County School District, high school begins in the 9th grade (freshman year); 9th grade students are now able to attend high school in Laramie due to the building of a new high school.
 Many LHS students concurrently attend classes at Laramie County Community College (Albany County Campus), or the University of Wyoming.
Sargent was born in Elsham, North Lincolnshire, the son of a gardener and a housecleaner, and grew up in Winterton, Lincolnshire.
 Sargent was the first person in his family to attend high school, and the first student from his high school to ever attend college.
 He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Manchester in 1956, and his Ph.D. in 1959 from the same institution.
The Constitution mandates free and compulsory primary and secondary education in the Republic of Macedonia, and the Law on Primary Education specifies that all children from 6 to 15 years of age attend school for a compulsory 9 years.
 The Law on High School Education specifies that all adolescents from the ages of 15 - 19 must attend high school for 4 years (or 3 years - depending on the type of school)
Glenn Martin Hughes (July 18, 1950 – March 4, 2001) was the original "Biker" character in the disco group Village People from 1977 to 1996.
 He graduated in 1968 from Chaminade High School, then attended Manhattan College, where he was initiated as a member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia music fraternity in 1969.
 He was interested in motorcycles, and was working as a toll collector at the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel when he responded to an advertisement by composer Jacques Morali seeking "macho" singers and dancers.
 Hughes and other members of the band were given a crash course in the synchronized dance choreography that later typified the group's live performances.
Lydia Patterson Institute is a Methodist Christian college-preparatory school located in El Paso, Texas, United States.
 Founded in 1913, it offers programs for Spanish-speaking children, primarily from Juarez, to attend high school in the United States and attend an American undergraduate university.
 All high school classes are taught in English, and the school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Red Valley/Cove High School is a high school in the community of Red Valley, Arizona, also serving Cove, Arizona.
 It is operated by the Red Mesa Unified School District.
 It was created to allow students in the Red Valley and Cove area to attend high school within Arizona; prior to Red Valley/Cove's opening, these areas were served by schools in New Mexico.
