"Found That Soul" is a single by the Manic Street Preachers, released on 26 February 2001 from the "Know Your Enemy" album.
 Writing credit was shared by all three members of the band, James Dean Bradfield, Sean Moore and Nicky Wire.
 The song reached number 9 in the UK Singles Chart.
"Some Kind of Bliss" is a song recorded by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue, for her sixth studio album "Impossible Princess" (1997).
 The song was released as the lead single from the album on 8 September 1997 through BMG, Deconstruction and Mushroom.
 Minogue co-wrote the track with James Dean Bradfield and Sean More while Bradfield and Dave Eringa produced it.
 Backed by guitar and drum instruments, "Some Kind of Bliss" is a pop rock track in which Minogue sings about feeling happy while away from family and friends.
"An English Gentleman" is the second single from the album "The Great Western" by Manic Street Preachers vocalist/guitarist James Dean Bradfield, released on 25 September 2006 on Columbia Records."
 The title track pays tribute to the late Manics publicist Philip Hall.
 Also featured on the CD version of the single is a cover Frank Sinatra's "Summer Wind", Bradfield's favourite song.
Beautiful Mistake "(Welsh: Camgymeriad Gwych)" is a 2000 British music documentary film directed by Marc Evans starring James Dean Bradfield, Huw Bunford and Cian Ciaran.
James Dean Bradfield (born 21 February 1969) is a Welsh singer-songwriter, musician and record producer.
 He is known for being the lead guitarist and lead vocalist for the Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers.
"The Everlasting" is the second single to be lift from the Manic Street Preachers's fifth studio album "This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours".
 It was released on November 30, 1998, through Epic, it peaked on number 11 in the UK Singles Chart, breaking their run of consecutive top ten hits.
 All three members of the band - James Dean Bradfield, Sean Moore and Nicky Wire - share the writing credits.
"So Why So Sad" was released by Manic Street Preachers in 2001 and was jointly the first single to be released from the "Know Your Enemy" album.
 All three members of the band - James Dean Bradfield, Sean Moore and Nicky Wire - share the writing credits.
 The song reached number 8 in the UK Singles Chart.
"Tsunami" is a song by Manic Street Preachers, released as a single on July 5, 1999 through Epic.
 It was the fourth and final single to be released from the album "This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours" All three members of the band - James Dean Bradfield, Sean Moore and Nicky Wire - share the writing credits.
 The single managed to peak at number 11 in the UK charts.
"You Stole the Sun from My Heart" is a song by Manic Street Preachers, released as the third single from the album "This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours".
 All three members of the band - James Dean Bradfield, Sean Moore and Nicky Wire - share the writing credits.
"Ocean Spray" is a song by the Manic Street Preachers, which was released as a single on 4 June 2001, the third single to be released from the album "Know Your Enemy".
 James Dean Bradfield wrote both lyrics and music for the song.
 It reached number 15 in the UK Singles Chart.
