Ludwig van Beethoven the Elder, also Ludovicus van Beethoven and Lodewijk van Beethoven (January 5, 1712 – December 24, 1773) was a professional singer and music director, best known as the grandfather of the composer Ludwig van Beethoven.
Ludwig van Beethoven's Bagatelles, Op. 126, dedicated to his brother Johann van Beethoven, were published late in his career, in the year 1825.
 A bagatelle, in Beethoven's usage, is a kind of brief character piece.
Ludwig van Beethoven is a series of sculptures of Ludwig van Beethoven by German-American sculptor Henry Baerer.
 Versions are displayed in Central Park in New York City, Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, and Prospect Park in Brooklyn.
 The sculpture in Central Park was dedicated on July 22, 1884.
 It includes two bronze statues, including a bust of Beethoven and an allegorical female figure on a polished Barre Granite pedestal.
The Violin Sonata No. 4 of Ludwig van Beethoven in A minor, his Opus 23, was composed in 1801, published in October that year, and dedicated to Count Moritz von Fries.
 It followed by one year the composition of his first symphony, and was originally meant to be published alongside Violin Sonata No. 5, however it was published on different sized paper, so the opus numbers had to be split.
 Unlike the three first sonatas, Sonata No. 4 received a favourable reception from critics.
Ludwig van (full title: "Ludwig van: A report"; German: "Ludwig van: ein Bericht") is a black-and-white German film by Mauricio Kagel.
 Filmed in 1969, it was first screened the following year.
 The work was commissioned by Westdeutscher Rundfunk for the bicentennial celebrations of the birth of Ludwig van Beethoven in 1970.
 The film examines the reception of the composer and his works and how he has become a consumer product of the culture industry.
 The soundtrack is an arrangement of fragments of Beethoven's works, modified as if heard by the deaf composer himself; it is distinct from Kagel's 1970 composition "Ludwig van".
 Prominent contemporary artists including Dieter Roth, Stefan Wewerka (), Robert Filliou, and Joseph Beuys were involved in the design.
 According to "Gramophone", "at first it’s a laugh a minute ... then Kagel's film turns dark".
Ludwig van Beethoven's Piano Sonata No. 27 in E minor, Op.
 90 was written in the summer of 1814 – Beethoven's late Middle period – and was dedicated to Prince Moritz von Lichnowsky, a friend and benefactor who was also the dedicatee of the famous "Eroica Variations".
The Symphony No. 7 in A major, Op. 92, is a symphony in four movements composed by Ludwig van Beethoven between 1811 and 1812, while improving his health in the Bohemian spa town of Teplice.
 The work is dedicated to Count Moritz von Fries.
The Beethoven "Gesamtausgabe" is the first collected edition of the works of Ludwig van Beethoven.
 Its full title is "Ludwig van Beethovens Werke: vollständige kritisch durchgesehene überall berechtige Ausgabe" (which roughly translated means "Ludwig van Beethoven's Works: complete, critical, thoroughly revised, authorized edition").
 It was published between 1862 and 1865, with a supplementary volume appearing in 1888.
Ludwig van Beethoven's Symphony No. 1 in C major, Op.
 21, was dedicated to Baron Gottfried van Swieten, an early patron of the composer.
 The piece was published in 1801 by Hoffmeister & Kühnel of Leipzig.
 It is not known exactly when Beethoven finished writing this work, but sketches of the finale were found to be from 1795.
The Violin Sonata No. 5 in F major, Opus 24, is a violin sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven.
 It is often known as the "Spring Sonata" ("Frühlingssonate"), and was published in 1801.
 Its dedicatee was Count Moritz von Fries, a patron to whom Beethoven also dedicated two other works of the same year—the C major string quintet and the fourth violin sonata—as well as his later seventh symphony.
