Prem Ganapathy is an Indian entrepreneur and businessman.
 He is the founder of the restaurant chain Dosa plaza.
 Starting with meager investment, he expanded Dosa plaza into a restaurant chain with 45 outlets in India, New Zealand, Oman, and UAE.
Chefette Restaurants is the largest fast food restaurant chain based in the Caribbean island nation of Barbados.
 Currently operating throughout the island in 14 locations, Chefette is known for its broasted chicken meals as well as a local curried-'meat + vegetable' (similar to the European Gyro) roll-up or wrap, locally known as a roti.
 Chefette was founded by a Trinidadian businessman named Assad John Haloute, who migrated to Barbados in 1971.
 In 1972, he opened the first Chefette Restaurant at Fontabelle, St. Michael.
 As the success of the chain grew over the next three decades, the restaurant chain continued its expansion.
 The company's trademark colours are yellow and purple.
Harvey's is a fast food restaurant chain that operates in Canada, with locations in every province.
 It serves hamburgers, hot dogs, french fries, onion rings, and other traditional fast food fare.
 The chain is owned by Cara Operations.
 Harvey's is the second-largest Canadian-established restaurant chain in the country behind Tim Hortons, and is the fourth-largest burger chain in Canada.
VIP's, alternatively written Vip's, is a defunct restaurant chain in the Western United States that operated from 1968 until the late 1980s, based in Salem, Oregon.
 With more than 50 locations, it was once the largest restaurant chain based in Oregon.
 It was a Denny's-style restaurant, a type that was commonly known at that time as a "coffee shop" but is now more commonly known as a casual dining restaurant.
 Most restaurants were located near freeways and were open 24 hours.
 At its peak, the chain had locations in five states: Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Nevada and northern California.
Rochelle (Shelley) Buffenstein is a staff scientist at Calico, an Alphabet, Inc. funded research outfit investigating aging.
 Previously, she had been a professor of Physiology at theBarshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio.
 Her research focuses on comparative vertebrate physiology, energetics, cancer biology, and aging.
 She has worked with marsupials, mole-rats, tenrecs, bats, subterranean mammals, and primates.
 Her best known work involves exceptional aging -- specifically, why naked mole-rats live for so much longer than other rodents.
 Her lab has investigated theories of aging including oxidative damage theory, the advanced glycation end product theory, and the telomere theory.
Chicken in the Rough, also known as Beverly's Chicken in the Rough, is a fried chicken restaurant chain and former franchise.
 It was one of the earliest restaurant chain franchises in the United States.
 Chicken in the Rough was founded by Beverly and Rubye Osborne in 1936 in Oklahoma City, and the restaurant's specialty half-fried chicken dish was also created in 1936.
 The dish itself was also referred to as "Chicken in the Rough", and consisted of a half fried chicken, shoestring potatoes and a biscuit with honey.
 Three restaurants presently serve the dish today, located in Port Huron, Michigan and Canadian neighbor Sarnia, Ontario.
 The chain's logo was an image of a rooster smoking a cigar and carrying a golf club.
 The chain also used a logo of "Chicken's Caddie", which depicted a chick acting as a golf caddie, stating "I'll gladly be fried for Chicken in the Rough".
Nirula's is India's oldest fast food restaurant chain.
 Based in North India and most popular in NCR Delhi, it was Delhi's first fast food restaurant, opening in Connaught Place in 1977.
 Today it has over 70 outlets in NCR Delhi, Bihar, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh states, offering a “Desi” version of Western fast food items.
 Nirula's success has led them to branch out into other ventures which include, ‘Potpourri’, an Indian cuisine, casual dining restaurant chain; ‘Nirula's 21’, ice cream parlour chain, in addition to pastry shops and two hotels in Noida and Panipat.
 Recently Nirula's opened its first franchise in Patna, their first outlet in the entire east zone.
KFC, until 1991 known as Kentucky Fried Chicken, is an American fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken.
 Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, it is the world's second-largest restaurant chain (as measured by sales) after McDonald's, with almost 20,000 locations globally in 123 countries and territories as of December 2015 .
 The chain is a subsidiary of Yum!
 Brands, a restaurant company that also owns the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell chains.
David A. Snowdon (born 1952), is an epidemiologist and professor of neurology at the Sanders-Brown Center on Aging at the University of Kentucky.
 His research interests include antioxidants and aging, and the neuropathology of Alzheimer's disease, especially predictive factors in early life and the role of brain infarction.
Mugg & Bean is a full-service, & On-The-Move restaurant, coffee-themed franchise restaurant chain originating from South Africa.
 The restaurant chain was founded in 1996 by Ben Filmalter after a visit to a Chicago coffee shop in the early 1990s inspired him to open a similar restaurant in South Africa.
 The franchise was bought by Famous Brands in 2009.
