Shepard (Francis Leighton) is a mutant villain in the Marvel Comics Universe.
 His first appearance was in "Mystique #5".
Oriel College is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in Oxford, England.
 Located in Oriel Square, the college has the distinction of being the oldest royal foundation in Oxford (a title formerly claimed by University College, whose claim of being founded by King Alfred is no longer promoted).
 In recognition of this royal connection, the college has also been known as King's College and King's Hall.
 The reigning monarch of the United Kingdom (since 1952, Elizabeth II) is the official Visitor of the College.
Regent's Park College dates to the foundation of the London Baptist Education Society in 1752.
 The appointment of the first Principal came in 1810 when the College moved to Stepney, East London.
 In 1855, under the then-President, Dr Joseph Angus, the College moved to Holford House in the centre of Regent's Park, London, where it operated as a Constituent College of the University of London.
 In 1927, the College moved to Oxford, with the first students arriving in 1928, and matriculating under name of the then St Catherine's Society, later St Catherine's College, Oxford.
 After taking advantage of significant links with both St Catherine's Society and Mansfield College, Oxford to matriculate undergraduates for study within the University, the College became a full Permanent Private Hall of the University of Oxford in 1957.
General Francis Leighton (1696 – 9 June 1773) was a general of the British Army.
Arthur Francis Leighton (March 6, 1889 – June 15, 1939) was a British field hockey player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
All Souls College (official name: The Warden and the College of the Souls of All Faithful People Deceased in the University of Oxford) is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in England.
Wolfson College is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in England.
 Located in north Oxford along the River Cherwell, Wolfson is an all-graduate college with over sixty governing body fellows, in addition to both research and junior research fellows.
 It caters to a wide range of subjects, from the humanities to the social and natural sciences.
 The college is also Oxford University's most international and interdisciplinary graduate college, with students from 75 nationalities enrolled in masters and doctoral programs.
The Oxford University Society of Bibliophiles is a book collecting and bibliophile club run by, and primarily for, students at Oxford University.
 It was founded in 1950 by a group of young bibliophiles headed by John Granger, Bent Juel-Jensen and R. John Rickett, and the first meeting was held in Hilary Term of 1951.
 For fifty years the Society held regular lectures, visits and other events during the University terms, and many of the leading bibliographers, librarians, book collectors, booksellers and other literary figures of the period spoke to the Society or hosted visits.
 Many of the Society's junior members went on to become prominent figures in the world of books, and some later served as senior members of the Society.
 One of the most influential members was John Sparrow, Warden of All Souls, who encouraged a love of books and manuscripts in a generation of students, and hosted a termly "Warden's Meeting" at which members were encouraged to bring items from their own libraries to pass round and say a few words about; the tradition of the "Warden's Meeting" continued after 1986, when the Warden himself was too ill to host the meetings and, indeed, after his death in 1992.
 Another of the Society's traditions was the quality of the termly programme cards, often produced by the leading printers and private presses of the age, including the Oxford and Cambridge University Presses, the Rampant Lions Press, the Samson Press, the Fantasy Press, the Kit-Cat Press, Big Wheel Press, the Perpetua Press, the Incline Press, the Whittington Press, the Libanus Press, the Rocket Press, the Stanbrook Abbey Press and the Stamperia Valdonega.
The Dean of Christ Church is the dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford and head of the governing body of Christ Church, a constituent college of the University of Oxford.
 The cathedral is the mother church of the Church of England Diocese of Oxford and seat of the Bishop of Oxford.
 The chapter of canons of the cathedral has formed the governing body of the college since its foundation, with the dean as "ex officio" head of the chapter and "ipso facto" head of the college.
 Since 4 October 2014, the dean has been Martyn Percy.
University College (in full The Master and Fellows of the College of the Great Hall of the University of Oxford, colloquially referred to as "Univ"), is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in England.
 It has a claim to being the oldest college of the university, having been founded in 1249 by William of Durham.
