Swervedriver are an English alternative rock band formed in Oxford in 1989 around core members Adam Franklin and Jimmy Hartridge.
 Between 1989 and 1998, the band released four studio albums and numerous EPs and singles despite a considerable flux of members, managers, and record labels.
 By 1993 the band’s lineup had settled with Franklin on vocals/guitar, Hartridge on guitar, Jez Hindmarsh on drums, and Steve George on bass.
 They had emerged with a heavier rock sound than their shoegaze contemporaries, and over the next five years it evolved to include elements of psychedelia, classic pop, and indie rock.
 In 2008, the band reunited for touring purposes.
 They released their first new single in fifteen years in September 2013, and their first full-length album in seventeen years in March 2015.
Cha Cha Cohen were a band formed in 1994 by three members of The Wedding Present — Keith Gregory, Paul Dorrington and Simon Smith.
 After recruiting singer Jacqui Cohen (AKA Jaqi Dulany) from The Dustdevils they released a single, "Sparky's Note", on Hemiola Records.
"Perfect Day" is a single by British band EMF.
 It was the first single from their album "Cha Cha Cha".
 The single was released in February 1995 and reaching number 27 on the UK Singles Chart.
Las Rubias del Norte (trans.
 The Blondes from the North) are a band from Brooklyn, New York formed by classically trained singers Allyssa Lamb and Emily Hurst.
 The band is known for playing Latin music including boleros, cha cha chas, cumbias, and huaynos.
 The name of the band is a pun on the well-known Mexican norteño band Los Tigres del Norte.
N.Flying (Korean: 엔플라잉 , Japanese: エヌフライング; short for New Flying which also means new wings or new escape.)
 is a South Korean rap rock band formed by FNC Entertainment in 2013.
 The band consists of Kwon Kwang-jin (bass, rap), Lee Seung-hyub (rhythm guitar, vocal, rap), Cha Hun (lead guitar, vocal), Kim Jae-hyun (drums) and Yoo Hwe-seung (vocal).
 Their first release, "Basket" charted at number two on Oricon's weekly Indies chart in Japan.
 Their fan club name is "N.Fia", a combination of the words “N.Flying” and “Utopia.”
 It means that the band and their fans will fly together towards the utopia of their ideal music.
COD (Crews On Destiny) is a Nepali Rn’B and pop band, formed in Kathmandu, Nepal in 2004 officially launched by Music Dot Com.
 They were the youngest artist to hit the mainstream media in Nepal.
 They were an inspiration to the young generation in Nepal, and had set a benchmark in Nepali music industry.
 Songs and albums produced by COD are usually in the Nepali language.
 Lyrics include themes of love, break up, drama etc.
 Their songs, like, “"Ekanta cha thau",” “"Sanjha ko bela",” ""Beyoshi",” ”"Syano Nepal",” “"Aauta Pari,"” “"Let me - Bhana k Garu?""
 and “"Maridinchu"" amongst various others, were some of the biggest hits in Nepalese music industry.
 The song “Ekanta cha thau" from their First album Dead Past has been received as the most loved songs till now.
Live in Tokyo 1996 Vol.
 2 is a 1999 live album by German band La!
 Neu?
, recorded during their 1996 Japanese tour at a concert in Tokyo.
 Despite its title, the album actually consists of the first half of the concert, the second half having been released in 1998 as "Cha Cha 2000 - Live in Tokyo 1996 Vol.
 1".
 The album consists of a mixture of live improvisation and set songs, including some sampled material from English musician Mick Lount.
The Silencers are a Scottish rock band formed in London in 1986 by Jimme O'Neill and Cha Burns, two ex-members of the post-punk outfit Fingerprintz.
 Their music is characterised by a melodic blend of pop, folk and traditional Celtic influences.
 Often compared to Scottish bands with a similar sound like Big Country, Del Amitri and The Proclaimers, The Silencers have distinguished themselves with their eclectic sounds, prolific output and continued career.
 Their first single, "Painted Moon," was a minor international hit and invited critical comparisons to Simple Minds and U2.
 In 1987 they released their first album "A Letter From St. Paul," which included "Painted Moon" and another minor hit, "I See Red."
 Buoyed by the huge European hit "Bulletproof Heart", the band's third album "Dance to the Holy Man" is the band's commercial peak to date.
 Throughout the 1990s, The Silencers saw a popular taste shift away from their songwriter-based style of music toward grunge and electronic music.
Cha Cha Cha was the third and last studio album by English rock band EMF, released in 1995 under the EMI label.
 It was the first album the band released in three years, their previous album being their 1992 album Stigma.
Giants of Science is a band formed in Brisbane in Queensland.
 They refer to their music as "nerd-core" and have been influenced by Split Enz Swervedriver, Sparklehorse, Superchunk, Brisbane underground rock legends the KT26ers, and Sonic's Rendezvous Band.
 They have supported MC5, Rollins Band, A Perfect Circle, and Mudhoney and have toured in Canada.
 Their album "Here Is The Punishment" debuted at #4 on the national AIR independent albums chart.
