Mayhayley Lancaster (October 18, 1875 – November 22, 1955) was an American lawyer, political activist, midwife and teacher best known for having participated in two of Georgia's most high-profile murder trials, involving defendants Leo Frank in Marietta and John Wallace in Coweta County.
 She was involved in Leo Frank's defense and in the Wallace case as a witness for the prosecution.
Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded is an epistolary novel by English writer Samuel Richardson, first published in 1740.
 It tells the story of a beautiful 15-year-old maidservant named Pamela Andrews, whose country landowner master, Mr. B, makes unwanted advances towards her after the death of his mother.
 After Mr. B attempts unsuccessfully to seduce and rape her, he eventually rewards her virtue when he sincerely proposes an equitable marriage to her.
 In the novel's second part, Pamela marries Mr. B and tries to acclimatize to upper-class society.
 The story, a best-seller of its time, was very widely read but was also criticized for its perceived licentiousness.
Witness is a 1985 American crime thriller film directed by Peter Weir and starring Harrison Ford and Kelly McGillis.
 The screenplay by William Kelley, Pamela Wallace, and Earl W. Wallace focuses on a detective protecting a young Amish boy who becomes a target after he witnesses a murder in Philadelphia.
In the law of evidence, a credible witness is a person making testimony in a court or other tribunal, or acting otherwise as a witness, whose credibility is unimpeachable.
 A witness may have more or less credibility, or no credibility at all.
 In the common law system, the term 'credible witness' may be used generally, to refer to testimony, or for the witnessing of certain documents.
Rules of origin are used to determine the country of origin of a product for purposes of international trade.
 There are two common types of rules of origin depending upon application, the preferential and non-preferential rules of origin (19 CFR 102).
 The exact rules vary from country to country, from agreement to agreement.
Alfred Russel Wallace {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (8 January 1823 – 7 November 1913) was a British naturalist, explorer, geographer, anthropologist, and biologist.
 He is best known for independently conceiving the theory of evolution through natural selection; his paper on the subject was jointly published with some of Charles Darwin's writings in 1858.
 This prompted Darwin to publish his own ideas in "On the Origin of Species."
 Wallace did extensive fieldwork, first in the Amazon River basin and then in the Malay Archipelago, where he identified the faunal divide now termed the Wallace Line, which separates the Indonesian archipelago into two distinct parts: a western portion in which the animals are largely of Asian origin, and an eastern portion where the fauna reflect Australasia.
The Wallace Line or Wallace's Line is a faunal boundary line drawn in 1859 by the British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace and named by Thomas Henry Huxley, that separates the ecozones of Asia and Wallacea, a transitional zone between Asia and Australia.
 West of the line are found organisms related to Asiatic species; to the east, a mixture of species of Asian and Australian origin is present.
 Wallace noticed this clear division during his travels through the East Indies in the 19th century.
Straight from the Heart is a made-for-TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel on February 9, 2003.
 It is based on the romance novel by Pamela Wallace.
Earl W. Wallace is an American screen and television writer who began his career in the 1970s writing episodes of the hit CBS Western series "Gunsmoke", one of which inspired him, his wife Pamela, and William Kelley to develop the screenplay for the 1985 film "Witness".
Pamela Wallace (born 1949 in Exeter, California) is an American screenwriter and author.
 She won an Academy Award for co-writing the screenplay for the movie "Witness".
 Wallace has also written 25 romance novels, under her own name and the pseudonyms Pamela Simpson and Dianne King.
