Chip Maxwell (born August 10, 1962) is an American politician from the state of Nebraska.
 A member of the Republican Party, Maxwell served in the unicameral Nebraska Legislature from 2001 to 2005 and on the Douglas County Board of Commissioners from 2005 to 2009.
 He stated that he would run in the Republican Party primary election for the U.S. House of Representatives in Nebraska's 2nd congressional district in the 2016 Election.
Edward Rosewater, born Edward Rosenwasser, (January 21, 1841 – August 30, 1906) was a Republican Party politician and newspaper editor in Omaha, Nebraska.
 Rosewater had a reputation for being "aggressive and controversial", and was influential in the Nebraska state Republican Party.
Lee Roupas is the Palos Township Republican Committeeman as well as the Former Chairman of the Cook County Republican Party Cook County, Illinois.
 At a national level, Lee worked on the re-election campaign of President George W. Bush in Washington, D.C. as a Surrogate Event Coordinator, planning rallies for the President in battleground states across the country.
 He served the Republican Party on the 2004 Republican National Convention staff.
 He served the Party on the 55th Presidential Inauguration staff and later as the Communications Director for the Republican Party of Virginia.
 Prior to being elected Chairman of the Cook County Republican Party, he served on the Cook County GOP Executive Committee under Chairmen Gary Skoien and Liz Gorman.
The Kansas Republican Party is the state affiliate political party in Kansas of the United States Republican Party.
 The Kansas Republican Party was organized in May 1859 and has been the dominant political party of Kansas ever since.
The Socialist Republican Party (Spanish: "Partido Republicano Socialista" , PRS), whose members were also known as "Saavedristas", was a political party in Bolivia.
 The Socialist Republican Party emerged on January 28, 1921, as the Republican Party was bifurcated on the same day Bautista Saavedra took office as President of the country.
 The Socialist Republican Party was formed by Saavedra's followers.
Karin Brownlee was a Republican member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 23rd District since 1996.
 She was nominated by Governor Sam Brownback to serve as his Secretary of Labor.
 Her nomination was confirmed by the State Senate and she subsequently resigned her Senate seat, effective January 10, 2011, when Governor Brownback was sworn in.
 She was later by her own report fired by Governor Brownback.
 She was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1996 and was the vice-chair of the Johnson County Republican Party from 1994 to 1996.
 She was also involved in the Kansas Republican Party State Committee from 1993 to 1996 and was chair of the Olathe Republican Party from 1992 to 1994.
The Republican Moderate Party of Alaska is a political party in Alaska formed by Ray Metcalfe in 1986 as an alternative to what Metcalfe perceived to be a Republican Party dominated by the Religious Right.
 Only one candidate has ever won an election, a 2002 race for the state senate, but that candidate (Thomas Wagoner) re-affiliated with the Republican Party the day after the election.
 The Republican Moderate Party has extensive litigation-related history, due in no small part to its minor party status.
 Previous cases have included ballot access rights and an early challenge to its name by the Republican Party of Alaska.
 After a record of success in the 1990s, its support has slowly dwindled, ending with just 0.63% of the 2002 gubernatorial election.
 State law requires that 3% of registered voters vote for a party or be registered to it for recognition.
 A court challenge initially overturned this law, holding that it was more restrictive than what the state required of independent candidates, but resulted in the original law being upheld by the Alaska Supreme Court on the grounds that a party candidate has more impact than an independent candidate.
 The party has since been recognized by the state again.
 As of October 2010 there were 2,719 members statewide.
The Mississippi Republican Party is the state affiliate of the United States Republican Party.
 The party chairman is Joe Nosef and is based in Jackson, Mississippi.
 The original Republican Party of Mississippi was founded following the American Civil War, the current incarnation of the Mississippi Republican Party was founded in 1956.
 The party would grow in popularity during the 1960s with wedge issues such as the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and today the party has the majority in the state.
The Nebraska Republican Party (NEGOP) is the affiliate of the Republican Party in Nebraska.
 The party is headed by Chairperson Dan Welch.
 Its headquarters are in Lincoln.
The Ukrainian Conservative Republican Party (Ukrainian: Українська консервативна республіканська партія ) was a political party in Ukraine in 1992 to 2001.
 It was created after a split in the Ukrainian Republican Party in 1992 led by Stepan Khmara.
 Later the party merged with the All-Ukrainian Union Fatherland, while the original Ukrainian Republican Party remained as an associate ally to Fatherland after merging with the Ukrainian People's Party Assembly.
