Paul Curtis Steelman, a native of Atlantic City, is an American architect that is recognized as a visionary designer of global entertainment, hospitality, and gaming architecture based in Las Vegas, Nevada and Macau.
 Paul has designed buildings for the mavericks of the gaming industry, including Kirk Kerkorian, Steve Wynn, Sheldon Adelson, Francis Lui, Lawrence Ho, Tan Sri Dato' Lim Kok Thay, Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong, Prince Albert of Monaco, Bob Stupak, Frank Modica, Phil Satre, Derek Stevens and Stanley Ho.
Fade Out: The Calamitous Final Days of MGM is a 1990 non-fiction book by Peter Bart which covers the history of MGM since 1969, when it was bought by Kirk Kerkorian.
 Bart was an executive at MGM in 1983 and 1984.
Kerkor "Kirk" Kerkorian (June 6, 1917 – June 15, 2015) was an Armenian-American businessman, investor, and philanthropist.
 He was the president and CEO of Tracinda Corporation, his private holding company based in Beverly Hills, California.
 Kerkorian is known for having been one of the important figures in the shaping of Las Vegas and, with architect Martin Stern, Jr. described as the "father of the mega-resort".
 He built the world's largest hotel in Las Vegas three times: the International Hotel (opened in 1969), the MGM Grand Hotel (1973) and the MGM Grand (1993).
 He purchased the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movie studio in 1969.
With Honors is a 1994 American comedy-drama film directed by Alek Keshishian and starring Brendan Fraser, Joe Pesci and Moira Kelly.
Jerome Bailey York (June 22, 1938 – March 18, 2010), commonly known as Jerry York, was an American businessman, and the Chairman, President and CEO of Harwinton Capital.
 He was the former CFO of IBM and Chrysler, and was CEO of Micro Warehouse.
 He was a chief aide to Kirk Kerkorian and his Tracinda investment company.
 In February 2006, Kerkorian helped elect York to the board of directors of General Motors, from which he had previously resigned.
Alek Keshishian (Armenian: Ալեք Գևորգի Քեշիշյան , born 30 July 1964 in Beirut, Lebanon) is an Armenian-American film and commercial director, writer, producer and music video director.
 He is best known for his 1991 film "" which was, at the time, the highest-grossing documentary of all time.
Tracinda Corporation is an American private investment corporation that was owned by the late Kirk Kerkorian.
 Its major investments include a minority interest of MGM Resorts International.
 Tracinda is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The company was named after Kerkorian's daughters, Tracy and Linda.
Gregson Edward Bautzer (April 3, 1911 – October 26, 1987) was an American attorney, representing such stars as Ginger Rogers, Ingrid Bergman and Joan Crawford, Kirk Kerkorian, Howard Hughes and William R. Wilkerson.
Frank E. Rosenfelt (November 15, 1921 – August 2, 2007) was an American executive who served as CEO of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) studio under MGM owner Kirk Kerkorian from 1972 until 1982.
 Additionally, Rosenfelt spearheaded the acquisition of United Artists by MGM in 1981.
W.E. (stylised as W./E.) is a 2011 British historical romantic drama film co-written and directed by Madonna.
 It stars Abbie Cornish, Andrea Riseborough, Oscar Isaac, Richard Coyle and James D'Arcy.
 The screenplay was co-written by Alek Keshishian, who previously worked with Madonna on her 1991 documentary "" and two of her music videos.
 The film was panned by critics and a box office bomb, returning only a small fraction of its budget in box office revenue.
