Amal Clooney ("née" Alamuddin, Arabic: أمل علم الدين‎ ‎ ; born 3 February 1978) is a barrister at Doughty Street Chambers, specialising in international law and human rights.
 Her clients include Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, in his fight against extradition.
 She has also represented the former prime minister of Ukraine, Yulia Tymoshenko, and Egyptian-Canadian journalist Mohamed Fahmy.
 She is married to the American actor George Clooney.
Doughty Street Chambers is a British set of barristers' chambers situated in Bristol, Manchester and London's Doughty Street, undertaking criminal justice, public law, immigration, employment, human rights and civil liberties work.
Doughty Street is a broad tree lined street in the Holborn district of the London Borough of Camden.
 The southern part is a continuation of the short John Street, which comes off Theobald's Road.
 The northern part crosses Guilford Street and ends at Mecklenburgh Square.
 The street is named after a landlord of the area at the time it was built, Henry Doughty.
Edward Hamilton Fitzgerald CBE QC is an English barrister who specialises in criminal law, public law, and international human rights law.
 His work against the death penalty has led him to represent despised criminals such as: Myra Hindley, a perpetrator in the Moors murders; Mary Bell, a child killer; Maxine Carr; Jon Venables, one of James Bulger's killers; various IRA prisoners; and Abu Hamza, the controversial Muslim cleric.
 Fitzgerald is currently the joint head of Doughty Street Chambers along with Geoffrey Robertson QC.
 Fitzgerald has been called to the Bar in a number of jurisdictions including Belize, Grenada and St Vincent, and has been granted rights of audience to appear in cases in Hong Kong, Trinidad and Tobago, St Lucia, Bahamas, and the British Virgin Islands.
 He is also a trustee and patron of a number of charities including The Death Penalty Project and The Longford Trust.
Shahram Taghavi is a barrister practising in the United Kingdom.
 He is a specialist in Judicial Review, Human Rights, Immigration and EU law.
 He was called to the England & Wales bar in 1994.
 He is a partner at Article 1, a law firm specialising in immigration, EU freedoms of movement and human rights law.
 He practised as an independent barrister at Doughty Street Chambers specialising in immigration and public law.
 He was head of both the Immigration and Public Law departments at Simons Muirhead & Burton solicitors.
 He was a Senior Barrister at Bates Wells & Braithwaite LLP as a member of their Public & Regulatory and Immigration departments, Deputy Head of Immigration at Lewis Silkin LLP, Head of Immigration at Charles Russell LLP (now Charles Russell Speechly LLP) and National Head of Immigration at Grant Thornton LLP.
Guglielmo Verdirame (born in Reggio di Calabria, Italy) is a Professor of International Law at King's College London in the Department of War Studies and the School of Law.
 He was previously a university lecturer in law at the University of Cambridge, Faculty of Law, and a Fellow of the Lauterpacht Centre for International Law.
 He practises as a barrister at 20 Essex Street Chambers.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland competed as Great Britain at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016.
 The United Kingdom was represented by the British Olympic Association (BOA), and the team of selected athletes was also known as Team GB.
 British athletes have appeared in every Summer Olympic Games of the modern era, alongside Australia, France, Greece, and Switzerland, though Great Britain is the only country to have won at least one gold medal at all of them.
 Although the British Olympic Association is the National Olympic Committee (NOC) for Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Northern Irish athletes can choose whether to compete for Great Britain or for the Republic of Ireland, as they are entitled to citizenship of either nation under the Good Friday Agreement.
 In 2016 Northern Ireland born representatives in Team GB included returning rowers Alan Campbell, Peter Chambers and Richard Chambers, archer Patrick Huston and four members of the men's field hockey team: David Ames, Mark Gleghorne, Iain Lewers and Ian Sloan.
 The team also represents, and included representation from, the Crown dependencies, among which were Guernsey's Heather Watson and Carl Hester, and from the ten of the thirteen British Overseas Territories represented by the BOA rather than their own NOC, whose representatives include Turks and Caicos-born sprinter Delano Williams and Anguillan-born long jumper Shara Proctor
18 Doughty Street was a British political Internet-based broadcaster that hosted a webcast as its chief product.
 It began broadcasting at 18:55 on 10 October 2006, from its studio at 18 Doughty Street in the Bloomsbury area of London, and ceased broadcasting at 23:00 on Thursday 8 November 2007.
 It claimed to be Britain's first Internet-based TV station.
Mónica Feria Tinta is a leading public international lawyer.
 She practises as a Barrister at 20 Essex Street Chambers.
 In 2000 she became the first Peruvian-born lawyer to receive the Diploma of the Hague Academy of International Law in history.
 Her litigation work led to the first international human rights court decision ordering the prosecution of a former Head of State for crimes under international law.
 She was awarded the Inge Genefke International Award for her work as an international lawyer in 2006 and was co-recipient of the Gruber Justice Prize 2007, for her contributions advancing the cause of justice as delivered through the legal system.
 She is a member of the Bar of England and Wales, and the American Society of International Law.
A pupil master ('pupilmaster' or 'pupil-master') or in the case of a female barrister, 'pupil mistress' etc., is the former name given to an experienced barrister who a pupil shadows during their pupillage.
 The term pupil master or mistress has now been replaced by the term 'pupil supervisor'.
 Barristers are called to the Bar via one of the four Inns of Court upon successful completion of the BPTC and having undertaken a required number of "qualifying sessions" in their chosen Inn of Court.
 In most cases, the newly called barrister is then required to undertake training for a period of at least a year before the barrister can start their own private practice.
 This training period is known as pupillage, usually split into two periods of six months known as "sixes".
 The first "six" is a non-practising six, during which the pupil will shadow their pupil master; the second is usually a practising "six", when the pupil, with their pupil master's permission, can undertake the supply of legal services and exercise rights of audience in court.
 Occasionally, a pupil barrister may undertake a third "six", extending the training period a further six months.
 At the end of pupillage, to continue practising the law, a barrister may attempt to become a tenant in a set of barristers' chambers, or find a position as an employed barrister.
