Dekalog (] , also known as "Dekalog: The Ten Commandments" and "The Decalogue") is a 1989 Polish television drama series directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and co-written by Kieślowski with Krzysztof Piesiewicz, with music by Zbigniew Preisner.
 It consists of ten one-hour films, inspired by the decalogue of the Ten Commandments.
 Each short film explores characters facing one or several moral or ethical dilemmas as they live in an austere housing project in 1980s Poland.
Personnel (Polish: "Personel" ) is a 1975 Polish television drama film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Juliusz Machulski, Michal Tarkowski, and Wlodzimierz Borunski.
 The film won the Grand Prize during the Mannheim International Filmfestival in October 1975 and numerous awards at national festivals, including the Grand Prix IV Koszalin Film Encounters "The Young and Film" in 1976.
 The film also won the Grand Prize in the field of television films in the Third Polish Film Festival in Gdańsk in 1976, where Kieślowski was also honored by the award of journalists.
 "Personnel" is Krzysztof Kieślowski's first feature-length film.
The Double Life of Veronique (French: La double vie de Veronique , Polish: Podwójne życie Weroniki ) is a 1991 French-Polish-Norwegian drama film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Irène Jacob.
 Written by Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz, the film explores the themes of identity, love, and human intuition through the characters of Weronika, a Polish choir soprano, and her double, Véronique, a French music teacher.
 The two women do not know each other, and yet they share a mysterious and emotional bond that transcends language and geography.
The "Three Colours" trilogy (Polish: "Trzy kolory" , French: "Trois couleurs" ) is a three-part film series directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski.
 Two of the films were made in French and one primarily in Polish: "" (1993), "" (1994), and "" (1994).
 All three were co-written by Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz (with story consultants Agnieszka Holland and Sławomir Idziak) and have musical scores by Zbigniew Preisner.
Requiem for my friend is a major and the first non-film musical work composed by Zbigniew Preisner.
 The composition was meant to honour the composer's late friend, the director Krzysztof Kieślowski, with whom he collaborated while working on a number of films, including the famous "Three Colours" trilogy.
 The album was released in 1998 although some parts of the work must have been ready upon Kieślowski's passing as Preisner asserted in an interview that "the Requiem had accompanied Krzysztof in his last journey".
Hell ("L'enfer") is a French film, released in 2005 and directed by Danis Tanović.
 It is based on a script originally drafted by Krzysztof Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz, which was meant to be the second film in a trilogy with the titles "Heaven", "Hell" and "Purgatory".
 The script was finished by Piesiewicz after Kieślowski died in 1996.
 The movie stars Emmanuelle Béart, Marie Gillain and Carole Bouquet.
A Short Film About Killing (Polish: "Krótki film o zabijaniu" ) is a 1988 film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Mirosław Baka, Krzysztof Globisz, and Jan Tesarz.
 Written by Krzysztof Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz, the film was expanded from "" of the Polish television series "Dekalog".
 Set in Warsaw, Poland, the film compares the senseless, violent murder of an individual to the cold, calculated execution by the state.
 "A Short Film About Killing" won both the Jury Prize and the FIPRESCI Prize at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival, as well as the European Film Award for Best Film.
The Fright of Real Tears: Krzysztof Kieślowski Between Theory and Post-Theory is a 2001 book by the Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek which uses free associative film interpretation to tangentially examine the films of Polish director Krzysztof Kieślowski while avoiding the debate between cognitive film theory and psychoanalytic film theory.
 It was published by the British Film Institute in 2001.
A Short Film About Love (Polish: "Krótki film o miłości" ) is a Polish romantic drama film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Grażyna Szapołowska and Olaf Lubaszenko.
 Written by Krzysztof Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz, the film is about a young post office worker deeply in love with a promiscuous older woman who lives in an adjacent apartment building.
 After spying on her through a telescope, he meets and declares his love for this jaded woman who long ago gave up on believing in love.
 She responds to his innocence by initiating him on the basic fact of life—that there is no love, only sex.
 "A Short Film About Love" is an expanded film version of "", part of Kieślowski's 1988 Polish language ten-part television series, "Dekalog".
 The film is set in Warsaw.
 The film was selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 61st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The Scar (Polish: "Blizna" ) is a 1976 Polish film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Franciszek Pieczka.
 Filmed on location in Olechów, Poland, the film is about a man put in charge of the construction of a large chemical factory in his home town in the face of strong opposition from the townspeople who are concerned with their short-term needs.
 The film received the Polish Film Festival Special Jury Prize (Krzysztof Kieslowski) and Best Actor Award (Franciszek Pieczka) in 1976.
 "The Scar" was Krzysztof Kieślowski's first theatrical feature film.
