Bossa Nova Hotel is the debut album of rock singer/guitarist Michael Sembello.
 The album contained ten tracks including the smash hit "Maniac" from the motion picture "Flashdance", which topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 in September 1983.
 The album itself peaked at #80 on the "Billboard" 200.
 "Automatic Man" and "Talk" were the other singles released from the album.
 "Automatic Man" had three other versions released on an LP and 45 single (which were the Extended mix, Instrumental mix and Single Version).
 The version of "Maniac" that appeared on the soundtrack to "Flashdance" is different from the one that appears on this album.
 "Maniac" also had remixed and instrumental versions of the song.
"Sugar" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida, featuring American pop/dance singer Wynter Gordon.
 The song's chorus samples the song "Blue (Da Ba Dee)" by Italian electronic music group Eiffel 65.
 The song was written by Flo Rida, The Jackie Boyz, Jeffrey Jey, Maurizio Lobina, and Massimo Gabutti, and was produced by DJ Montay for Flo Rida's second album, "R.O.O.T.S.".
 The song was released as the album's third official single in March 2009 as a digital download.
Maurizio Lobina (born 30 October 1973 in Asti) is an Italian musician and singer, most known as a member of the band Eiffel 65, an Italian group who hit big in 1999 with the mega-hit "Blue (Da Ba Dee)."
 Lobina created the melody for the song "Blue" on a keyboard and asked vocalist Jeffrey Jey to "come up with strange lyrics" to accompany his piano riff.
Crash Test 01 is the debut album of Bloom 06.
 The album was released on October 13, 2006.
 The album was to be Eiffel 65's fourth album but Eiffel 65 members Jeffrey Jey and Maurizio Lobina left Bliss Corporation to pursue interests in their own production company.
 The track "In the City", also the first single, is based on an Eiffel 65 song, "Living in My City" from their 2003 album "Eiffel 65".
This World and Body is the debut album by Marion released in 1996 on London Records.
 It reached #10 in the UK albums chart.
 The album contained the singles "Sleep", "Toys for Boys", "Let's All Go Together" and "Time".
 The vinyl LP also contained a free one-sided 7" single of the debut single "Violent Men".
Fine Young Cannibals were a British band formed in Birmingham, England in 1984, by bassist David Steele, guitarist Andy Cox (both formerly of The Beat), and singer Roland Gift (formerly of the Akrylykz).
 Their self-titled 1985 debut album contained "Johnny Come Home" and a cover of "Suspicious Minds", two songs that were top 40 hits in the UK, Canada, Australia and many European countries.
 Their 1988 album, "The Raw & the Cooked", topped the UK and US album charts, and contained their two "Billboard" Hot 100 number ones: "She Drives Me Crazy" and "Good Thing".
"My Way" is a 1998 single from Usher's 1997 album of the same name.
 It features an uncredited rap and background vocals from Jermaine Dupri.
 Despite moderate airplay, the single sold well and reached #2 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Its rise to #1, however, was halted due to the success of the mega-hit "The Boy Is Mine" by Brandy and Monica, during its 13-week run atop the summit.
 Due to the disappointment of the "Nice and Slow" single in the U.K., "My Way" was not released as a single there.
 The song features in the Refrain part of the lyrics and the music of the song by Lil' Troy "Wanna Be a Baller" from his debut album "Sittin' Fat Down South" published officially one month before Usher's song.
Next Time (Macedonian: "Некст Тајм" ) is the debut album of the Macedonian pop rock duo also called Next Time.
 The release of the album marked Next Time's fast gained success as part of the Macedonian music scene.
 After releasing 4 singles in just about 4 months, Next Time entered the studio for completing their first musical project and recorded 9 other songs.
 The finished album contained 13 songs, two of which were sung in a language other than Macedonian.
 It was a mix of slow and fast songs, topped with a bonus track in English and a cover from an old Italian pop-opera song.
 At the promotion for the album held in the hotel Holiday Inn in Skopje, Macedonia over 2,000 people were present to support the newly formed duo and their first album.
 After a brief note from producer Jovan Jovanov, the duo performed 6 songs from the CD live at the promotion to the pleasure of the gathered crowd.
The music video for Eiffel 65's "Blue (Da Ba Dee)" was released in 1999 by the BlissCoMedia, a computer graphics company of the Bliss Corporation, known at the time the video was produced and released as "BlissMultiMedia".
 The video featured computer graphics done in 3ds Max, and features Eiffel 65 members Maurizio Lobina and Gabry Ponte trying to save Jeffrey Jey from the aliens Zorotl and Sayok6.
 The video was later uploaded to the Bliss Corporation's official YouTube channel on September 2, 2009, where, as of July 2017, it has more than 120 million views.
Eiffel 65 is an Italian musical group consisting of Jeffrey Jey, Maurizio Lobina and Gabry Ponte.
 They are known mainly for their high-charting singles, "Blue (Da Ba Dee)" and "Move Your Body", and their 1999 studio album "Europop".
 Their next two albums, "Contact!
" (2001) and their 2003 self-titled album, did not have much international success but still managed to chart in Italy.
