Sultan Hasanuddin (Sultan Hasanuddin Tumenanga Ri Balla Pangkana; 12 January 1631 – 12 June 1670) was the 16th Ruler of The Sultanate of Gowa as Sombaya Ri Gowa XVI from 1653 to 1669.
 He was proclaimed as Indonesian National Hero on 6 November 1973.
 The Dutch called Sultan Hasanuddin "the fighting cock of the East" as he was described as aggressive in battle.
Casey County is a county located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 15,955.
 Its county seat is Liberty.
 The county was formed in 1806 from the western part of Lincoln County and named for Colonel William Casey, a pioneer settler who moved his family to Kentucky in 1779.
 It is the only Kentucky county entirely in the Knobs region.
 Casey County is home to annual Casey County Apple Festival, and is a prohibition or dry county.
 It is considered part of the Appalachian region of Kentucky.
Kentucky County (then alternately spelled Kentucke County) was formed by the Commonwealth of Virginia by dividing Fincastle County into three new counties: Kentucky, Washington, and Montgomery, effective December 31, 1776.
 During the three and one-half years of Kentucky County's existence, its seat of government was Harrodstown (then also known as Oldtown, later renamed Harrodsburg).
Fighting Cock is a brand of Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey produced in Bardstown, Kentucky by Heaven Hill Distilleries, Inc. It is sold in 16 oz (1 pint), 750ml, and 1-liter glass bottles.
Benjamin Logan (c.1742 – December 11, 1802) was an American pioneer, soldier, and politician from Shelby County, Kentucky.
 As colonel of the Kentucky County, Virginia militia during the American Revolutionary War, he was second-in-command of all the militia in Kentucky.
 He was also a leader in Kentucky's efforts to become a state.
 His brother, John Logan, was the first state treasurer of Kentucky.
The Fighting Cock is a 1963 Australian TV play.
 It is an adaptation of a play by Jean Anouilh whose original French title was L'Hurluberlu.
 In English, it had a run on Broadway, starring Rex Harrison.
The Modern Game is a breed of ornamental chicken which originated in England between 1850 and 1900.
 Purely an exhibition bird, Modern Game were developed to be most aesthetically pleasing and to epitomize the visual appeal of the gamecock or fighting cock.
The Fighting Cock Society (: انجمن هنری خروس جنگی) was a progressive body devoted to the promotion of modern arts, including painting, drama, music,poetry and literature, established in 1949 by Jalil Ziapour alongside other avant-garde poets and artists.
 Other founding members of the Association were Gholamhossein Gharib Gorgani (literature), Hassan Shirvani (theater) and Morteza Hannaneh (music).
 The society published a magazine with the same title.
 The headquarters of the society was Ziapour's studio on Takht-e-Jamshid Street.
 He declared the society's purpose to be "a fight against the unrealistic traditionalism of the time" and chose a verse by Farrukhi Sistani as the motto of the society: "The story of Alexander is old and turned into a myth/ Bring a new word, for there is another sweetness to the new"
A fighting cock is a rooster used in the blood sport of cockfighting.
John Logan (1747July 1807) was a pioneer and politician from the U.S. state of Virginia and later, Kentucky.
 He participated in Lord Dunmore's War in 1774, serving under his brother, Benjamin.
 After moving to Kentucky County, Virginia, he took part in several expeditions against the Shawnee, including some led by Daniel Boone, John Bowman, and George Rogers Clark.
 After Kentucky County was split into three counties, Logan represented his home county, Lincoln in the Virginia House of Delegates and at several of the conventions that effected the separation of Virginia from Kentucky.
