James Winfield Lyons (August 26, 1878 – September 10, 1947) was a politician in the Canadian province of Ontario, who served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1923 to 1934.
 Born in Virginia, Ontario, he married Angelina Hodgson in Toronto in 1898, and moved his growing family to Steelton, Ontario (later merged with Sault Ste. Marie) soon after the turn of the century.
 He served as mayor of Steelton and later of Sault Ste. Marie itself.
 He represented the electoral district of Sault Ste. Marie as a member of the Conservatives, and served as Minister of Lands and Forests in the government of Howard Ferguson from 1923 to 1926.
 As minister, his major contribution was the creation of the Ontario Provincial Air Service in 1924.
The Sault Ste. Marie International Bridge spans the St. Marys River between the United States and Canada connecting the twin cities of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan and Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.
 It serves as the northern terminus of Interstate 75 (I-75).
 The International Bridge began construction in 1960 and officially opened to traffic on October 31, 1962.
 Daily operation is carried on by the International Bridge Administration (IBA) under the supervision of the Sault Ste. Marie Bridge Authority (SSMBA).
 The SSMBA replaced the previous Joint International Bridge Authority (JIBA) in 2009, which in turn had succeeded the International Bridge Authority (IBA, created in 1935) in 2000.
Sault Ste. Marie is a city in, and the county seat of, Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 It is situated on the northeastern end of Michigan's Upper Peninsula, on the Canada–US border, and separated from its twin city of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, by the St. Marys River.
 The city is relatively isolated from other communities in Michigan and is 346 miles from Detroit.
 The population was 14,144 at the 2010 census, making it the second most populous city in the Upper Peninsula.
 By contrast, the Canadian Sault Ste. Marie is much larger, with more than 75,000 residents, based on more extensive industry developed in the 20th century and an economy with closer connections to other communities.
Gateway Casinos Sault Ste. Marie (formerly OLG Casino Sault Ste. Marie) is a casino in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.
 Owned an Operated by Burnaby based Gateway Casinos & Entertainment Ltd., it was Northern Ontario's first full-time casino when it opened in 1999.
 The casino is located near the International Bridge which links the city to Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.
Sault Ste Marie railway station in Sault Ste Marie, Ontario, Canada is a railway station which acts as the terminus for the Algoma Central Railway train service.
 The Algoma Central Railway is a subsidiary of Canadian National Railway.
 The station building and passenger platform are locating in the parking lot of Station Mall.
The Station Mall in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, is the second largest shopping mall in Northern Ontario, trailing just behind the New Sudbury Centre in Greater Sudbury in area, while also lagging behind the Intercity Shopping Centre in Thunder Bay in number of stores.
 Station Mall has 97 stores and 555000 sqft of retail space on one level .
 Built in 1973, the mall has since undergone two major expansions.
 Its major tenants include Sears, Walmart and the 52000 sqft Galaxy Cinemas movie theatre complex.
 The mall is located on the waterfront in downtown Sault Ste. Marie, and is roughly five minutes away from the Sault Ste. Marie International Bridge to the United States.
 The Sault Ste. Marie railway station is located in the mall parking lot.
The Sault Symphony Orchestra is a Canadian/American orchestra with offices in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.
 Its primary performance venues include the Kiwanis Community Theatre Centre and Central United Church in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, and St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral and the Soo Theatre in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.
 An average concert season consists of 4 to 6 concerts, plus a year-end fundraising event called Beer, Bratwurst and Beethoven.
 The
The Sault Ste. Marie Walk of Fame is a series of sidewalk markers located on Queen Street in downtown Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, adjacent to the Essar Centre sports arena.
 The Walk of Fame is a joint project between the city of Sault Ste. Marie and its Downtown Association, and honours those from the city or the Algoma District who have made outstanding contributions to the community or have made significant achievements in their chosen field(s) of work.
 Inductees are added on an annual basis.
The Sault Ste. Marie language resolution was a government motion passed on January 29, 1990 by Sault Ste. Marie City Council, the governing body of the city of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, which resolved that English was the sole working language of city government.
 The resolution ignited a national controversy which made the city a flashpoint in the Meech Lake Accord debate.
WKNW is a sports radio station broadcasting at 1400 kHz on the AM dial serving Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan and Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.
 The station is currently the ESPN Radio affiliate for the Sault Ste. Marie market, and is the market's only dedicated sports radio station.
 According to past editions of the "Broadcasting Yearbook", the station went on the air as WKNW in August 1990, after briefly holding the callsigns WBPW and WDHP before launch.
