John Gillett (1925–1995) was a British film critic and researcher whose career at the British Film Institute spanned over 44 years.
 He was also a programmer for the National Film Theatre on the works of Buster Keaton, early Russian cinema and Japanese cinema, to name a few.
 He wrote film reviews for "The Monthly Film Bulletin".
 With Ian Christie, he edited "Futurism/Formalism/FEKS: 'Eccentrism' and Soviet Cinema 1918-1936."
 He was also an editor of "Yasujiro Ozu: A Critical Anthology", with David Wilson.
Rafta, Rafta... is a comedy by British Pakistani playwright Ayub Khan-Din adapted from the 1963 Bill Naughton play, "All in Good Time".
 The play is set in the working class English town of Bolton, and examines a story of marital difficulties within an immigrant Indian family.
 Eeshwar Dutt is a first-generation immigrant and patriarch of the family.
 He has a troubled relationship with his newlywed son Atul, whose married life with Vina Patel has got off to a rocky start.
 The play deals with setting out and resolving these various conflicts.
East Is East is a 1996 play by Ayub Khan-Din, first produced by Tamasha Theatre Company in co-production with the Royal Court and Birmingham Repertory Theatre.
 It is often cited as one of the key works to bring Asian culture to mainstream British audiences.
 The play is published by Nick Hern Books.
All in Good Time is a British film directed by Nigel Cole.
 It is based on Ayub Khan-Din's 2007 play "Rafta, Rafta," which itself was based on a 1963 play and 1966 film by Bill Naughton, "All in Good Time" and "The Family Way."
West Is West is a 2010 British comedy-drama film, which is a sequel to the 1999 comedy "East Is East".
 It stars Om Puri, Linda Bassett, Aqib Khan, Ila Arun and Jimi Mistry, is written by Ayub Khan-Din, directed by Andy DeEmmony, and produced by Leslee Udwin for Assassin Films and BBC Films.
East Is East is a 1999 British comedy-drama film written by Ayub Khan-Din and directed by Damien O'Donnell.
 It is set in Salford, Lancashire, in 1971, in a mixed-ethnicity British household headed by Pakistani father George (Om Puri) and an English mother, Ella (Linda Bassett).
Idiot is a 1992 Hindi film based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel, "The Idiot".
 It was directed by Mani Kaul and starred Shah Rukh Khan and Ayub Khan-Din.
 The film debuted at the New York Film Festival in October 1992.
 In this version of the tale, placed in contemporary Mumbai, Prince Miskin (Khan-Din) is a man whose epilepsy is mistaken for idiocy.
Ayub Khan Din (born 1961) is a British Pakistani actor perhaps best known for his role of Sammy in Hanif Kureishi's film "Sammy and Rosie Get Laid" in (1987) and as the writer of the BAFTA, BIFA and London Film Critics Circle award-winning film "East Is East", based on the original 1996 play that was nominated for an Olivier Award in 1998.
 In 2008 his new comedy play "Rafta, Rafta..." won the Olivier Award that year.
 He also wrote the film sequel "West Is West" released in 2010.
Ben Keaton (born 1956) is an Irish actor who appeared as Jeff Brannigan in ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".
 He appeared in BBC's "Casualty" playing the part of Spencer between 1999-2002.
 He guest starred as Father Austin Purcell in "Think Fast, Father Ted", an episode of the Channel 4's sitcom "Father Ted".
 He had a small part in the British film "East is East" as a priest.
David Sutton (born 1966) is the current editor of the "Fortean Times" magazine.
 Sutton was born in Canterbury, Kent.
 He was educated at the University of East Anglia, University College London, Birkbeck College and the British Film Institute.
 He holds a doctorate, earned for his thesis on the origins and progress of British film comedy, and is the author of the book "A Chorus of Raspberries: British Film Comedy, 1929-1939".
