Enfants Terribles also Nana ET Matvey is an artist duo consisting of Nana Rosenørn Holland Bastrup (short: Nana Bastrup) (born 1987 in Copenhagen, Denmark) and Matvey Slavin (born 1987 in Leningrad - subsequently renamed St.Petersburg -, Russia).
 The duo was founded in Hamburg in 2012 and named after their installation "Enfants Terribles" which, in May 2012, was exhibited on the large paved area outside the Hamburger Kunsthalle in Hamburg.
 The installation "Enfants Terribles" was a homage to the spider sculpture "Maman" by Louise Bourgeois, and consisted of sixteen baby spiders around Bourgeois' existing sculpture.
Liquid Snake (Japanese: リキッド・スネーク , Hepburn: Rikiddo Sunēku ) is a fictional character from the "Metal Gear" franchise.
 He is the twin brother of series' protagonist Solid Snake and Solidus Snake as well as the second product of the "Les Enfants Terribles", a top-secret government project to artificially create soldiers through the DNA of Big Boss.
 He first appears as the antagonist in the original "Metal Gear Solid", where he leads the now rogue FOXHOUND unit in a hostile takeover of a nuclear disposal facility in Alaska.
 The character returns in the prequel "" as a child mercenary nicknamed the White Mamba (ホワイトマンバ , Howaito Manba ) with his real name revealed to be Eli (イーライ , Īrai ) .
Les Enfants Terribles ("The terrible children") is a 1950 French film directed by Jean-Pierre Melville and based on Jean Cocteau's novel of the same name.
 The first feature film of Melville, "Le Silence de la Mer" (1949), attracted the attention of Jean Cocteau, who commissioned him to direct the film version of "Les Enfants Terribles".
Jean Maurice Eugène Clément Cocteau (] ; 5 July 1889 – 11 October 1963) was a French writer, designer, playwright, artist and filmmaker.
 Cocteau is best known for his novel "Les Enfants Terribles" (1929), and the films "The Blood of a Poet" (1930), "Les Parents Terribles" (1948), "Beauty and the Beast" (1946) and "Orpheus" (1949).
 His circle of associates, friends and lovers included Kenneth Anger, Pablo Picasso, Gertrude Stein, Jean Hugo, Jean Marais, Henri Bernstein, Yul Brynner, Marlene Dietrich, Coco Chanel, Erik Satie, Albert Gleizes, Igor Stravinsky, Marie Laurencin, María Félix, Édith Piaf, Panama Al Brown, Colette, Jean Genet, and Raymond Radiguet.
Jimmie LeBlanc (born 1977) is a Canadian composer and guitarist.
 His music has been performed throughout his native country by such ensembles as the Ensemble Contrechamps, Hwaum Chamber Ensemble, Kore Ensemble, Les Enfants Terribles, Nouvel Ensemble Moderne, Pentaèdre, Quatuor Bozzini, and the Trio Fibonacci.
 In 2007 he was a finalist in the 4th Seoul International Competition for Composers and in 2008 he received the Lutoslawski Award.
 In 2009 he was awarded the Jules Léger Prize for New Chamber Music for the work "L’Espace intérieur du monde".
Marie-France Alvarez is a French actress.
 Born in Paris, she now resides in London.
 She trained at LAMDA in London and L'école des Enfants Terribles in Paris.
Les Enfants Terribles is a 1929 novel by Jean Cocteau, published by Editions Bernard Grasset.
 It concerns two siblings, Elisabeth and Paul, who isolate themselves from the world as they grow up, an isolation which is shattered by the stresses of their adolescence.
 It was first translated into English by Samuel Putnam in 1930 and published by Brewer & Warren Inc.
 A later English translation was made by Rosamond Lehmann in 1955, and published by New Directions (ISBN  ) in the U.S., and Mclelland & Stewart in Canada in 1966, with the title translated as "The Holy Terrors".
 The book is illustrated by the author's own drawings.
Les Enfants Terribles (LET) is a theatre ensemble based out of Chicago, Illinois.
 They practice the traditional French clowning style of bouffon.
Les Enfants Terribles is a phrase in French that translates as "the terrible children" or "the holy terrors", and may refer to:
The Holy Innocents (1988) is a novel by Gilbert Adair about incestuous siblings and the stranger who enters their world.
 Its themes were inspired by Jean Cocteau's novel "Les Enfants Terribles" ("The Holy Terrors") and by the film of the same name directed by Jean-Pierre Melville.
