The Brotonne Bridge ("pont de Brotonne") is a bridge in the region of Upper Normandy in France, situated between the cities of Le Havre and Rouen.
 It has crossed the Seine since 1977, to the east of the commune of Caudebec-en-Caux.
 Its construction was financed by the General council of Seine-Maritime for the purpose of opening up the Pays de Caux and assuring a connection between the commune of Yvetot and the A13 autoroute by way of the forêt de Brotonne ("Brotonne forest"), from which the bridge gets its name.
 Only two bridges are located further downstream the Seine from the pont de Brotonne: the Pont de Tancarville and the Pont de Normandie.
La Motte-Picquet – Grenelle is a station of the Paris Métro, at the interconnection of lines 6, 8 and 10 in the 15th "arrondissement", near the 7th "arrondissement".
 The station combines underground and elevated platforms.
 It is named after the "Avenue de la Motte-Picquet" and the "Boulevard de Grenelle", as the station is located at the intersection of these two streets.
 It is a major Paris Metro interconnection on the Rive Gauche, and the most important west of Montparnasse.
The Flame of Liberty ("Flamme de la Liberté") in Paris is a full-sized, gold-leaf-covered replica of the new flame at the upper end of the torch carried in the hand of the Statue of Liberty ("Liberty Enlightening the World") at the entrance to the harbor of New York City since 1886.
 The monument, which measures approximately 3.5 metres in height, is a sculpture of a flame, executed in gilded copper, supported by a pedestal of gray-and-black marble.
 It is located near the northern end of the Pont de l'Alma, on the Place de l'Alma, in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.
Dupleix is an elevated station of the Paris Métro serving line 6 along "Boulevard de Grenelle" in the 15th arrondissement.
 The track and station form an elevated viaduct in the centre of and above "Boulevard de Grenelle".
 There is an open street market under the station twice a week.
The pont de Grenelle is a bridge in Paris, France, that crosses the Seine river.
 It connects the city's 15th and 16th arrondissements, and passes through the Île aux Cygnes.
 Constructed of steel, it is a girder bridge.
 The current bridge was constructed in 1966, replacing an earlier bridge that had stood since 1873.
 The bridge passes behind a replica of the Statue of Liberty.
The Musée de Radio France was a museum operated by Radio France and located in the Maison de Radio-France, near the Pont de Grenelle in the XVIe arrondissement at 116, avenue du Président Kennedy, Paris, France.
 The museum was established in 1966, and contained a remarkable collection of radios and televisions from their origins to the present day, including the 1793 telegraph by Claude Chappe and early crystal radios.
 The museum's 2000 objects include prototypes and commercial devices, archival documents, photographs, and manuscripts, replicas of early radio laboratories and studios, and exhibits featuring research by Edouard Branly, Lee de Forest, Heinrich Hertz, Guglielmo Marconi, James Clerk Maxwell, and Alexander Stepanovich Popov.
 In 2007, the museum was closed to the public due to the renovation of the Maison de Radio France.
The Pont de la Concorde is an arch bridge across the River Seine in Paris connecting the Quai des Tuileries at the Place de la Concorde (on the Right Bank) and the Quai d'Orsay (on the Left Bank).
 It has formerly been known as the Pont Louis XVI, Pont de la Révolution, Pont de la Concorde, Pont Louis XVI again during the Bourbon Restoration (1814), and again in 1830, Pont de la Concorde, the name it has retained to this day.
 It is served by the Metro stations Assemblée nationale and Concorde.
Éleuthère Irénée du Pont de Nemours (24 June 1771 – 31 October 1834), known as Irénée du Pont, or E. I. du Pont, was a French-American chemist and industrialist who founded the gunpowder manufacturer E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company.
 His descendants, the Du Pont family, have been one of America's richest and most prominent families since the 19th century, with generations of influential businessmen, politicians and philanthropists.
The Pont De Rennes bridge is located in the Brown's Race Historic District of Rochester New York at the base of the High Falls where it spans the Genesee River.
 The Pont De Rennes bridge formerly carried Platt Street over the river but was converted to pedestrian use in 1982 as part of a redevelopment of the High Falls area as an entertainment area.
 The bridge was renamed the Pont De Rennes for Rochester's sister city Rennes in France as part of the conversion.
 The Pont De Rennes bridge provides unobstructed views of the High Falls and downstream gorge.
Magic-City was an amusement park near Pont de l'Alma, two blocks east of the Eiffel Tower, in Paris, France from 1900 to 1934.
