Akira Terao (寺尾 聰 , Terao Akira , born May 18, 1947) is a Japanese musician, singer and movie actor.
 He is the eldest son of actor Jūkichi Uno.
 Terao is known for wearing sunglasses and for his expressions of nihilism.
 Because he has two moles on one cheek, he has the nickname of "hoppe" (ボッペ), meaning "cheek".
 He attended schools Wako Gakuen, Hosei University Daini Senior High School, and graduated from the vocational school Bunka Gakuin.
The promotional agencies to which he has belonged are, in order, Horipro, Ishihara International Productions, Inc., and "Terao Ongaku Jimusho" (寺尾音楽事務所), literally "Terao Music Offices," his own, personal office.
 As of 2012, he is the only male actor to have received both the Japan Record Award and the Japan Academy Award for Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role.
3: The Dale Earnhardt Story is a 2004 television movie produced by ESPN depicting the life of NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt.
 It chronicles his life from his humble upbringing in Kannapolis, North Carolina, throughout his career racing automobiles to include his rise to dominance in NASCAR, culminating with his death in the final lap of the 2001 Daytona 500.
 Its central theme focuses on the relationship between him and his father, Ralph Earnhardt, as well as the relationship between him and his youngest son, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. It was first broadcast on December 11, 2004, and subsequently released on DVD.
 Barry Pepper was cast in the lead role to star as Earnhardt; giving a credible performance which earned him a nomination for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie.
Mohammad-Reza Foroutan (Persian: محمد رضا فروتن‎ ‎ , born December 28, 1968 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian actor.
 He graduated with a master's degree in clinical psychology from Azad University and now is a Ph.D candidate of Health Psychology.
 He has passed some free courses in acting.
 His first film was "Goal".
 After some minor roles his performance in an episode of TV series "The Clue" revealed his capabilities and Masoud Kimiay chose him for the leading role of Mercedes.
 He has been acting as actor for more than two decades and received several awards including best male actor award for acting in Germez 1999 Fajr International Film Festival and best male actor award for acting in  Be Ahestegi  Fajr International Film Festival 2005.
Posse is a 1975 American Western film, produced by, directed by and starring Kirk Douglas.
 The screenplay was written by Christopher Knopf and William Roberts.
 The plot centers on a U.S. marshal with political ambitions leading an elite posse in pursuit of a notorious bank robber to further his political career.
 The film premiered in New York City on June 4, 1975, and in June the same year in Berlin at the 25th Berlin International Film Festival, where Douglas also was nominated for the Golden Bear.
The Choirboys is a 1977 American comedy-drama film directed by Robert Aldrich, written by Christopher Knopf and Joseph Wambaugh based on Wambaugh's novel of the same title.
 It features an ensemble cast including Charles Durning, Louis Gossett, Jr., Randy Quaid, and James Woods.
 The film was released to theaters by Universal Pictures on December 23, 1977.
Jacob Tremblay ( ; born October 5, 2006) is a Canadian child actor.
 His breakout performance was his co-starring role as Jack Newsome in "Room" (2015), for which he won the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Young Performer and the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role, and was nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role.
Pope John Paul II is a 1984 American biopic drama television film based on the life of Karol Wojtyła, from his early days as an activist in Poland to his installation as Pope John Paul II.
 Written by Christopher Knopf and directed by Herbert Wise, the film stars Albert Finney, Caroline Bliss, Brian Cox, and John Forgeham.
 The film marks both Albert Finney's American television debut and the first script Finney had ever turned down upon initial reading.
Sverrir Gudnason (in Icelandic "Sverrir Páll Guðnason"), born 12 September 1978 in Lund, Sweden, is a Swedish actor of Icelandic origin.
 He starred in the 2007 television series How Soon Is Now.
 Gudnason was born in Sweden, but brought up in Reykjavík, Iceland.
 He moved with his family to Tyresö, Sweden in 1990 when his father found work as a professor at the Royal Institute of Technology.
 At the 2009 Shanghai International Film Festival he received the award for best male actor for his role in the Swedish/Danish film "Original".
 He has since played the role of Pontus Höijer in the second series of "Wallander" as well as leading roles in productions at both Gothenburg's and Stockholm's city theatres.
Mahmoud (or Mahmud) Shalaby, or Mahmood Shalabi (Arabic: محمود شلبي‎ ‎ ; Hebrew: מחמוד שלאבי‎ ‎ or מחמוד שלבי), is an Arab-Israel actor born on July 19, 1982, in Acre, Israel.
 He has appeared in several films produced or co-produced in France and received the award for best male actor at the Film Festival of La Réunion in 2011 for the role of Naïm in the film "A Bottle in the Gaza Sea", directed by Thierry Binisti and adapted from the novel "Une bouteille dans la mer de Gaza" by Valérie Zenatti.
 He was honored with two other awards at the same festival.
20 Million Miles to Earth (a.k.a.
 The Beast from Space) is a 1957 American black-and-white science fiction giant monster film, produced by Charles H. Schneer's Morningside Productions for Columbia Pictures, directed by Nathan H. Juran, that stars William Hopper, Joan Taylor, and Frank Puglia.
 The screenplay was written by Bob Williams and Christopher Knopf from an original treatment by Charlott Knight.
 As with several other Schneer-Columbia collaborations, the film was developed to showcase the stop-motion animation of Ray Harryhausen.
