Star Wars: Racer Arcade is a 2000 arcade racing game developed by AM5 and LucasArts and released by Sega.
 It is based on the podracing sequences in the 1999 film, "", and the controls are replicas of podracer controls.
 It was first unveiled at ATEI in London in 2000.
 It features four tracks are Tatooine (Easy) Bantha Tracks, Etti IV (Normal) Smuggler's Cove, Malastare (Hard) Pixelito Challenge has four laps and Tatooine (Expert) Boonta Eve Classic has three laps .
 Four Podracer pilots are available for play, including Anakin Skywalker, Ben Quadinaros, Gasgano and Sebulba.
 The player controls the podracer via two handheld throttle controls, similar to how pods are controlled in the film.
 It was available in multiple configurations, one of which was a twin type; two individual games joined in the center.
 It was the final "Star Wars" game developed by Sega.
 The deluxe cabinet featured a 50" screen and was molded to appear like the cockpit of Anakin Skywalker's podracer.
 Up to four cabinets could be linked for multiplayer.
 Kotaku's Lewis Packwood called the "fancier, beefier version of ""."
Padmé Amidala (born Padmé Naberrie) is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise, appearing in the prequel trilogy portrayed by actress Natalie Portman.
 She served as the Princess of Theed and later Queen of Naboo.
 After her reign, she became a senator in the Galactic Senate, an anti-war movement spokesperson, and co-founder of the opposition-faction that later emerged as the Rebel Alliance.
 She was secretly married to the Jedi Anakin Skywalker, and the biological mother of Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa, which makes her the mother-in-law of Han Solo, and the grandmother of Kylo Ren.
Princess Leia's bikini (also known as Princess Leia's metal bikini) is an iconic costume worn by actress Carrie Fisher as Princess Leia in the 1983 "Star Wars" film "Return of the Jedi".
Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan (also Senator Leia Organa or General Leia Organa) is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise, portrayed in films by Carrie Fisher.
 Introduced in the original "Star Wars" film in 1977, Leia is princess of the planet Alderaan, a member of the Imperial Senate and an agent of the Rebel Alliance.
 She thwarts the sinister Sith Lord Darth Vader and helps bring about the destruction of the Empire's cataclysmic superweapon, the Death Star.
 In "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), Leia commands a Rebel base and evades Vader as she falls in love with the smuggler, Han Solo.
 In "Return of the Jedi" (1983), Leia leads the operation to rescue Han from the crime lord Jabba the Hutt, and is revealed to be Vader's daughter and the twin sister of Luke Skywalker.
 The prequel film "" (2005) establishes that the twins' mother is Senator (and former queen) Padmé Amidala of Naboo, who dies after childbirth.
 Leia is adopted by Senator Bail and Queen Breha Organa of Alderaan.
 In "" (2015), Leia is the founder and General of the Resistance against the First Order and has a son with Han named Ben, who goes by the name Kylo Ren.
Darth Vader, also known by his birth name Anakin Skywalker, is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise.
 Vader appears in the original film trilogy as a pivotal antagonist whose actions drive the plot, while his past as Anakin Skywalker and the story of his corruption are central to the narrative of the prequel trilogy.
Jacen Solo is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" expanded universe.
 The son of Han Solo and Leia Organa Solo and the nephew of Luke Skywalker, he is a major character in several "Star Wars" novels, particularly the "New Jedi Order" series.
 He becomes the antagonist of the "Legacy of the Force" series, later known as Darth Caedus.
 He is the brother of Anakin Solo and Jaina Solo, grandson of Anakin Skywalker, and cousin of Ben Skywalker.
Luke Skywalker is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the original film trilogy of the "Star Wars" franchise created by George Lucas.
 The character, portrayed by Mark Hamill, is an important figure in the Rebel Alliance's struggle against the Galactic Empire.
 He is the twin brother of Rebellion leader Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan, a friend and brother-in-law of smuggler Han Solo, an apprentice to Jedi Masters Obi-Wan "Ben" Kenobi and Yoda, the son of fallen Jedi Anakin Skywalker (Darth Vader) and Queen of Naboo/Republic Senator Padmé Amidala and maternal uncle of Kylo Ren / Ben Solo.
 The now non-canon "Star Wars" expanded universe depicts him as a powerful Jedi Master, husband of Mara Jade, the father of Ben Skywalker and maternal uncle of Jaina, Jacen and Anakin Solo.
The Courtship of Princess Leia is a 1994 bestselling "Star Wars" book by Dave Wolverton.
 It continued the streak of "New York Times" Bestsellers, which started with 1991's "Heir to the Empire".
 "The Courtship of Princess Leia" is set in the "Star Wars" expanded universe, and deals with the downfall of Warlord Zsinj and the circumstances leading to the marriage of Han Solo and Princess Leia.
Star Wars (later retitled Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope) is a 1977 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas.
 It is the first film in the original "Star Wars" trilogy, the first "Star Wars" movie in general, and the beginning of the "Star Wars" franchise.
 Starring Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing, Alec Guinness, David Prowse, James Earl Jones, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, and Peter Mayhew, the film's plot focuses on the Rebel Alliance, led by Princess Leia (Fisher), and its attempt to destroy the Galactic Empire's space station, the Death Star.
 This conflict disrupts the isolated life of farmhand Luke Skywalker (Hamill), who inadvertently acquires a pair of droids that possess stolen architectural plans for the Death Star.
 When the Empire begins a destructive search for the missing droids, Skywalker accompanies Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi (Guinness) on a mission to return the plans to the Rebel Alliance and rescue Leia from her imprisonment by the Empire.
Star Wars Episode I Journal: Anakin Skywalker is a 1999 young adult novel by science fiction author Todd Strasser.
 The novel recounts the events of the film "" (1999) from the point of view of one of its main characters, Anakin Skywalker.
