Illankai Tamil Arasu Kachchi (ITAK) (Tamil: இலங்கைத் தமிழரசுக் கட்சி , Sinhalese: ඉලංගෙයි තමිළ් අරසු කච්චි ) is a Sri Lankan political party which represents the Sri Lankan Tamil ethnic minority in the country.
 It was originally formed in 1949 as breakaway faction of the All Ceylon Tamil Congress (ACTC).
 In 1972 ITAK merged with the ACTC and Ceylon Workers' Congress (CWC) to form the Tamil United Front, which later changed its name to Tamil United Liberation Front.
 ITAK remained dormant until 2004 when a split in the TULF resulted in ITAK being re-established as an active political party.
 ITAK is constituent party of the Tamil National Alliance.
Lal R. Jayawardena (Sinhala:ලාල් ජයවර්ධන) (1935–2004) was a noted Sri Lankan economist and diplomat.
 He was the first director of the World Institute for Development Economics Research (WIDER) (1985–1993) and Sri Lankan Treasury Secretary in the 1970s.
 Jayawardena had served as Sri Lankan Ambassador to the EEC, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands (1978–82) and Sri Lanka's High Commissioner to the UK and Ireland (1999–2000).
 He was an Economic Adviser to the Sri Lankan President and Deputy Chairman of the Sri Lankan National Development Council.
Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal (TMVP) (Tamil: தமிழ் மக்கள் விடுதலைப்புலிகள் , English: Tamil Peoples Liberation Tigers ), previously known as the "Karuna Group", is a political party in Sri Lanka.
 It was formed by Karuna Amman, a former leader of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, after he defected from the organization in 2004.
 Initially a paramilitary group that helped the Sri Lankan Government fight the Tamil Tigers, the TMVP was registered as a political party in 2007.
 Under deputy leader Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan, they contested their first provincial elections in 2008, winning a majority in the Eastern Provincial Council.
 Members of the TMVP continue to carry arms under the auspices of the Sri Lankan government, which they claim is for their own safety from the Tamil Tigers, who carry out repeated attacks against them.
 The group is believed to be working with the Sri Lankan Army.
 They have been accused of human rights violation by local and international human rights organization.
The Tamil National Liberation Alliance (TNLA) was a Sri Lankan political alliance representing the Sri Lankan Tamil ethnic minority in the country.
 It was launched on 22 February 2010 as breakaway faction of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA).
 In June 2011 the party was dissolved and its leaders rejoined Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization and the TNA.
The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (Sinhalese: ශ්‍රී ලංකා නිදහස් පක්ෂය "Sri Lanka Nidahas Pakshaya" , Tamil: இலங்கை சுதந்திரக் கட்சி ) is one of the major political parties in Sri Lanka.
 It was founded by S.W.R.D Bandaranaike in 1951 and, since then, has been one of the two largest parties in the Sri Lankan political arena.
 It first came to power in 1956 and since then has been the predominant party in government on a number of occasions.
 The party is generally considered as having a democratic socialist or progressive economic agenda and is often associated with nationalist Sinhala parties.
 The Sri Lanka Freedom Party is a main constituent party in the United People's Freedom Alliance.
Sri Lankan Tamil militant groups rose to prominence in the 1970s to fight the state of Sri Lanka in order to create an independent Tamil Eelam in the north of Sri Lanka.
 They rose in response to the perception among minority Sri Lankan Tamils that the state was preferring the majority Sinhalese for educational opportunities and government jobs.
 By the end of 1987, the militants had fought not only the Sri Lankan security forces but also the Indian Peace Keeping Force.
 They also fought among each other briefly, with the main Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebel group dominating the others.
 The militants represented inter-generational tensions, as well as the caste and ideological differences.
 Except for the LTTE, many of the remaining organizations have morphed into minor political parties within the Tamil National Alliance, or as standalone political parties.
 Some Tamil militant groups also functioned as paramilitaries within the Sri Lankan military against separatist militants .
Nationalism is a range of political, social, and economic systems characterized by promoting the interests of a particular nation, particularly with the aim of gaining and maintaining self-governance, or full sovereignty, over the group's homeland.
 The political ideology therefore holds that a nation should govern itself, free from unwanted outside interference, and is linked to the concept of self-determination.
 Nationalism is further oriented towards developing and maintaining a national identity based on shared characteristics such as culture, language, race, religion, political goals or a belief in a common ancestry.
 Nationalism therefore seeks to preserve the nation's culture.
 It often also involves a sense of pride in the nation's achievements, and is closely linked to the concept of patriotism.
 In some cases, nationalism referred to the belief that a nation should be able to control the government and all means of production.
Crocidura hikmiya (Sinharaja shrew or Sri Lankan rain forest shrew) is a species of shrew described from the rainforests of Sri Lanka, based on both morphological and molecular data.
 Its closest sister species is the Sri Lankan long-tailed shrew, another Sri Lankan crocidurine shrew restricted to the high-elevation habitats of the Central Highlands.
 "C. hikmiya" has a shorter tail than the Sri Lankan long-tailed shrew; most of the other characteristics that distinguish the two species are osteological in nature .
After the independence of Sri Lanka in 1948, Sri Lankan Tamil dramas started to develop in Tamil populated areas and in Colombo.
 Sri Lankan Tamil dramas can be categorized by regional identities.
 Jaffna, Colombo, Batticaloa, Mannar and Hill country are some of the regions which have developed dramas involving their traditional identity.
 Sri Lankan Tamil electronic media has played an important role in establishing the identity Tamil people in Sri Lanka.
 Ethnic conflict has had an effect on the scale of the Sri Lankan Tamil dramas.
The Sri Lankan Civil war was very costly, killing over 100,000+ civilians and 50,000+ fighters from both sides of the conflict.
 The "Tamil Centre for Human Rights" recorded that from 1983 to 2004, 47,556 Tamil civilians were murdered by both the Sri Lankan government and IPKF forces.
 Another organization called NESOHR published that from the beginning of the war to the , 4000 to 5000 Tamil civilians were killed in large scale massacres, with a total civilian death of around 40,000.
 Civilian casualties that occurred on 2009 is of major controversy, as there were no organizations to record the events during the final months of the war.
 The Sri Lankan government revealed that 9,000 people were killed in the final months of the war, but it did not differentiate between LTTE cadres and civilians.
 The UN, based on credible witness evidence from aid agencies and civilians evacuated from the "Safe Zone" by sea, estimated that 6,500 civilians were killed and another 14,000 injured between mid-January 2009, when the "Safe Zone" was first declared, and mid-April 2009.
 There are no official casualty figures after this period but estimates of the death toll for the final four months of the civil war (mid-January to mid-May) range from 15,000 to 20,000.
 A US State Department report has suggested that the actual casualty figures were probably much higher than the UN's estimates and that significant numbers of casualties weren't recorded.
 A former UN official has claimed that up to 40,000 civilians may have been killed in the final stages of the civil war.
 Several human rights groups have even claimed that the death toll in the last months of the war could be 70,000.
 The Sri Lankan government has denied all claims of causing mass casualties against Tamils, arguing that it was "taking care not to harm civilians".
 Instead, it has blamed the LTTE for the high casualty numbers, stating that they used the civilians as human shields.
 Both the Sri Lankan government and the LTTE have been accused by the U.N for war crimes during the last phase of the war.
