Mamma Mia!
 (promoted as Benny Andersson & Björn Ulvaeus' Mamma Mia!
 and Mamma Mia!
 The Smash Hit Musical) is a jukebox musical written by British playwright Catherine Johnson, based on the songs of ABBA, composed by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, former members of the band.
 The title of the musical is taken from the group's 1975 chart-topper "Mamma Mia".
 Ulvaeus and Andersson, who composed the original music for ABBA, were involved in the development of the show from the beginning.
 Singer Anni-Frid Lyngstad has been involved financially in the production and she has also been present at many of the premieres around the world.
Göran Bror Benny Andersson (] ; born 16 December 1946) is a Swedish musician, composer, member of the Swedish music group ABBA (1972–1982), and co-composer of the musicals "Chess", "Kristina från Duvemåla", and "Mamma Mia!
".
 For the 2008 film version of "Mamma Mia!"
, he worked also as an executive producer.
 Since 2001, he is active with his own band Benny Anderssons orkester.
Mamma Mia!
 The Movie Soundtrack is the soundtrack album for the 2008 Universal Pictures musical film "Mamma Mia!
", based on the stage musical of the same name.
 It features performances by the film's cast including Meryl Streep, Amanda Seyfried, Pierce Brosnan, Dominic Cooper, Stellan Skarsgård, Colin Firth, Julie Walters, Christine Baranski, Ashley Lilley, and Rachel McDowall.
 The recording was produced by Benny Andersson who along with Björn Ulvaeus had produced the original ABBA recordings.
 Also many of the musicians from the original ABBA recordings participated in making the soundtrack album.
 In keeping with the setting, the musical arrangements featured the use of traditional Greek instruments, most noticeably the bouzouki.
Judy Craymer {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} , is an English creator and producer of musical theatre who has also worked extensively in the film, television and music industries.
 She is also the founder of Littlestar Services Ltd.
 Craymer has achieved international popular success in musical theatre, in particular her work on "Mamma Mia!
" which has been seen by more than 60 million people worldwide.
 Craymer was nominated for the "Carl Foreman award for special achievement by a British director, writer or producer in their first feature film" at the 62nd British Academy Film Awards for the film version of "Mamma Mia!"
 She has been dubbed "the greatest showbiz impresario" of the first decade of the 21st century and has consequently been entered in Debrett’s.
Happy Sunday (Korean: 해피 선데이 ) is a Korean reality-variety show shown on the KBS2 network, which competes directly against MBC's "Sunday Night" and SBS's "Good Sunday" line-up.
 Although it has been broadcast since 2003, its line-up of shows has frequently changed, with a complete revamp occurring in Spring of 2007.
 At that time, three new shows were introduced – "Are You Ready", "High-Five", and "Immortal Songs".
 Due to its poor reception, "Are You Ready" quickly evolved into "1 Night 2 Days", with most of its cast intact.
 In late November 2008, "Happy Sunday" had a revamp of its shows keeping "1 Night 2 Days" as the second segment and bringing back "Immortal Songs" which was previously liked by viewers.
 However in late March, "Immortal Songs" ended once again and was replaced with "Qualifications of Men", making "Happy Sunday" an all-male cast, with a total of 14 members.
 In 2013, "Qualifications of Men" was cancelled and replaced with "Star Family Show Mamma Mia".
 On November 3, 2013 "Star Family Show Mamma Mia" was moved to Wednesday nights and replaced with "The Return of Superman".
Björn Kristian Ulvaeus (] ) (born 25 April 1945; credited as Björn Ulvæus) is a Swedish songwriter, producer, a former member of the Swedish musical group ABBA (1972–1982), and co-composer of the musicals "Chess", "Kristina från Duvemåla", and "Mamma Mia!
".
 He co-produced the film "Mamma Mia!"
 with fellow ABBA member and close friend Benny Andersson.
Mamma Mia!
 Original Cast Recording is the original cast album for the 1999 English stage musical "Mamma Mia!
".
 The album was released in 1999 and it reached No.56 in the UK album chart, with 2 weeks on the chart.
 Mamma Mia!
 reinvigorated the popularity of ABBA (the film soundtrack was the best-selling album of the week and several songs made the top #75 in the UK singles chart).
 The re-interest in this 1999 Original London Cast album caused it to reach #12 in the UK Album Chart, having charted at #16 a week earlier.
 It features performances by the original London cast of the musical including Lisa Stokke, Siobhán McCarthy and Hilton McRae.
 The album was produced by the two male members of ABBA, Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus
Rachel Rockwell is an American theater director, choreographer and performer.
 She graduated from the School for Creative and Performing Arts (Cincinnati) and has a BFA in Theater Performance from the University of Evansville (IN).
 She moved to Chicago in 1991 and began performing and choreographing.
 She has appeared on Broadway in Mamma Mia!
 and the national tours of Mamma Mia!
 (Equity Dance Captain); and Harold Prince's Showboat.
 In 2010, she was named "Best Director" by Chicago Magazine.
 and Chicagoan of the Year: Theater 2012 by the Chicago Tribune.
 In July 2014, Goodman Theatre, in association with Liza Lerner and Kevin McCollum, produced the first major revival of Brigadoon in two decades—directed and choreographed by Rockwell, who, with Brian Hill (author), updated the book, with permission from the Lerner and Loewe estates.
 In his New York Times review, Charles Isherwood called her production "a first-class revival that boasts an infectious buoyancy of spirit and a welcome absence of postmodern flourishes."
 Her productions of "Ride The Cyclone" and "Billy Eliot" were named two of the Top Ten productions in Chicago for 2015.
 Her U.S. premiere Chicago Shakespeare Theatre production of "Ride The Cyclone" was then produced Off-Broadway at MCC Theater, and named Best of 2016 by the New York Times.
 She directed the World Premiere of "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" at Minneapolis Children's Theatre in April, 2016.
Mamma Mia!
 (promoted as Mamma Mia!
 The Movie) is a 2008 British-American-Swedish musical romantic comedy film adapted from the 1999 West End/2001 Broadway musical of the same name, based on the songs of successful pop group ABBA, with additional music composed by ABBA member Benny Andersson.
 The film was directed by Phyllida Lloyd and distributed by Universal Pictures in partnership with Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson's Playtone and Littlestar, and the title originates from ABBA's 1975 chart-topper "Mamma Mia".
 Meryl Streep heads the cast, playing the role of single mother Donna Sheridan.
 Pierce Brosnan (Sam Carmichael), Colin Firth (Harry Bright), and Stellan Skarsgård (Bill Anderson) play the three possible fathers to Donna's daughter, Sophie (Amanda Seyfried).
 "Mamma Mia!"
 received mixed reviews from critics and earned $609.8 million on a $52 million budget.
Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again!
 is an upcoming American romantic comedy musical film directed and written by Ol Parker.
 It is based on the musical of same name and a sequel to 2008 film "Mamma Mia!
" The film stars Amanda Seyfried, Dominic Cooper, Meryl Streep, Lily James, Colin Firth, Pierce Brosnan, and Jeremy Irvine.
 It is scheduled to be released on July 20, 2018, 10 years after the original, by Universal Pictures.
 The film is currently in production.
