Harsimus (also known as Harsimus Cove) is a neighborhood within Downtown Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.
 The neighborhood stretches from the Harsimus Stem Embankment (the Sixth Street Embankment) on the north to Christopher Columbus Drive on the south between Coles Street and Grove Street or more broadly, to Marin Boulevard.
 It borders the neighborhoods of Hamilton Park to the north, Van Vorst Park to the south, the Village to the west, and the Powerhouse Arts District to the east.
 Newark Avenue has traditionally been its "main street".
 The name is from the Lenape, used by the Hackensack Indians who inhabited the region and could be translated as "Crow’s Marsh".
 From many years, the neighborhood was part of the “Horseshoe”, a political delineation created by its position between the converging rail lines and political gerrymandering.
Infinity Institute is a public middle school / high school located in the Greenville section of Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in sixth through twelfth grades as part of the Jersey City Public Schools.
 The school was established in September 1999 as a partnership between the Jersey City Board of Education and Hudson County Community College.
Willits High School is a high school located in Willits, California, United States.
 The school opened in September, 1904, and met on the second floor of the Maize Mercantile Building on the corner of Main and Commercial Streets.
 Three years later, a new high school was built at Pine and Maple Streets.
 Willits High School held classes there until the school burned in November, 1928.
 In 1929, a new high school was built on the present location (299 North Main Street).
 It was remodeled in 1958, and again in 1988.
 In 1990, it was recognized as a Distinguished School by the California Department of Education.
 From a graduating class of four in 1904 to 123 in 2008, Willits High School continues to stand for quality education.
 The school mascot is a wolverine.
Lincoln High School Academy of Governance and Social Sciences is a four-year public high school located in Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, operated as part of the Jersey City Public Schools, serving students in ninth through twelfth grade.
 The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1928.
William L. Dickinson High School is a four-year comprehensive community public high school located in Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as part of the Jersey City Public Schools.
 Dickinson occupies a prominent location on Bergen Hill overlooking lower Jersey City and the New York Harbor.
 The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1929.
University Academy Charter High School is a four-year comprehensive public charter high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.
 The school opened in the 2002-03 school year and operates under the terms of a charter granted by the New Jersey Department of Education in 2001.
 Through its affiliation with New Jersey City University, students who graduate from the school with a grade point average of 3.2 or higher are eligible to receive a four-year scholarship to NJCU.
Liberty High School is a four-year public high school located in Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as part of the Jersey City Public Schools.
 The school was established in September 1999 as a partnership between the Jersey City Board of Education and Hudson County Community College.
United High School or UHS, is a public four-year high school located at 1905 100th Street near Monmouth, Illinois, a city of Warren County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States.
 UHS is part of United Community Unit School District 304, which also includes United Junior High School, United North Elementary School, and United West Elementary School.
 Despite the Alexis United misnomer sometimes used to describe the high school, the campus is actually located 2 miles east of Monmouth, IL, though the district's north campus and one of the elementary schools is located in Alexis, Illinois.
 The misnomer is due to the district office previouly being located in Alexis, Illinois.
 It has since been moved to the high school campus.
 The school serves a mixed city fringe, village, and rural residential community on the outskirts of the city of Monmouth, in the villages of Alexis, Kirkwood, Little York, North Henderson, and the unincorporated communities of Cameron and Gerlaw.
 Much of the school district is within the Galesburg micropolitan statistical area.
 United High School was formed by the consolidation of Alexis High School and Monmouth Warren High School in 2004.
 In 2007 Monmouth Yorkwood High School deactivated and was annexed into United High School.
Dr. Ronald E. McNair Academic High School (often dubbed Academic previous to its dedication, or as McNair) is a Magnet public high school located at 123 Coles Street in Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.
 The school is named in memory of Dr. Ronald E. McNair, the astronaut and scientist who died in the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster.
 McNair is part of the Jersey City Public Schools district.
 The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1979.
James J. Ferris High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades located in Jersey City in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, operated as part of the Jersey City Public Schools.
 The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1940.
