R&B Thug is a song by R&B singer R. Kelly on his fourth solo album TP-2.
com in 2000.
 It is the third song on the album and was never officially released as a single, but R. Kelly sang this song in an acceptance speech at the 27th annual AMA in 2000.
 Jessica Simpson, Tyrese and Julio Iglesias Jr. presented the award for favorite soul/r&b artist.
 R. Kelly won the award and did the a capella version of "R&B Thug" for his fans.
 "R&B Thug" or "R&B Thing" is over four minutes long.
 No music video has been made for this song but it is frequently incorporated in R. Kelly concerts.
"She's Got That Vibe" is the debut single by American R&B singer R. Kelly and band Public Announcement.
 It was released as the first single from Kelly's debut studio album "Born into the 90's" (1992).
 The song was recorded in 1991 and was released in 1992.
 The song was written and produced by Kelly.
Como Ama una Mujer (English: "How a Woman Loves") is the fifth studio album and first Spanish album by American singer and actress Jennifer Lopez.
 It was released on March 23, 2007 by Epic Records.
 After including some Spanish songs on her first two albums, Lopez initially became interested in recording a full-length studio album in 2004 when she recorded a song with her then-husband Marc Anthony for his ninth studio album.
 After releasing her fourth studio album, "Rebirth" (2005), Lopez started working heavily on the album with Anthony, Estéfano and Julio Reyes in a period of two and a half years.
 Composed entirely of ballads (and the exception of a few other genres), "Como Ama una Mujer" talks about love and heartbreak, being organic in its instrumentation and introspective in its lyrics.
Country Life is the eleventh studio album by English acoustic roots duo Show of Hands.
 Released in 2003, it marks a departure for the band, with stronger socially and politically lyrics than the duo's previous albums, as well as showcasing the duo exploring a larger musical palette.
 Some of the album's lyrics concern rural issues which Knightley had taken to heart in previous years, including in the aftermath of their previous lyrical album "Cold Frontier" (2001).
 Prior to the release of "Country Life", the duo had released an instrumental album named "The Path".
 Both "The Path" and "Country Life" were released close together.
 The album was packaged in a lavish set which included a bonus disc of demo versions and other bonus material.
 The album's title track was also promoted by the band's first music video.
"When a Woman Loves" is the first single by singer R. Kelly from his eleventh studio album "Love Letter".
 The song peaked at #93 on the "Billboard" Hot 100; and it was promoted with a music video directed by Kelly and Jeremy Rall.
 In 2011 R. Kelly was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Performance, but lost.
"My Story" is a single by American R&B singer R. Kelly featuring 2 Chainz, written by R. Kelly who co-produced it with Nineteen85 from OVO Sound, for his twelfth solo studio album "Black Panties".
 A snippet of the song was first heard at the BET Awards same year, then another a week after the award ceremony.
 The song was released on July 23, 2013 via R. Kelly's Vevo, and on iTunes a day later.
 The second snippet was not in the official song for no apparent reason, but later heard on the extended version of the song.
 The song debuted at #89 on the hot 100 during the week of the album's release after many weeks on the bubbling under chart.
 No official music video will be released, but a documentary music video has been uploaded on R. Kelly's Vevo channel and a fan video was expected, but was never released.
Platinum is a song by American rapper Snoop Dogg, released as the third promotional single from his eleventh studio album Doggumentary.
 The song features guest vocals from R&B singer R. Kelly, and is produced by American producer Lex Luger.
R. Kelly is the second studio album by R&B singer R. Kelly.
 It was released on November 14, 1995.
 The album was somewhat of a departure from his previous album's sexual innuendos, featuring slightly more introspective lyrics.
 "R. Kelly" was the artist's second number 1 R&B album and the first one to top the "Billboard" 200; it spawned three number 1 R&B singles in chronological order: "You Remind Me of Something", "Down Low (Nobody Has to Know)" and "I Can't Sleep Baby (If I)".
"A Woman's Threat" is a single by American R&B singer R. Kelly from his fourth solo studio album and second sequel to 12 Play, TP-2.
com.
 It's the fifth and last single on that album and a six-minute music video has been made for the song.
 The song charted at number 15 on the US bubbling under charts, 35 on the R&B/Hip Hop charts and below 50 on two other countries and over 50 on also two countries.
 The song is both written and produced by R. Kelly himself.
 Both 9th Wonder and Lil' Kim have sampled this song.
 Jay-Z also sampled the song in 2003.
"Sex Me" is the first solo single released by R&B singer R. Kelly, released as the first single from his solo debut album, "12 Play".
 The single became Kelly's first solo success, reaching number two on the R&B chart and reaching number twenty on the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The single was also certified Gold in the US.
