Cathedral is an educational television miniseries of five episodes first broadcast in 2005 by the BBC.
 It describes the construction of five cathedrals in the United Kingdom: Canterbury Cathedral, Lincoln Cathedral, Winchester Cathedral, St. Giles' Cathedral, and York Minster.
John Paul Burbridge was the Dean of Norwich in the latter part of the 20th century (1983-1995).
 Born on 21 May 1932, he was educated at The King's School, Canterbury and King's College, Cambridge, New College, Oxford, and Wells Theological College.
 After National Service with the Royal Artillery, he was ordained to a curacy at Eastbourne Parish Church in 1959.
 In 1962 he was appointed vicar choral and chamberlain at York Minster.
 He was appointed residentiary canon precentor at York Minster in 1966.
 In 1976 he was appointed Archdeacon of Richmond and canon residentiary at Ripon Cathedral, a post he held until his appointment as Dean of Norwich in 1983 (F.S.A).
Lincoln Cathedral or the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, and sometimes St. Mary's Cathedral in Lincoln, England is the seat of the Anglican bishop.
 Building commenced in 1088 and continued in several phases throughout the medieval period.
 It was the tallest building in the world for 238 years (1311–1549), and the first building to hold that title after the Great Pyramid of Giza.
 The central spire collapsed in 1549 and was not rebuilt.
 The cathedral is the third largest in Britain (in floor area) after St Paul's and York Minster, being 484 by .
 It is highly regarded by architectural scholars; the eminent Victorian writer John Ruskin declared: "I have always held... that the cathedral of Lincoln is out and out the most precious piece of architecture in the British Isles and roughly speaking worth any two other cathedrals we have."
The Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter in York, commonly known as York Minster, is the cathedral of York, England, and is one of the largest of its kind in Northern Europe.
 The minster is the seat of the Archbishop of York, the second-highest office of the Church of England, and is the mother church for the Diocese of York and the Province of York.
 It is run by a dean and chapter, under the Dean of York.
 The title "minster" is attributed to churches established in the Anglo-Saxon period as missionary teaching churches, and serves now as an honorific title.
 Services in the minster are sometimes regarded as on the High Church or Anglo-Catholic end of the Anglican continuum.
The York Minster astronomical clock was installed in the North Transept of York Minster in 1955.
 It was first conceived in 1944 and designed by R d'E Atkinson, chief assistant at the Royal Greenwich Observatory.
 The clock is a memorial to the airmen operating from bases in Yorkshire, Durham, and Northumberland who were killed in action during World War II.
York Minster Police is a small, specialised cathedral constabulary responsible for policing York Minster in York, United Kingdom.
Grays Court is a Grade I listed ancient house in the middle of York, England, near York Minster, behind the Treasurer's House next to the city walls.
 Grays Court is possibly the oldest continuously occupied house in the United Kingdom.
 Dating back in part to 1080 and commissioned by the first Norman Archbishop of York to provide the official residence for the Treasurers of York Minster, the house has a significant history.
 The house was surrendered to the Crown on 26 May 1547 and the last of the mediaeval Treasurers, William Clyff, resigned.
 The first post-Reformation owner was Edward Seymour, Duke of Somerset.
 He was given the house in 1547 by King Edward VI, the son of King Henry VIII.
Minster is an honorific title given to particular churches in England, most famously York Minster in York, Westminster in London and Southwell Minster in Southwell.
 The term "minster" is first found in royal foundation charters of the 7th century.
 Although it corresponds to the Latin "monasterium" or monastery, it then designated any settlement of clergy living a communal life and endowed by charter with the obligation of maintaining the daily office of prayer.
 Widespread in 10th-century Anglo-Saxon England, minsters declined in importance with the systematic introduction of parishes and parish churches from the 11th century onwards.
 It continued as a title of dignity in later medieval England, for instances where a cathedral, monastery, collegiate church or parish church had originated with an Anglo-Saxon foundation.
 Eventually a minster came to refer more generally to "any large or important church, especially a collegiate or cathedral church".
 In the 21st century, the Church of England has designated additional minsters by bestowing the status on existing parish churches.
John Scott Whiteley (born 1950) is an English organist and composer.
 He has performed extensively around the world and since 1985 has undertaken an annual tour of the USA.
 He has performed in most major UK Cathedrals and concert halls, and was Assistant Organist and later Organist and Director of the Girls' choir at York Minster between 1975 and 2010.
 He is currently Organist Emeritus of York Minster.
The Old Palace in the city of York, North Yorkshire, England, is also known as the Minster Library and is in Dean's Park.
 It houses York Minster’s library and archives as well as the Collections Department and conservation studio.
 Its name is a new one and renders homage to the part of the building that used to be the chapel of the Archbishop of York, which was built in the 13th century.
 It was refurbished in 1810 and shortly thereafter became the home of the Minster library.
 Notable items held in the collection include cathedral records dating to back to 1150 and a copy of the 1631 Wicked Bible.
 It is a Grade I listed building.
 An extension was added in 1998.
