In the Winter Dark is a 1998 Australian feature film adaptation of a novel by Tim Winton, which was released by Goalpost Pictures on 10 September 1998.
 It starred Brenda Blethyn, Ray Barrett, Richard Roxburgh and Miranda Otto and was directed by James Bogle.
Romulus, My Father is a 2007 Australian drama film directed by Richard Roxburgh.
 Based on the memoir by Raimond Gaita, the film tells the story of Romulus (Eric Bana) and his wife Christine (Franka Potente), and their struggle in the face of great adversity to raise their son, Raimond (Kodi Smit-McPhee).
 The film marks the directorial debut for Australian actor Richard Roxburgh.
 It was commended in the Australian Film Critics Association 2007 Film Awards.
Tracks is a 2013 Australian drama film directed by John Curran and starring Mia Wasikowska and Adam Driver.
 It is an adaptation of Robyn Davidson's memoir of the same name, chronicling the author's nine-month journey on camels across the Australian desert.
 It was shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival (Special Presentation) and the 70th Venice International Film Festival 2013 (in Official Competition).
 It was the opening film at the Adelaide Film Festival on 10 October 2013.
 This was the Australian premiere.
 The film has also been shown at several other film festivals, including London, Vancouver, Telluride, Dubai, Sydney OpenAir, Dublin and Glasgow.
September is a 2007 Australian drama film, directed by Peter Carstairs and produced by John Polson.
 Set in Western Australia's wheatbelt in 1968 (though filmed at Harden, New South Wales), it stars Xavier Samuel and Clarence John Ryan as two teenagers whose interracial friendship struggles to withstand the expectations of their community.
 The film sensitively documents the disparity and discrimination faced by the country's Aboriginal people.
Lucky Miles is a 2007 Australian drama feature film based on several true stories involving people entering Western Australia by boat in order to seek asylum (please note that seeking asylum is not and never has been illegal in Australia).
 Its director was Michael James Rowland and its producers were Jo Dyer and Lesley Dyer.
Doing Time for Patsy Cline is a 1997 Australian multi-award-winning film starring Miranda Otto, Richard Roxburgh, and Matt Day and directed by Chris Kennedy.
Passion, known in some releases as Passion: The Story of Percy Grainger, is a 1999 Australian drama film about some episodes in the life of the pianist and composer Percy Grainger.
 It stars Richard Roxburgh as Grainger.
Maya the Bee (promoted theatrically as Maya the Bee Movie) is a 2014 3D computer-animated comedy adventure film directed by Alexs Stadermann, loosely based on the 1975 anime Maya the Honey Bee as well as indirectly the German children's book of the same name by Waldemar Bonsels.
 It features the voices of Kodi Smit-McPhee, Noah Taylor, Richard Roxburgh, Jacki Weaver, and Miriam Margolyes.
 It was released theatrically in Australia on 1 November 2014, and also in United States and Canada on 8 March 2015.
Terence Richard "Terry" Norris (born 9 June 1930) is an Australian professional actor who interrupted his career for 10 years with a stint in state politics, for the Australian Labor Party with the Victorian Legislative Assembly.
 As an actor, he has starred in TV Shows such as "Bellbird" & "Cop Shop", and in films like "Romulus, My Father", "" and "Paper Planes".
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, also promoted as LXG, is a 2003 steampunk-dieselpunk action film loosely based on the first volume of the comic book series of the same name by Alan Moore and Kevin O'Neill.
 It was released on July 11, 2003, in the United States, and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 It was directed by Stephen Norrington and starred Sean Connery, Naseeruddin Shah, Peta Wilson, Tony Curran, Stuart Townsend, Shane West, Jason Flemyng, and Richard Roxburgh.
