3OH!
3 is the eponymous debut studio album by American electronic music band 3OH!
3.
 The tracks "Holler Til You Pass Out" and "Chokechain" were later remixed for the band's major label debut.
 "Holler Til You Pass Out", "Chokechain", and "Dance with Me" are excluded from the iTunes release of the album.
3OH!
3 (pronounced "three oh three") is an American electronic music duo from Boulder, Colorado, made up of Sean Foreman and Nathaniel Motte.
 They are best known for their single "Don't Trust Me" from their album "Want", which reached number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Their second single, a remix of "Starstrukk" featuring Katy Perry from "Want", was a top ten hit in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Finland, Poland, and Australia.
 They gained further recognition by featuring Kesha on the song "My First Kiss", which was made the lead single from their album "Streets of Gold".
 The album later peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" 200.
The Welsh singer-songwriter Marina Diamandis, known by her stage name Marina and the Diamonds, has recorded songs for three studio albums and two extended plays.
 She first came to public prominence after being ranked in second place on the Sound of 2010 poll organised by the BBC.
 Her debut studio album "The Family Jewels" was released that February, and featured material from her first two extended plays, "The Crown Jewels EP" (2009) and "The American Jewels EP" (2010), in addition to newly recorded content.
 Diamandis co-wrote each of the album's thirteen tracks, including its five singles "Mowgli's Road", "Hollywood", "I Am Not a Robot", "Oh No!
", and "Shampain".
 Songwriters and producers Liam Howe and Pascal Gabriel respectively co-wrote four and three tracks for the record.
 In 2009 and 2010, Diamandis recorded cover versions of the songs "What You Waiting For?
" by Gwen Stefani and "Starstrukk" by 3OH!
3, respectively.
Serpierite (Ca(Cu,Zn)(SO)2(OH)·3HO) is a rare, sky-blue coloured hydrated sulfate mineral, often found as a post-mining product.
 It is a member of the devilline group, which has members aldridgeite (Cd,Ca)(Cu,Zn)(SO)(OH)·3HO, campigliaite CuMn(SO)2(OH)·4HO, devilline CaCu(SO)2(OH)·3HO, kobyashevite Cu(SO)2(OH)·4HO, lautenthalite PbCu(SO)2(OH)·3HO and an unnamed dimorph of devilline.
 It is the calcium analogue of aldridgeite and it is dimorphous with orthoserpierite CaCu(SO)2(OH)·3HO.
Friends and Nervous Breakdowns is the first album by rapper Weerd Science (real name Josh Eppard) also the former drummer of progressive rock bands 3 and current drummer of Coheed and Cambria.
 A video was released for "Conspiracy Theories w/ out Mel Gibson".
I Fight Dragons is a rock band from Chicago.
 Their music is a combination of pop/rock with chiptune, featuring electronic sounds made using Nintendo Game Boys and Nintendo Entertainment Systems. To date they have released two full-length albums: 2011's "KABOOM!
" which came out on Photo Finish / Atlantic Records, and 2014's "The Near Future", which they self-released after raising over $100,000 on Kickstarter through their "Project Atma" project.
 They have also released two EPs, 2009's "Cool Is Just a Number" and 2010's "Welcome to the Breakdown".
 Their music has been featured on Nintendo Video as well as on the WWE, and they wrote and performed the theme song for ABC's "The Goldbergs".
 They have toured the USA with mc chris and Whole Wheat Bread in 2009, 3OH!
3, Cobra Starship, and Travie McCoy in 2010, The Protomen in 2011, and they were on the entire 2012 and 2014 Vans Warped Tours.
 They went on their first national headlining tour, "The War of Cyborg Liberation Tour", with openers MC Lars and Skyfox in 2012.
 From 2010 until 2012 they were signed to Photo Finish / Atlantic Records, but in fall 2012 they won their release from the label.
 Mazzaferri attended Glenbrook South High School with Fall Out Boy lead vocalist and guitarist Patrick Stump.
The Alternative Press Tour or AP Tour was an American/Canadian concert tour that began in 2007 by the magazine company "Alternative Press".
 It featured diverse bands like Black Veil Brides, All Time Low, Bring Me The Horizon, Cute Is What We Aim For, Never Shout Never, and 3OH!
3.
 The tour was announced in the April or November issues of Alternative Press.
Want is the second studio album by American electronic music duo 3OH!
3.
 It is their first album with record label Photo Finish.
 The album was produced by Matt Squire and 3OH!
3.
 The track "Punkbitch" was included on the Warped Tour 2008 Tour Compilation.
Omens is the fourth studio album by American electronic music duo 3OH!
3.
 The album was released on June 18, 2013.
 The album debuted at number 81 on the "Billboard" 200 chart selling 5,423 copies in its first week.
Streets of Gold is the third studio album by American electronic music duo 3OH!
3.
 It was released on June 29, 2010 in the United States and July 19, 2010 in the United Kingdom.
 The album debuted at number seven on the US "Billboard" 200, selling 41,000 copies in its first week.
 Upon its release, "Streets of Gold" received generally mixed reviews from most music critics.
