In an episode of BBC Radio 2's "The Russell Brand Show" broadcast on Saturday 18 October 2008, comedian Russell Brand and presenter Jonathan Ross made prank calls to actor Andrew Sachs that led to controversy in the United Kingdom.
 Brand and Ross called Sachs to interview him on-air; when he did not answer, they left a series of lewd messages on his answering machine, including comments about Brand's relationship with Sachs' granddaughter, Georgina Baillie.
 After initially receiving little attention, a 26 October article in "The Mail on Sunday" led to widespread criticism of Brand, Ross and the editorial decisions of the BBC, with the event becoming known as "Sachsgate" or "Manuelgate" (a reference to Sachs's character in Fawlty Towers).
Russell Brand's Got Issues is a British TV debate comedy show hosted by Russell Brand and shown on E4.
 The show was written by Brand and his longtime collaborator Matt Morgan.
 Superficially a studio debate, as each episode progressed the subject was often digressed from heavily.
Get Him to the Greek is a 2010 American black comedy film written, produced and directed by Nicholas Stoller and starring Russell Brand and Jonah Hill.
 Released on June 4, 2010, the film serves as a spin-off sequel of Stoller's 2008 film "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", reuniting director Stoller with stars Hill and Brand and producer Judd Apatow.
 Brand reprises his role as character Aldous Snow from "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", while Hill plays an entirely new character.
 The film also stars Elisabeth Moss, Rose Byrne, Sean "Diddy" Combs, and Colm Meaney.
The Russell Brand Show is a chat show presented by Russell Brand.
 It aired on the British terrestrial TV channel Channel 4 and was broadcast on Friday nights.
 The programme featured Brand's take on current topics of conversation, a sketch on current topics, guest interviews and live music.
Russell Brand's Ponderland is a BAFTA nominated comedy on the British television station Channel 4, presented by comedian and actor Russell Brand.
 The show consists largely of Brand giving a series of monologues in a stand-up style, interspersed with old television and video footage.
 Repeats of the show are often shown on Channel 4's sister channel 4Music.
"Christmas Wishes" is the tenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series "The Office", and the show's 162nd episode overall.
 The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on December 8, 2011.
 It was written by executive producer Mindy Kaling and was directed by Ed Helms in his directorial debut.
 The episode guest starred Lindsey Broad, Ameenah Kaplan, and Eleanor Seigler.
Brand X with Russell Brand was an American late-night talk show, stand up comedy television series that premiered on FX on June 28, 2012, starring English comedian Russell Brand and created by Brand and Troy Miller.
 Its second season concluded on May 2, 2013.
 On June 6, 2013, FX announced that "Brand X" would not be renewed for a third season.
 However, FX has reportedly picked up a scripted pilot starring Brand that will be loosely based on his life.
The Russell Brand Show is a radio show first broadcast in 2006 on BBC Radio 6 Music.
 The show's host is English comedian Russell Brand, who is usually joined his by co-host and long-term friend, Matt Morgan, as well as the show's poet laureate, Greg "Mr Gee" Sekweyama.
 The show has also featured regular contributions from English musician Noel Gallagher, who has been described as an unofficial co-host.
"Gettysburg" is the eighth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series "The Office".
 It was written by Robert Padnick and directed by Jeffrey Blitz.
 The episode aired on NBC in the United States on November 17, 2011.
 "Gettysburg" guest stars Lindsey Broad as Cathy Simms.
"Deadwood" is a song by the band Dirty Pretty Things.
 It was released as a single on 10 July 2006 and was the second to be released from the band's debut album "Waterloo to Anywhere".
 The band recruited fans via their web site to appear for the filming of the video, which occurred on a farm in the Essex countryside on Tuesday 16 May.
 In 2006 the song was used as the theme tune to "Russell Brand's Got Issues", and later "The Russell Brand Show".
