The Rana Power Station ("Rana kraftverk") is a hydroelectric power station located in Rana, Nordland, Norway.
 It operates at an installed capacity of 500 MW , with an average annual production of about 2,100 GWh.
 The station is owned by Statkraft.
 In terms of annual production in Norway the station is second only to Svartisen Hydroelectric Power Station.
The Sima Power Station is a hydroelectric power station located in the municipality Eidfjord in Hordaland, Norway.
 The facility Lang-Sima operates at an installed capacity of 500 MW , and has an average annual production of 1,212 GWh.
 The facility Sy-Sima has an installed capacity of 620 MW , and an average annual production of 1,640 GWh.
 Operator is Statkraft.
The Svartisen Power Station is a hydroelectric power station located in the municipality Meløy in Nordland, Norway.
 It operates at an installed capacity of 600 MW , with an average annual production of about 2,200 GWh making it the largest in Norway in terms of annual production.
 The station is owned by Statkraft.
Wendy Ayche (born January 9 1986) known professionally as Wengie, is an Australian YouTube personality and vlogger.
 She was born in Guangzhou, China.
 She got the nickname "Wengie" at a dance class when two people gave her a nickname inspired by her Chinese name, Wén Jié.
 Since starting her channel on February 11 2013, her videos have received over 281 million views, and her channel has accumulated over 11 followers In the January 2016 edition of "ElleGirl Japan", she was nominated as a channel to watch.
 In August 2016, she was ranked the 5th Fastest growing channel in the world.
 Ayche was featured in the annual YouTube Rewind in 2016 and was also singled out by Google as one of the top beauty creators in the Asia region.
 Ayche reached 5 million YouTube subscribers in January 2017, and her channel is currently in the 12th most subscribed How-To & Style Channel on YouTube.
 She is also currently a board member of the Internet Creators Guild, a non-profit focused on providing the protection, representation and guidance to online creators.
 Her YouTube channel also recently got awarded with "Best Channel" as well as "Overall Winner" for the Australian Online Video Awards.
The Nore Power Station is a hydroelectric power station located in the municipality Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud, Norway.
 The oldest plant Nore I operates at an installed capacity of 206 MW , with an average annual production of 1,110 GWh.
 The plant Nore II has an installed capacity of 52 MW , with an average annual production of 314 GWh.
Blast!
 is a Broadway production created by James Mason for Cook Group Incorporated, the director and organization formerly operating the Star of Indiana Drum and Bugle Corps.
 It was the 2001 winner of the Tony Award for "Best Special Theatrical Event" and also won the 2001 Emmy Award for "Best Choreography".
Apostle is a New York-based production company specializing in television production created by stand-up comedian and actor Denis Leary and his business partner Jim Serpico.
 Apostle created the hit TV series "Rescue Me" about a post-9/11 FDNY crew and the drama in their personal lives.
Tubular Bells for Two is a music-theatre production created and performed by Australian multi-instrumentalists Aidan Roberts and Daniel Holdsworth.
 In the show the two musicians re-create Mike Oldfield's 1973 album "Tubular Bells" live with over twenty instruments.
 They won The Sydney Fringe award for 'Best Musical Moment' in 2010, and have since featured at major arts festivals around Australia and the Pacific, including Sydney Festival and NZ International Arts Festival.
 The production made its European début at the 2012 Edinburgh Festival Fringe where it won two awards, going on to tour Europe in 2013 for the 40th anniversary of the original Oldfield album.
The Brazilian automotive industry competed with other Latin American ones (Mexico and Argentina) comparably till 1960, but had two jumps then, making Brazil as a regional leader at first and one of the World's leaders moreover.
 Near the end of the 1970s new capacities were built by US and Germany.
 In addition to available and annual production, which exceeded one million and provided world's 10th place for country.
 After some decrease near 1990, the new and more strong growth by help of same foreign players plus Japan and France allows Brazil to beat such old auto makers as Belgium, United Kingdom, United States, Canada, Russia, Spain, France and annual production exceeded 3,7 million vehicles in 2013 seventh largest in the World, although they have fallen substantially more recently.
Return to Eden is an Australian television drama/soap opera mini-series and later weekly serial starring Rebecca Gilling, James Reyne, Wendy Hughes and James Smillie.
 It began as a three-part six hour mini-series, shown on Network Ten in 1983.
 Gilling and Smillie, now joined by Peta Toppano would reprise their roles for a 22-part weekly series screened in 1986.
 The Production created by Michael Laurence was successful international, particularly in France, and has been shown 13 times.
