"Finna Get Loose" is a song written by and performed by American rapper Sean "Puff Daddy" Combs and American singer Pharrell Williams.
 Produced by Pharrell, it was released on June 28, 2015 as the first single of Combs' upcoming sixth studio album "No Way Out 2".
Kory Neely, better known as MC Shadow is a Canadian rapper, actor, music & film producer and author, who achieved fame for being the first white rapper in Canadian musical history (second only to the Beastie Boys internationally).
 His group Get Loose Crew was the first Canadian rap group to produce a mini LP and the first to effect international sales.
 Neely also had a brief solo career and worked with R&B singer Kaye Sergeant after The Get Loose Crew split ways in 1990.
No Way Out is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist, songwriter and record producer Puff Daddy.
 It was released on July 1, 1997, by his label Bad Boy.
 The label's official crediting as "The Family" featured guest appearances from his label-mates and other artists.
 The production on the album was provided by Puff Daddy (real name Sean Combs), alongside with a variety of the members from the production group called The Hitmen.
 Puff Daddy also served as an executive producer alongside The Notorious B.I.G. and D-Dot (of The Hitmen).
 It contains generally introspective content based on the shooting death of his friend and rapper The Notorious B.I.G., who died from the shooting on March 9, 1997, which affected Combs emotionally.
 The album's content consists largely of aggressive lyrics but also includes elements of positive emotion.
"Victory" is a song recorded by American hip hop recording artist Puff Daddy.
 The song was originally written by The Notorious B.I.G., Jason Phillips and Steven Jordan for his debut studio album "No Way Out" (1997).
 It features heavy use of mafioso-style lyrics, as was popular at the time.
 It features The Notorious B.I.G., who raps two verses, and Busta Rhymes, who raps the song's chorus.
 The song also heavily sampled the Bill Conti song "Going the Distance", which featured on the soundtrack to the movie "Rocky" making it a darker start to a rap album that featured many (at the time) club-standard singles.
 The song was released as a single in 1998, peaking at number 19 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 This song featured the very last verses recorded by The Notorious B.I.G. before his 1997 death as these verses were recorded a day before his shooting.
 The song was used for the video game by 2K Sports, "NBA 2K13" by Puff Daddy and the Family featuring The Notorious B.I.G. and Busta Rhymes.
 This was re-used for the soundtrack of NBA 2K18.
No Way Out 2 is the upcoming sixth and final studio album by American hip hop recording artist, songwriter and record producer Puff Daddy.
 Puff Daddy released a mixtape called "MMM (Money Making Mitch)".
 It serves as the lead-up to Daddy's sixth studio album "No Way Out 2", the sequel to Daddy's debut album "No Way Out" (1997).
 The label's official crediting as "The Family", with the album's guest appearances from his label and other artists as well.
 Production was handled by Puff Daddy (real name Sean Combs) and other producers.
"Must Be Love" is a song recorded by American singer Cassie.
 It features guest vocals by American rapper Puff Daddy, who also co-wrote the song with Aion Clarke, Michael Jones, Leroy Watson and the producer Mario Winans.
 The song was released for digital download in the United States on April 14, 2009, by Atlantic Records under the Bad Boy imprint, impacting urban radio stations in that region on April 27, 2009.
Craig Mack (born May 10, 1971) is an American rapper, who gained fame on Puff Daddy's Bad Boy Entertainment record label in the 1990s.
 Although his first single was released under the name MC EZ in 1988, he is best known for his 1994 hit single "Flava In Ya Ear", which was released under his real name.
 The remix of the single was the breakout appearance of The Notorious B.I.G., as well as one of the first solo appearances by Busta Rhymes.
 The success of The Notorious B.I.G.'s debut album "Ready to Die" overshadowed Mack's early success on the Bad Boy label.
Sean John Combs (born November 4, 1969), also known by his stage names Puff Daddy, Puffy, P. Diddy, and Diddy, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, actor, record producer, and entrepreneur.
 He was born in Harlem and was raised in Mount Vernon, New York.
 He worked as a talent director at Uptown Records before founding his label Bad Boy Entertainment in 1993.
 His debut album "No Way Out" (1997) has been certified seven times platinum and was followed by successful albums such as "Forever" (1999), "The Saga Continues..." (2001), and "Press Play" (2006).
 In 2009 Combs formed the musical group Diddy – Dirty Money and released the critically well-reviewed and commercially successful album "Last Train to Paris" (2010).
Aasim (born "Leroy Watson" in Jamaica, Queens, New York) is an American rapper, who first began rapping at the age of 12, and signed his first record deal with Schott Free of Loud Records at 17.
 While signed to the label, Aasim learned songwriting from Big Pun and Dead Prez but never released any material.
 When his deal with Loud Records fell through, he moved to Grind Music, and worked the mixtape and local New York radio circuits.
 In 2004, Puff Daddy heard him on the radio and signed him to Bad Boy Records.
Hard Core is the debut studio album by American rapper Lil' Kim.
 The album was released on November 12, 1996 by Undeas Recordings, Big Beat Records, and Atlantic Records.
 After achieving a success with the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A. and their album "Conspiracy" (1995), Kim began working on her solo album with The Notorious B.I.G. serving as the executive producer (besides this, he performed on four songs).
 She collaborated with a number of producers, such as Sean "Puff Daddy" Combs, Stevie J., David "Ski" Willis and Jermaine Dupri, among others.
 Other rappers, including Jay Z, Lil' Cease and Puff Daddy were featured on the album.
 Recording for the album took place from 1995 to 1996, mainly at The Hit Factory studio, in New York City.
