Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island (1936) is a Republic Movie serial starring Ray Mala.
 It was the fourth of the 66 serials produced by Republic and the last (of four) to be released in 1936.
 "Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island" is notable for being the first Republic serial to contain another common aspect of serials - a Re-Cap Chapter, similar to a clipshow in modern television where the events of the previous chapters are repeated via clips (in order to save money).
 This, contrary to popular belief was not the invention of the concept, which had been routinely used in serial production before the release of this serial.
 The serial was edited into the film Robinson Crusoe of Mystery Island, which was released in 1966.
The Lone Ranger is a 1938 American Republic Movie serial based on the radio program of the same name.
 It was the ninth of the sixty-six serials produced by Republic, the fourth western (a third of Republic's serials were westerns) and the first Republic serial release of 1938.
 The following year a sequel serial "The Lone Ranger Rides Again" was released.
The Lone Ranger Rides Again is a 1939 American Republic serial.
 It was a sequel to Republic's 1938 serial "The Lone Ranger", which had been highly successful, and the thirteenth of the sixty-six serials produced by Republic.
Captain America is a 1944 Republic black-and-white serial film loosely based on the Timely Comics (today known as Marvel Comics) character Captain America.
 It was the last Republic serial made about a superhero.
 It also has the distinction of being the most expensive serial that Republic ever made.
 It also stands as the first theatrical release connected to a Marvel character; the next theatrical release featuring a Marvel hero would not occur for more than 40 years.
King of the Carnival (1955) is a Republic movie serial.
 It contains a substantial amount of stock footage from the earlier Republic serial "Daredevils of the Red Circle".
 This was the 66th and last serial ever made by Republic and is often considered to be one of the worst produced by that company.
 The plot concerns Treasury Agents investigating a Cold War counterfeiting operation believed to be connected to a circus.
What Happened to Mary (frequently erroneously referred to in various texts as "What Happened to Mary?"
 — but the title was a statement, not a question) is the first motion picture serial made in the United States.
 Made by Edison Studios, the action serial consisted of twelve one-reel episodes released monthly beginning July 26, 1912 to coincide with the serial story of the same name published in McClure's "The Ladies' World" magazine.
 "What Happened to Mary" was performed as a stage play and published as a single-volume print novel, so is an early example of a multiple-media marketing campaign.
 The scripts were written by Horace G. Plympton and directed by Charles Brabin.
 The star of the serial was Mary Fuller.
The Adventures of Batman is an animated television series produced by Lou Schiemer's Filmation studios.
 It showcased the 12-minute Batman segments from "The Batman/Superman Hour", sometimes broken up by and surrounding another cartoon from Filmation's fast-growing stream of superhero stars.
 A re-branded 30-minute version premiered on CBS on September 14, 1968 as Batman with Robin the Boy Wonder.
 This version was repackaged without the Superman and Superboy segments.
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1982) is a British television serial made by the BBC, produced by Barry Letts, directed by Peter Duguid and starring Tom Baker as Sherlock Holmes and Terence Rigby as Doctor Watson.
 The serial is based on Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes novel "The Hound of the Baskervilles".
 The music score was composed and conducted by Carl Davis.
Panther Girl of the Kongo is a 1955 Republic movie serial.
 It used a lot of stock footage from the 1941 Republic serial "Jungle Girl".
 This was the penultimate (sixty-fifth of sixty-six) serial produced by Republic.
The Painted Stallion is a 1937 Republic movie serial.
 It was the sixth Republic serial of the sixty-six made by that company.
 Western serials such as this made up a third of the serials from Republic, a studio that was also heavily involved in making B-Western feature films at the time.
