The Bajaj Priya was a three-speed, 150cc scooter manufactured in Pune, India for Maharashtra Scooters by Bajaj Auto Limited from 1975 until April 1992 under a license agreement with Bajaj Auto Limited.
 The design was very similar to that of the earlier "Bajaj 150" model (which was in turn based upon a Vespa 150 (VBA type) with a slightly modified body).
The Razor Scooter is a compact folding scooter invented by Micro Mobility Systems and manufactured by JD Corporation.
 When the first Razor scooter launched in 2000, over 5 million were sold in just the first six months.
 Razors became extremely popular around 2000 when Dan Green landed the first backflip ever.
 This led to the Razor being named Toy of the Year in 2001.
 Razor scooters continued to build on their success in 2003 when the first electric scooter was released.
 Today, The Razor Scooter is manufactured by RazorUSA, based in Cerritos, California, United States.
Voodoo3 was a series of computer gaming video cards manufactured and designed by 3dfx Interactive.
 It was the successor to the company's high-end Voodoo2 line and was based heavily upon the older Voodoo Banshee product.
 Voodoo3 was announced at COMDEX '98 and arrived on store shelves in 1999.
 The Voodoo3 line was the first product manufactured by the combined STB Systems and 3dfx.
The Borchardt C-93 ("Construktion 93") semi-automatic pistol was designed by Hugo Borchardt (1844–1921) in 1893 based upon the Maxim toggle-bolt design.
 Borchardt also developed the high-velocity bottlenecked 7.65×25mm Borchardt cartridge for the C-93.
 Borchardt's assistant at the time, Georg Luger, also claimed to have influenced its design.
 Machine tool manufacturer Ludwig Loewe & Company of Berlin, Germany, produced the C-93 in anticipation of military orders.
 With about 1,100 manufactured by Loewe and nearly 2,000 more produced by Deutsche Waffen und Munitionsfabriken, the Borchardt C-93 was the first mass-produced semi-automatic pistol.
The Triumph Spitfire is a small English two-seat sports car, introduced at the London Motor Show in 1962.
 The vehicle was based on a design produced for Standard-Triumph in 1957 by Italian designer Giovanni Michelotti.
 The platform for the car was largely based upon the chassis, engine, and running gear of the Triumph Herald saloon, but shortened and minus the Herald's outrigger sections, and was manufactured at the Standard-Triumph works at Canley, in Coventry.
 Unusually for cars of this era, the bodywork was fitted onto a separate structural chassis, but for the Spitfire, which was designed as an open top or convertible sports car from the outset, the backbone chassis was reinforced for additional rigidity by the use of structural components within the bodywork (the rear trailing arms bolted to the body rather than the chassis).
 The Spitfire was provided with a manual soft-top for weather protection, the design improving to a folding hood for later models.
 Factory-manufactured hard-tops were also available.
Monticello is a typeface, a transitional, based upon the Roman Pica no. 1 foundry type made by the American type foundry Binny & Ronaldson in the 1790s.
 It is considered the first typeface designed and manufactured in the United States.
 American Type Founders Co. issued a version, based on the original molds, named Oxford.
 In 1949, Linotype Corporation issued a Monticello typeface for hot metal machine composition for the published edition of The Papers of Thomas Jefferson.
 A digital version, also named Monticello, was issued in 2003 by Matthew Carter for the Jefferson Papers.
 Jefferson knew and corresponded with James Ronaldson.
Minari Engineering Ltd. was a Limited company based in Staffordshire, UK.
 They manufactured two vehicles, the Minari Club Sport (otherwise known as the Mk1), and the Minari Road Sport (otherwise known as the Mk2).
 They specialised in producing the components required to build cars based upon the Alfa Romeo Alfasud and 33 running gear, with bodies mainly constructed from GRP.
 These could either be purchased in Kit form or through a build agent, Chameleon Cars.
 Around 130 Mk2 kits were sold before production finally stopped in 2000.
The Yamaha MM6 is a compact synthesizer manufactured by the Yamaha Corporation, and was first introduced in January 2007.
 The MM6 includes fairly high quality samples for the price of the keyboard, however it is still a professional level piece of equipment.
 The default samples that is provided on board the MM6 are based on the Yamaha Motif series workstation sound sets.
 This synthesizer comes with 418 patches, and 22 drum kits, all based upon those that available with the Motif series workstations.
The Ace of Herts was one of the first dedicated lambretta scooter clubs in greater London, running from 1958-1971.
 Based in Watford Hertfordshire, it was formed by Arthur Francis, a scooter dealer.
 The club subsequently became the Watford Lambretta Club.
 This built upon the strength of lambretta clubs elsewhere in the country, following on from the formation of the Lambretta Club of Great Britain in 1953, driven also by the emerging mod culture.
The Corgi Motorcycle Co Ltd. was a British motorcycle manufacturer based in Southport that produced 98 cc scooters developed by managing director John Dolphin from the military Welbike motorcycle.
 Production of the Corgi scooter for the UK market began in 1948 and 27,050 were manufactured before production ended in October 1954.
