The Livestock Conservancy, formerly known as the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy (ALBC) and prior to that, the American Minor Breeds Conservancy, is a nonprofit organization focused on preserving and promoting rare breeds, also known as "heritage breeds" of livestock.
 Founded in 1977, through the efforts of livestock breed enthusiasts concerned about the disappearance of many of the US's heritage livestock breeds, the Conservancy was the pioneer livestock preservation organization in the United States, and remains a leading organization in that field.
 It has initiated programs that have saved multiple breeds from extinction, and works closely with similar organizations in other countries, including Rare Breeds Canada.
 With 3,000 members, a staff of nine and a 19-member board of directors, the organization has an operating budget of almost half a million dollars.
The Istrian Short-haired Hound (FCI No. 151, original name is "Istarski Kratkodlaki Gonič") is a breed of dog from Istria in Croatia, descended from a very old type of scenthound.
 This hound is the slightly smaller counterpart to the longer-coated Istrian Coarse-haired Hound from the same region.
Cryoconservation of animal genetic resources is a strategy wherein samples of animal genetic materials are preserved cryogenically.
 Animal genetic resources, as defined by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, are "those animal species that are used, or may be used, for the production of food and agriculture, and the populations within each of them.
 These populations within each species can be classified as wild and feral populations, landraces and primary populations, standardised breeds, selected lines, varieties, strains and any conserved genetic material; all of which are currently categorized as Breeds."
 Genetic materials that are typically cryogenically preserved include sperm, oocytes, embryos and somatic cells.
 Cryogenic facilities are called gene banks and can vary greatly in size usually according to the economic resources available.
 They must be able to facilitate germplasm collection, processing, freezing, and long term storage, all in a hygienic and organized manner.
 Gene banks must maintain a precise database and make information and genetic resources accessible to properly facilitate cryoconservation.
 Cryoconservation is an "ex situ" conservation strategy that often coexists alongside "in situ" conservation to protect and preserve livestock genetics.
 Cryoconservation of livestock genetic resources is primarily done in order to preserve the genetics of populations of interest, such as indigenous breeds, also known as local or minor breeds.
 Material may be stored because individuals shared specific genes and phenotypes that may be of value or have potential value for researchers or breeders.
 Therefore, one of the main goals remains preserving the gene pool of local breeds that may be threatened.
 Indigenous livestock genetics are commonly threatened by factors such as globalization, modernization, changes in production systems, inappropriate introduction of major breeds, genetic drift, inbreeding, crossbreeding, climate change, natural disasters, disease, cultural changes, and urbanization.
 Indigenous livestock are critical to sustainable agricultural development and food security, due to their: adaptation to environment and endemic diseases, indispensable part in local production systems, social and cultural significance, and importance to local rural economies.
 The genetic resources of minor breeds have value to the local farmers, consumers of the products, private companies and investors interested in crossbreeding, breed associations, governments, those conducting research and development, and non-governmental organizations.
 Therefore, efforts have been made by national governments and non-governmental organizations, such as the Livestock Conservancy, to encourage conservation of livestock genetics through cryoconservation, as well as through other "ex situ" and "in situ" strategies.
 Cryogenic specimens of livestock genetic resources can be preserved and used for extended periods of time.
 This advantage makes cryoconservation beneficial particularly for threatened breeds who have low breed populations.
 Cryogenically preserved specimens can be used to revive breeds that are endangered or extinct, for breed improvement, crossbreeding, research and development.
 However, cryoconservation can be an expensive strategy and requires long term hygienic and economic commitment for germplasms to remain viable.
 Cryoconservation can also face unique challenges based on the species, as some species have a reduced survival rate of frozen germplasm.
The Bosnian Coarse-haired Hound or Bosanski Oštrodlaki Gonič, also called the Barak, is a hunting dog breed developed in Bosnia.
 The breed is a scenthound, originally used to hunt large game.
 The "Bosanski Oštrodlaki Gonič's" name is translated as coarse-haired, broken-haired, and rough-haired (among others), and refers to the texture of the shaggy coat (usually called "broken-haired" or "hard" in English.)
The Bosnian Mountain Horse (Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian: Bosanski brdski konj / Босански брдски коњ), also known as "Bosnian Pony", is the only indigenous breed of domestic horse in Bosnia and Herzegovina, where it constitutes about 70% of the horse population.
 It is a small horse and is used both as a pack animal and for riding.
 Breed numbers were severely reduced during the Bosnian War of 1992–1995, and, unlike populations of other farm animals, continued to fall after the end of the war.
Bulgarian Hound (Bulgarian: Български барак , "Balgarski Barak"), also known as Bulgarian Barak is a Bulgarian hunting breed of dog with coarse coat.
Nahal Barak (Hebrew: נחל ברק‎ ‎ ), also known as Barak gorge or Barak river, is a dry stream bed and canyon in the Arava desert in Israel's South District.
 When it is flooded, Nahal Barak forms part of the network of streams that drain the Negev desert.
 The stream itself is 18 km long, and flows into Nahal HaArava, which in turn flows into Nahal Paran.
 The stream cuts through limestone to form the gorge, which is known as White Canyon, and is available for hiking.
A Dunker, also known as the Norwegian Hound, is a medium-sized breed of dog from Norway.
 It was bred by Wilhelm Dunker to be a scenthound by crossing a Russian Harlequin Hound with dependable Norwegian scent hounds.
Dr. Safvet-beg Bašagić (6 May 1870 – 9 April 1934), also known as Mirza Safvet, was a Bosnian writer considered the father of Bosnian Renaissance, and one of most cherished poets of Bosnia and Herzegovina at the turn of the 20th century.
 Bašagić co-founded the political journal "Behar" and was a founder of the cultural society and magazine "Gajret", and was elected President of the Bosnian council in 1910.
 He is also well known for his lexicon that exceeded seven hundred biographies that he compiled over decades.
The Styrian Coarse-haired Hound (FCI No. 62), (German: "Steirische Rauhhaarbracke") is a breed of medium-sized hound dog originated in the Austrian province of Styria.
 It is bred as a scenthound, for hunting boar in mountainous terrain.
 The breed is one of the large Austrian Bracke.
