Robin R. Bottin (born April 1, 1959) is an American special make-up effects creator.
 Known for his collaborations with directors John Carpenter, Paul Verhoeven and David Fincher, Bottin worked with Carpenter on both "The Fog" and "The Thing", with Verhoeven on "RoboCop", "Total Recall" and "Basic Instinct", and with Fincher on "Se7en" and "Fight Club".
 His other film credits include "Legend", "Innerspace" and "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas".
Flesh and Blood (stylized as Flesh+Blood) is a 1985 American-Dutch-Spanish dramatic adventure film directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Rutger Hauer, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Tom Burlinson and Jack Thompson.
 The script was written by Verhoeven and Gerard Soeteman.
 The story is set in the year 1501 in Italy, during the passing of the Late Middle Ages to the Early modern period, and follows two warring groups of mercenaries and their longstanding quarrel.
Black Book (Dutch: Zwartboek ) is a 2006 Dutch thriller film co-written and directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Carice van Houten, Sebastian Koch, Thom Hoffman, and Halina Reijn.
 The film, credited as based on several true events and characters, is about a young Jewish woman in the Netherlands who becomes a spy for the resistance during World War II after tragedy befalls her in an encounter with the Nazis.
 The film had its world premiere on 1 September 2006 at the Venice Film Festival and its public release on 14 September 2006 in the Netherlands.
 It is the first film that Verhoeven made in the Netherlands since "The Fourth Man," made in 1983 before he moved to the United States.
Patrick James Kerwin (26 July 1873 – 2 September 1950) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
"Fairest of Them All" is a fan-produced "Star Trek" episode released in 2014, the third in the web series "Star Trek Continues", which aims to continue the episodes of "" replicating their visual and storytelling style.
 It was written by James Kerwin and Vic Mignogna from a story by Vic Mignogna and directed by James Kerwin.
 "Fairest of Them All" is a direct continuation of the original "Star Trek" episode "".
 In 2014, "Fairest of Them All" won the Burbank International Film Festival award for Best New Media in Drama.
James Kerwin (born October 13, 1973 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American film and theatre director.
The Fourth Man (Dutch: "De vierde man" ) is a 1983 Dutch suspense film directed by Paul Verhoeven, based on the novel "De vierde man" by Gerard Reve.
 The film stars Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk in the lead roles.
 It was Verhoeven's last film made in the Netherlands before he established himself in Hollywood; he would later return to make 2006's "Black Book".
 The film was selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 56th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
All Things Pass (Dutch: Voorbij, voorbij ; literally "Gone, gone") is a 1979 television film directed by Paul Verhoeven.
 In Douglas Keesey's book on Verhoeven, he writes that the film is a coda to Verhoeven's previous film "Soldier of Orange" (1977).
 It concerns several Dutch resistance fighters 35 years after World War II who have sworn revenge on a Dutch SS officer who shot their friend during the Netherlands' resistance to Nazi occupation.
 Upon finding the man, they discover that he is now paralysed and would suffer more to stay alive than be killed.
Yesterday Was a Lie is a 2008 neo-noir film written and directed by James Kerwin and starring Kipleigh Brown, Chase Masterson, John Newton, and Mik Scriba.
 In publicity materials, the film has been described as a combination of science fantasy and film noir.
Paul Verhoeven (] ; born 18 July 1938) is a Dutch film director, film producer, television director, television producer, and screenwriter.
 Verhoeven is active in both the Netherlands and Hollywood.
 Explicit violent and/or sexual content and social satire are trademarks of both his drama and science fiction films.
 He is best known for directing the films "RoboCop" (1987), "Total Recall" (1990), "Basic Instinct" (1992), "Showgirls" (1995), "Starship Troopers" (1997), and "Elle" (2016).
