I Love You to Death is a 1990 American black comedy film directed by Lawrence Kasdan and starring an ensemble cast featuring Kevin Kline, Tracey Ullman, Joan Plowright, River Phoenix, William Hurt, and Keanu Reeves.
Don't Blink is a 2014 American psychological horror film written and directed by Travis Oates.
 It stars an ensemble cast that includes Mena Suvari, Brian Austin Green, Joanne Kelly, and Zack Ward, who also produced.
 A group of ten friends visit a remote resort, which they subsequently find empty.
 As they attempt to find out what happened to the other guests, they are horrified to find that they too are disappearing.
 It received a limited release on September 18, 2014.
A Bucket of Blood is a 1995 American black comedy horror film directed by Michael James McDonald.
 The film also features (a then-unknown) Will Ferrell in his film debut, and Jennifer Coolidge in only her second film role.
 It is a remake of "A Bucket of Blood", the 1959 cult film directed by Roger Corman, who produced the remake.
 Both films tell the story of a nerdy busboy who turns to murder in order to create his unique sculptures.
 The remake, made for Showtime, was later released on home video under the title The Death Artist.
 It has never been made available on DVD.
 The 1995 remake follows the original closely, with some changes, including a contemporary setting.
After Hours is a 1985 American black comedy film directed by Martin Scorsese, written by Joseph Minion, and starring Griffin Dunne with an ensemble cast.
 The film follows Paul Hackett, portrayed by Dunne, as he experiences a series of misadventures while making his way home from New York City's SoHo district during the night.
A Merry Friggin' Christmas is a 2014 American black comedy film directed by Tristram Shapeero and written by Phil Johnston.
 The film stars an ensemble cast featuring Joel McHale, Lauren Graham, Clark Duke, Oliver Platt, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Tim Heidecker, Candice Bergen and Robin Williams.
 The film was released on November 7, 2014, by Phase 4 Films.
Headless Body in Topless Bar is a 1995 American black comedy and psychological horror film directed by James Bruce and written by Peter Koper.
 The ensemble cast includes Raymond J. Barry, Rustam Branaman, Jennifer McDonald, Taylor Nichols, and David Selby.
 The film's title is taken from a 1983 headline in the "New York Post" written by Vincent Musetto, and the plot is loosely based on the events that inspired the headline.
Catch-22 is a 1970 American black comedy war film adapted from the novel of the same name by Joseph Heller.
 In creating a black comedy revolving around the "lunatic characters" of Heller's satirical anti-war novel set at a fictional World War II Mediterranean base, director Mike Nichols and screenwriter Buck Henry (also in the cast) worked on the film script for two years, converting Heller's complex novel to the medium of film.
Cecil Taylor Nichols (born March 3, 1959 in Louisville, Kentucky) is an American actor best known for roles in the Whit Stillman films "Metropolitan", "Barcelona", "The Last Days of Disco", and "Damsels in Distress".
 His characters in the first three of these films were insecure, stuttering sidekicks to those of the more outgoing Chris Eigeman.
 Nichols and Eigeman also played minor roles in the independent film "The Next Step", released in 1997, of which Nichols was an associate producer.
Creepshow is a 1982 American black comedy horror anthology film directed by George A. Romero and written by Stephen King, making this film his screenwriting debut.
 The film's ensemble cast included Hal Holbrook, Adrienne Barbeau, Fritz Weaver, Leslie Nielsen, Ted Danson, and E. G. Marshall, as well as King himself in his film acting debut.
 The film was shot on location in Pittsburgh and its suburbs, including Monroeville, where Romero leased an old boys academy (Penn Hall) to build extensive sets for the film.
Vincent Musetto (May 1941 – June 9, 2015) was an American newspaper editor and film critic for the "New York Post".
 He retired from the "New York Post" in 2011.
 He was best known for having written the headline "Headless body in topless bar" in 1983.
 The events inspiring the headline served as the premise for a 1995 American black comedy by the same title, written by Peter Koper and directed by James Bruce.
 After the film was released, Musetto said he didn't know what the fuss was all about; he reported "Headless" was not his best headline.
 Musetto died on June 9, 2015, from pancreatic cancer.
