Diamond Cut Diamond is a 1932 British comedy crime film directed by Maurice Elvey and Fred Niblo and starring Adolphe Menjou, Claud Allister and Benita Hume.
 It was made at Elstree Studios by the independent producer Eric Hakim.
The Mysterious Lady (1928) is a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer silent film starring Greta Garbo, Conrad Nagel, and Gustav von Seyffertitz, directed by Fred Niblo, and based on the novel "War in the Dark" by Ludwig Wolff.
England Made Me is a 1973 British drama film directed by Peter Duffell, starring Peter Finch, Michael York, Hildegarde Neil, and Michael Hordern, and based on the novel "England Made Me" by Graham Greene.
 Tony Wollard's art direction was nominated for a British BAFTA Award.
 The film changes the novel's setting from Sweden to Nazi Germany.
 Duffel explained that he changed the location due to his lack of knowledge of Sweden in the 1930s, the use of imagery the audience would recognise and the growing menace in Europe of the time.,
Two White Arms is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Fred Niblo and starring Adolphe Menjou, Margaret Bannerman and Claud Allister.
 It is adapted from a play by Harold Dearden.
 A man becomes bored with married life and pretends to have lost his memory so he can pursue other women.
 It is also known by the alternative title Wives Beware.
Nine Lives Are Not Enough is a 1941 drama film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and written by Fred Niblo Jr..
 The film stars Ronald Reagan, Joan Perry, and James Gleason, with Howard Da Silva, Faye Emerson and Edward Brophy.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on September 20, 1941.
Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford is a 1916 Australian silent comedy film directed by Fred Niblo.
 The film was the first made by the film unit of theatrical firm J.C. Williamson, although it was one of the last to be released.
 It was Niblo's debut film as a director and is considered a lost film.
Camille is a 1926 American silent film based on the play adaptation of "La Dame aux Camélias" ("The Lady of the Camellias") by Alexandre Dumas, "fils", first published in French as a novel in 1848 and as a play in 1852.
 Adapted by Fred De Gresac, George Marion Jr., Olga Printzlau, and Chandler Sprague, "Camille" was a directed by Fred Niblo and starred Norma Talmadge as Camille and Gilbert Roland as her lover, Armand.
 It was produced by the Norma Talmadge Film Corporation and released by First National Pictures.
 The film's score was composed by William Axt.
No Place to Go is a 1939 American drama film directed by Terry O. Morse and written by Fred Niblo Jr., Lee Katz and Lawrence Kimble.
 The film stars Dennis Morgan, Gloria Dickson, Fred Stone, Sonny Bupp, Aldrich Bowker and Charles Halton.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on September 23, 1939.
The House That Dripped Blood is a 1971 British horror anthology film directed by Peter Duffell and distributed by Amicus Productions.
 It stars Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Nyree Dawn Porter, Denholm Elliott, and Jon Pertwee.
 The film is a collection of four short stories, all originally written and subsequently scripted by Robert Bloch, linked by the protagonist of each story's association with the eponymous building.
 The film carries the tagline "TERROR waits for you in every room in "The House That Dripped Blood"."
Fred Niblo Jr. (January 23, 1903 – February 1973) was a successful Hollywood screenwriter.
 His career began in 1930 and lasted a little over twenty years.
 He died in Los Angeles, California, in February 1973, aged 70.
 He was the son of director Fred Niblo and Josephine "Josie" Cohan Niblo (1874–1916), sister of George M. Cohan.
