Guilherme Marchi (born July 22, 1982) is a Brazilian professional bull rider on the Professional Bull Riders's (PBR) Built Ford Tough Series (BFTS) tour.
 He debuted late in the 2004 BFTS season, qualifying for his first-ever PBR World Finals and finishing 41st in the world.
 After finishing in the runner-up position for the PBR World Championship in three consecutive years, he won his first title in 2008.
 Statistically, Marchi is one of the most consistent riders on the tour, and he is a key member of the Brazilian PBR family of bull riders on the BFTS.
 He has qualified for the PBR World Finals every year since his rookie year of 2004.
Ernie LaPointe (born 1948) is the great-grandson of Hunkpapa Lakota chief, Sitting Bull (Tatanka Iyotake).
 He is a Sun Dancer, Native American author, orator, and president and founder of the Sitting Bull Family Foundation (SBFF).
 The documentary "Sitting Bull's Voice" recounts LaPointe’s journey from childhood through struggles overcoming alcohol and marijuana use related to PTSD while homeless, the embracement of his culture and the spiritual ways
Balarama (born c. 1958) was the lead elephant of the world famous Mysore Dasara procession and carried the idol of goddess Chamundeshwari on the fabled Golden Howdah for a thirteen times between 1999 and 2011.
 Balarama is a bull born about 1958 and is accompanied in the procession by other Dasara Elephants.
 Of the many (about 16) elephants participating, Balarama was one of the star attraction when he carried on his back the sacred idol of goddess Chamundeshwari in the 800 kg golden howdah on the auspicious 10th day of Dasara celebrations.
Bones #05 (born March 31, 2003) is a retired world champion bucking bull owned by Tom Teague.
 In 2014, he received the Professional Bull Riders (PBR) Brand of Honor, the highest honor bestowed upon a bull by the PBR .
 He bucked on the PBR tour for four years on the Built Ford Tough Series (BFTS) elite circuit.
 The Brand of Honor designation is comparable to a hall of fame induction for the PBR.
 Bones was also awarded the World Champion Bull title in 2008 and 2010 at the PBR World Finals.
 Only one other bull, Dillinger, won the title two times.
 Two other bulls, Little Yellow Jacket and Bushwacker, won the award three times.
 In 2011, the year after Bones won the 2010 World Champion Bull title, when the bull was 7 years old, Teague announced his retirement from the sport.
 Bones lives on Teague's ranch in his retirement.
Sibrandes Poppema (born July 24, 1949 in Emmen, Netherlands) is a Dutch Canadian university professor and academic administrator.
 He is the president of the University of Groningen in the city of Groningen, Netherlands.
 He took up office on September 1, 2008 and is currently in his third term that will end on September 30, 2018.
 During his tenure the University of Groningen 4 year bachelor study success improved from less than 50% to more than 75%, the university became the best classical university in the Netherlands according to student satisfaction and in the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) the university rose from #112 to #59 .
 Poppema previously served as Dean of Medical Sciences and as vice-president of the University Medical Center Groningen from September 1999 till 2008.
 He was Chair of the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the University Hospital in Groningen from 1995 till 1999.
 From 1987 till 1995 he worked in Canada as the Director of Laboratory Medicine at the Cross Cancer Institute and Professor of Pathology and Oncology at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta.
 From 1980 till 1987 Poppema was a clinician scientist in the Department of Pathology of the University of Groningen.
 In 1985 he became the first J.K. de Cock Professor of Immunopathology.
Kody Lostroh is a professional bull rider.
 He was born in Longmont, Colorado on September 18, 1985.
 He started riding steers when he was 8 years old at the Boulder County Fair which began his career as a professional bull rider.
 He participated in Little Britches Rodeo in his youth and won several national titles.
 He won the High School Rodeo Bull Riding Championship all four years that he was in high school.
 Kody received a scholarship from the University of Wyoming based on bull riding, but quit after a semester to pursue the Professional Bull Riders (PBR) tour.
 In 2005 Kody Lostroh won the PBR Rookie of the Year award and in 2009 he won the PBR World Championship.
 Lostroh has qualified for the PBR World Finals 10 times (2005-2014).
 He raises bucking bulls in Ault, Colorado at the "Shield of Faith Cattle" company.
The Buxtehude Bull (German: "Buxtehuder Bulle") is a prize for youth literature, established in 1971 by Winfried Ziemann, a book merchant from Buxtehude, a small, thousand year old city, located in the Hamburg Metropolitan Region.
 The city took over the sponsorship of the prize in 1981.
 The prize is given annually to the best children's or young-adults' book for youth published (written or translated) the preceding year in German.
 The endowed award of 5 thousand euros is named after the bull Ferdinand, from the popular work "The Story of Ferdinand" by Munro Leaf.
 The book author is given a small steel statue of a bull (German: "Bulle").
Colin Fleming (born April 21, 1984 in San Diego, California) is an American former racing driver who completed in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup, Formula Renault 2000 Germany and Formula Renault 3.5 in 2005 and 2006 with Jenzer Motorsport and Carlin Motorsport, he was also a member from the Red Bull Junior Team, Fleming finished 4th in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup in 2004 and was rookie of the year in the Formula Renault 2000 Germany also in that year.
 He also raced against fellow American and Californian and future Formula One Driver Scott Speed.
 In 2005 he switched to the Formula Renault 3.5 with Swiss team Jenzer Motorsport, despite three DNS in the first 3 and missing one race of that season he finished 13th with 34 points with a best finish of 3rd in the second race in the Bugatti Circuit, to 2006 he switched to Carlin where he finished 6th in the first race of the season in Zolder, however he failed to qualify to the Second Race of the weekend and he finished 4th in Circuit de Monaco and 8th in both races in Istanbul Park, after this round he asked to leave Carlin and the Red Bull Junior Team, Red Bull officially released him and he was replaced by fellow Red Bull Junior Team member and Future Formula One Champion Sebastian Vettel, after leaving Red Bull, he returned to the United States to complete in the Atlantic Championship mid-season and he finished 20th with 45 points and since then has not raced anymore in a Major Series, until he decided to retire.
 Now Colin is a high-level executive with Salesforce.
Justin Chase Tranchita (born June 22, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and businessman from Detroit Michigan.
 Born in Geneva raised in Princeton, Illinois he is the fourth child of nine.
 He achieved popularity by his recurring role on Game of Pawns and his music.
 His first release "The Devil Song" was released on Fools Parade in January 2012, followed by the debut album "Cock of the Walk" in May that year.
 In October 2012 Tranchita received an award at the Exposure Music Awards in London for Best International Act .
 Tranchita released the country western song "This is America" in 2015 and his big break in the music business came when Ben Carson used his single This is America as his campaign song , subsequently the song became popular and achieved commercial success as the number one song on the Billboard Twitter Emerging Artist chart in November 2015.
 He told Billboard magazine, “I really feel strongly about this election.”
 I really want to help the country somehow.”
 Tranchita's freshman Country album "American Man" will be released in January 2016.
Jan Bull (7 January 1927 – 16 December 1985) was a Norwegian author and theater instructor.
 Born in Paris, he was son of the Norwegian poet Olaf Bull and the grandson of author Jacob Breda Bull.
