Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo has officially sung 147 roles in Italian, French, German, English, Spanish and Russian.
 His main repertoire however is Italian ("Otello", Cavaradossi in "Tosca", "Don Carlo", Des Grieux in "Manon Lescaut", Dick Johnson in "La fanciulla del West", Radames in "Aida"), French ("Faust", "Werther", Don José in "Carmen", Samson in "Samson et Dalila"), and German ("Lohengrin", "Parsifal", and Siegmund in "Die Walküre").
 Domingo currently continues to add more operas to his repertoire.
 Since 2009, he has moved substantially into the baritone repertoire, especially focusing on Verdi baritone roles.
 In 2015, he made his most recent debuts as Macbeth at the Berliner Staatsoper, Don Carlo in "Ernani" at the Metropolitan Opera, and Gianni Schicchi at the Los Angeles Opera.
 Tim Page, a Pulitzer Prize-winner for music criticism, described Domingo in a 1996 "Washington Post" article as "the most versatile, intelligent and altogether accomplished operatic tenor now before the public."
Plácido Domingo Ferrer (8 March 1907 – 22 November 1987) was a Spanish zarzuela baritone and father of popular operatic tenor Plácido Domingo.
 Half Catalan and half Aragonese, he grew up and made his early career in Zaragoza, the capital of Aragon.
 He frequently toured Spain with his soprano wife Pepita Embil.
 In late 1948, they permanently moved to Mexico, where they successfully ran their own zarzuela company.
 He also appeared in recordings and on Mexican television.
"Perhaps Love" is a song that John Denver wrote and recorded as a duet with Plácido Domingo.
 The song appeared on Domingo's 1981 album of the same title.
 "Perhaps Love" is the only song on the album with Denver's vocals alongside Domingo's.
 However, Denver also appears on the album's cover version of his composition "Annie's Song", where he accompanies Domingo on guitar.
 Released as a single with "Annie's Song" on the B side, "Perhaps Love" peaked at #22 on the U.S. Adult Contemporary chart and #59 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1982.
 Remaining in print, the song sold almost four million copies by 2008.
José Plácido Domingo Embil, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (] ; born 21 January 1941), known as Plácido Domingo, is a Spanish tenor, conductor and arts administrator.
 He has recorded over a hundred complete operas and is well known for his versatility, regularly performing in Italian, French, German, Spanish, English and Russian in the most prestigious opera houses in the world.
 Although primarily a "lirico-spinto" tenor for most of his career, especially popular for his Cavaradossi, Hoffmann, Don José, and Canio, he quickly moved into more dramatic roles, becoming the most acclaimed Otello of his generation.
 In the early 2010s, he transitioned from the tenor repertory into almost exclusively baritone parts, most notably Simon Boccanegra.
 He has performed 147 different roles.
The Enchanted Island is a "pasticcio" (pastiche) of music by various baroque composers, including George Frideric Handel, Antonio Vivaldi, and Jean-Philippe Rameau, devised and written by Jeremy Sams after "The Tempest" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream" by William Shakespeare.
 It was created by Julian Crouch and Phelim McDermott and premiered by the Metropolitan Opera on December 31, 2011, starring David Daniels, Joyce DiDonato, Danielle de Niese, Luca Pisaroni, and Lisette Oropesa.
 The popular 70-year-old Spanish tenor, Plácido Domingo, played the small but important part of the sea god Neptune.
 The following month a performance of the "pasticcio" was broadcast live into movie theaters across the world as part of the Metropolitan Opera Live in HD series.
 In late 2012, Virgin Classics released this broadcast version on DVD.
 The Met revived "The Enchanted Island" two seasons later.
 Daniels, de Niese, Pisaroni, and Domingo revived their roles from the premiere.
 Susan Graham assumed the role of Sycorax from DiDonato.
The Private Lives of the Three Tenors is a gossip biography of tenors Plácido Domingo, Luciano Pavarotti, and José Carreras by Marcia Lewis, the mother of Monica Lewinsky.
 The book received high-level publicity during the 1998 Lewinsky scandal, as journalists compared Lewis' "hints" of an affair with popular opera singer, Plácido Domingo, to Lewinsky’s then-unproven allegations against U.S. President Bill Clinton.
 Domingo insisted that he only knew Lewis socially.
De Mi Alma Latina (also known as From My Latin Soul) is a 1994 Latin music album by Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo.
 It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album of the year.
 Most of the tracks on the album are medleys of, in the words of one author, "some of the Latino world's most memorable melodies."
 The only new composition on the album, "De México a Buenos Aires", was written by Domingo's son Plácido Domingo Jr. All the songs are in Spanish, except for "Manhã de Carnaval" and "Aquarela do Brasil", which are in Portuguese.
 Domingo also used "De Mi Alma Latina" and "From My Latin Soul" as the names for some of his subsequent Latin music concerts.
 In 1997, he released a follow-up album entitled "De Mi Alma Latina 2".
Songs is a 2012 popular song album by Plácido Domingo for Sony Classical.
 Guests on the album include Katherine Jenkins singing "Come What May", Josh Groban in "Sous le ciel de Paris", Susan Boyle, and Harry Connick Jr. in "Time After Time" as well as a duet with his son Plácido Domingo Jr.
 The orchestra is conducted by Eugene Kohn.
Cavalleria rusticana is a 1982 Italian film directed by Franco Zeffirelli based on Pietro Mascagni's 1890 opera of the same name.
 It stars tenor Plácido Domingo, mezzo-soprano Elena Obraztsova, and baritone Renato Bruson, all singing their own roles.
 Georges Prêtre conducted the Teatro alla Scala Orchestra for the movie's soundtrack.
 The film was made for broadcast on television.
 In 2003, it was released on DVD by Deutsche Grammophon, paired with "Pagliacci", also starring Plácido Domingo and directed by Franco Zeffirelli.
Josefa "Pepita" Embil Echániz (Basque: "Josefa Enbil Etxaniz"; February 28, 1918—August 28, 1994) was a Spanish Basque soprano who starred in zarzuela and operetta productions throughout Spain and Latin America.
 Known as the "Queen of Zarzuela," she is especially remembered for her son, the internationally famous operatic tenor Plácido Domingo, whose early career she helped to nurture.
 Embil began her professional career singing as a soloist in choirs, including the Basque national choir, Eresoinka, which based itself in France during the Spanish Civil War.
 While still in her twenties, she appeared in the world premieres of several new zarzuelas.
 She collaborated with some of the most prominent Spanish composers of the 1940s, including Federico Moreno Torroba, Jacinto Guerrero, and Pablo Sorozábal.
 In late 1948, she moved to Mexico with her baritone husband, Plácido Domingo Ferrer.
 In Mexico they ran a successful zarzuela company of their own, which toured throughout the Americas.
 Over the course of her career, Embil made several recordings, primarily of zarzuela music.
