Lynda Stoner (born 10 September 1953) is an Australian animal rights activist and former actress.
 She is the chief executive of Animal Liberation, an animal rights charity.
Greg Avery (born 1963) is a British animal rights activist.
 He is chiefly known as a founding member of several influential animal rights campaigns – focusing on opposition to the animal testing industry – that have dramatically altered the nature of the animal rights movement in the UK.
 His latest involvement is with Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty (SHAC), an international campaign to force the closure of Huntingdon Life Sciences (HLS), an animal-testing company based in the UK and US.
 "The Guardian" describes Avery as the "de facto leader" of SHAC.
Roberta Kalechofsky (born May 11, 1931) is an American writer, feminist and animal rights activist, focusing on the issue of animal rights within Judaism and the promotion of vegetarianism within the Jewish community.
 She is the founder of Jews for Animal Rights and runs Micah Publications or Micah Books, which specializes in the publication of animal-rights, Jewish vegetarian, and Holocaust literature.
 She is married to Dr. Robert Kalechofsky, a retired mathematics professor from Salem State University, author of several books on theoretical mathematics, and a long-time long-distance runner, despite three knee replacements.
 They appear together representing Micah Books at publisher, writer, vegetarian, and animal rights events around North America, including the Boston Vegetarian Society's annual Boston Vegetarian Food Festival.
 She is a popular speaker in vegetarian groups, though she is not considered 'standard fare' for such groups.
Rebecca Moore (born May 21, 1968 in New York City) is an American musician, actress and animal rights activist.
 Notable for her participation at a very young age in performance art and experimental theater productions()(), and for her own music, she is also known to some as a muse of the singer Jeff Buckley.
 She is the daughter of Peter Moore, a photographer of experimental art and artists in NYC (from the 1950s through his death in 1993) and his wife, Barbara, an art historian.
 After slightly over two decades of work devoted to experimental art, music and activist realms in NYC (1984-2007) Moore went to work in areas of animal rescue & care and animal rights advocacy.
Ady Gil is an Israeli animal rights activist living in Hollywood, California, United States of America.
 He is a vegan.
 Gil was raised in Ramat Gan, he joined the Israel Air Force from where he retired at the age of 22.
 He emigrated to USA.
 There in partnership with Erez Ram, also a veteran of the Israeli Defence Forces, he founded in 1992, American Hi Definition Inc, a company involved in high definition big screen video projection.
 In 1997 with Erez Ram and Joe Shckelford they started another company , Sweetwater Digital.
 In November 2010, the companies were acquired by NEP Broadcasting.
 After this sale Gil became a full time animal rights activist.
 He donated USD 6 million to his organization Ady Gil World Conservation.
 Gil set up a shelter for cats and dogs in Los Angeles and paid for sterilization of 6000 cats in Israel.
 He built a large roosting structure for eagles in a wildlife sanctuary on Mount Carmel.
 Gil donated millions to Sea Shepherd Conservation Society to refurbish a ship for use for its anti-whaling campaigns, the ship was given his name Ady Gil, the ship suffered sinking 290 km from Antarctica as a result of an incident with the Japanese ship Shonan Maru No 2 used for killing whales.
 The loss of the ship has been the subject of litigation between Gil and Paul Watson founder and director of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society.
 In December 2014, Gil paid USD 2 million to rescue 1300 monkeys from a facility that bred them so that they would not be exported to the United States for being subjected to experiments that maimed and killed them.
Ingrid E. Newkirk (born June 11, 1949) is an English-born British-American animal rights activist and the president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), the world's largest animal rights organization.
 She is the author of several books, including "Making Kind Choices" (2005) and "The PETA Practical Guide to Animal Rights: Simple Acts of Kindness to Help Animals in Trouble" (2009).
The Iranian Anti-Vivisection Association (IAVA) is a nonprofit nongovernmental science-based organization.
 It's the first animal rights advocacy group in Iran which professionally campaigns for lab animal rights‌‌.
 In 2012, IAVA was recognized as Iran's most active animal rights group and was awarded the "Brown Bear" statuette by "Iran Animal Rights Watch" and a number of environmental parties.
Lorri Houston (aka Lorri Bauston) is a pioneer for the farm animal sanctuary movement.
 Houston has been an animal rights researcher, activist, and a vegan for most of her life.
 She co-founded the Farm Sanctuary in 1986 and founded Animal Acres in 2005.
 Houston has played a crucial role in the animal rights and activism movement over the past 20 years, and has made significant contributions to legislation and legal terminology regarding animal cruelty against farm animals subject to factory farming.
 Houston's work with animal rights is strongly tied to Feminist Theory because of its deep-rooted connections between the oppression of women and the oppression of animals in society.
Barry Horne (17 March 1952 – 5 November 2001) was an English animal rights activist.
 He became known around the world in December 1998, when he engaged in a 68-day hunger strike in an effort to persuade the British government to hold a public inquiry into animal testing, something the Labour Party had said it would do before it came to power in 1997.
 The hunger strike took place while Horne was serving an 18-year sentence for planting incendiary devices in stores that sold fur coats and leather products, the longest sentence handed down to any animal rights activist by a British court.
Martin Balluch (born 12 October 1964) is an Austrian physicist, philosopher, and prominent animal rights activist.
 He co-founded the Austrian Vegan Society in 1999, and has been president of the Austrian Association Against Animal Factories ("") since 2002.
 The philosopher Peter Singer has called Balluch "one of the foremost spokesmen in the worldwide animal rights movement for pursuing the nonviolent, democratic road to reform. "
 He was invited to run as a Green Party candidate in September 2008.
