Wandering Stars is an anthology of Jewish fantasy and science fiction, edited by American writer Jack Dann, originally published by Harper & Row in 1974.
 It represented, according to the book cover, "the first time in science fiction that the Jew - and the richness of his themes and particular points of view -- will appear without a mask."
 In his introduction, "Why Me?"
, Isaac Asimov discussed how many Jewish science fiction writers prior to that time had used gentile pen names in order to get published: "Many of the Jewish pulp writers, however, used pen names as a matter of sound business.
 A story entitled "War Gods of the Oyster-Men of Deneb" did not carry conviction if it was written by someone named Chaim Itzkowitz."
 He then goes on to discuss the pen names of various Jewish writers included in this book.
 "Wandering Stars" is therefore of historical significance as the first science fiction anthology where Jewish writers openly identified themselves as such.
 It was followed by a second anthology, "More Wandering Stars", also edited by Jack Dann, published by Doubleday in 1981.
Nelson Richard DeMille (born August 23, 1943) is an American author of action adventure and suspense novels.
 His novels include "Plum Island", "The Charm School", and "The Gold Coast".
 DeMille has also written under the pen names Jack Cannon, Kurt Ladner, Ellen Kay and Brad Matthews.
Wild Fire is a 2006 novel by American author, Nelson DeMille.
 It is the fourth of DeMille's novels to feature Detective John Corey, now working as a contractor for the fictional FBI Anti-Terrorist Task Force in New York City.
 The novel is the sequel to Night Fall and takes place approximately one year later.
 Wild Fire is followed by DeMille’s 2010 novel, The Lion.
The Lion's Game is a 2000 novel by American author Nelson DeMille.
 It is the second of DeMille's novels to feature the detective John Corey, now working as a contractor for the fictional FBI Anti-Terrorist Task Force in New York City.
 The 2000 novel The Lion’s Game is the sequel to Plum Island and is followed by the 2004 book Night Fall.
 The book also briefly mentions events from other DeMille novels like "The Charm School" and "The Gold Coast", that aren't strictly part of the Corey-universe.
The bibliography of George Orwell includes journalism, essays, novels and non-fiction books written by the British writer Eric Blair (1903–50), either under his own name or, more usually, under his pen name George Orwell.
 Orwell was a prolific writer on topics related to contemporary English society and literary criticism, whom the British newsweekly "The Economist" in 2008 declared "perhaps the 20th century's best chronicler of English culture."
 His non-fiction cultural and political criticism constitutes the majority of his work, but Orwell also wrote in several genres of fictional literature.
George Orwell: A Life in Pictures is a 2003 BBC Television docudrama telling the life story of the British author George Orwell.
 Chris Langham plays the part of Orwell.
 No surviving sound recordings or video of the real George Orwell have been found.
Ramsey Dukes is the current and most well-known pen name of Lionel Snell, a contemporary English magician, publisher and author on magic and philosophy.
 He has also under the pen names Lemuel Johnston.
 Angerford and Lea, Adamai Philotunus and Per Anum Ad Astra.
 His regular satirical column "The Satanist's Diary" was published in the magazine "Aquarian Arrow" during the 1980s and early 1990s under the pen name The Hon Hugo C StJ l'Estrange and included a multitude of other pen names as contributors.
Radiant Angel is a 2015 novel by American author Nelson DeMille.
 It is the seventh of DeMille's novels to feature Detective John Corey, now working as a contractor for the fictional FBI Anti-Terrorist Task Force in New York City.
 The novel is the sequel to "The Panther".
 Radiant Angel debuted as #1 on the "New York Times" Best Seller List.
 It was released in England as A Quiet End.
The Lion is a 2010 novel by American author Nelson DeMille.
 It is the fifth of DeMille's novels to feature Detective John Corey, now working as a contractor for the fictional FBI Anti-Terrorist Task Force in New York City.
 The novel is the sequel to "Wild Fire".
 The Lion is followed by DeMille’s 2012 novel, "The Panther".
The Panther is a 2012 novel by American author Nelson DeMille.
 It is the sixth of DeMille's novels to feature Detective John Corey, now working as a contractor for the fictional FBI Anti-Terrorist Task Force in New York City.
 The novel is the sequel to "The Lion".
 The Panther is followed by DeMille’s 2015 novel, "Radiant Angel".
 Also featured in this novel is DeMille’s other fictional character, Paul Brenner, who appears in The General's Daughter and Up Country.
