Brassica elongata, the elongated mustard or long-stalked rape, is a species of the mustard plant that is native to parts of Central Europe, Eastern Europe, the Balkan Peninsula, the Caucasus, Morocco and parts of Central Asia.
 Through plant invasion this species has become naturalized in many other parts of the world.
 Some of these naturalized regions include South Africa, North Western Europe, Australia and North America.
 Given the wide range of climate and ecological conditions of these regions, "B. elongata" has been able to disrupt the ecosystems of their native plant habitats and has been label as an invasive species in many of its naturalized zones.
 In North America, this species is often found as a roadside weed in the southwestern states, particularly in the state of Nevada.
 Studies allude that the Cruciferae might have migrated through the Bering land bridge from what is now Central Asia.
 Commonly known as the long-stalked rape or as "langtraubiger Kohl " in German, this species is a close cousin to "Brassica napus" (rapeseed) and a secondary genetic relative to "B. oleracea" (kale).
 As a close genetic species of the rapeseed, the long-stalked rape has one of the highest counts of accumulated polyunsaturated linoleic and linolenic acid.
 Both compounds are heavily used to manufacture vegetable oils.
 "Brassica elongata" has the propagative potential of turning into a horticultural product from what is currently a noxious weed.
Winterhaven (formerly, Karmack) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Imperial County, California.
 Winterhaven is located 6.5 mi east of Pilot Knob, The population was 394 at the 2010 census, down from 529 at the 2000 census.
 It is part of the 'El Centro, California Metropolitan Statistical Area'.
 North of Interstate 8 and bordering Yuma, Arizona, the town is partly located in the Fort Yuma Indian Reservation.
 The Colorado River marks the town's eastern border.
Anacamptis palustris is a species of orchid.
 It is found in Europe, North Africa and western Asia.
 This orchid is native to Western and Central Europe, the Mediterranean region, the Balearic Islands, Turkey, Western Asia, Algeria and Tunisia in North Africa, and Saudi Arabia.
Slab City or The Slabs is largely a snowbird community in the Sonoran Desert located in Imperial County, California, 156 miles northeast of San Diego within the California Badlands, and used by recreational vehicle owners and squatters from across North America.
 It took its name from concrete slabs that remained from the abandoned World War II Marine Corps barracks of Camp Dunlap.
Tragopogon dubius (yellow salsify, western salsify, western goat's-beard, wild oysterplant, yellow goat's beard, goat's beard, goatsbeard, common salsify, salsify) is a species of salsify native to southern and central Europe and western Asia and found as far north and west as northern France.
 Although it has been reported from Kashmir and India, recent evidence suggests that specimens from these areas may be a different species.
 Western salsify has been introduced into North America where it has become widespread, being reported from all the continental United States except for a few in the far south-east, and all provinces of Canada except Newfoundland and the northern territories.
Rhamnus cathartica, the buckthorn, common buckthorn or purging buckthorn, is a species of small tree in the flowering plant family Rhamnaceae.
 It is native to Europe, northwest Africa and western Asia, from the central British Isles south to Morocco, and east to Kyrgyzstan.
 It was introduced to North America as an ornamental shrub in the early 19th century or perhaps before, and is now naturalized in the northern half of the continent, and is classified as an invasive plant in several US states and in Ontario, Canada.
Geranium lucidum, commonly known as shining cranesbill or (in North America) shining geranium or shiny geranium, is a herbaceous annual plant of the genus "Geranium".
 It is native to Europe, western Asia and North Africa.
 It has been introduced to North America as a garden plant and in places, particularly the Pacific Northwest, has become naturalised and is viewed as an invasive species and noxious weed.
Aegilops triuncialis, or barbed goatgrass, is a winter annual grass species of the Poaceae family.
 It is native to many areas in Eastern and Mediterranean Europe and Western Asia.
 It is considered an introduced, invasive species in North America, mainly in the Western coast of the United States.
 In its native lands, the grass thrives in mainly rocky, serpentine soil, but also does well in grasslands and ruderal/disturbed ground as well as oak woodlands.
Agrilus planipennis, commonly known as the emerald ash borer, is a green buprestid or jewel beetle native to northeastern Asia that feeds on ash species.
 Females lay eggs in bark crevices on ash trees, and larvae feed underneath the bark of ash trees to emerge as adults in one to two years.
 In its native range, it is typically found at low densities and does not cause significant damage to trees native to the area.
 Outside its native range, it is an invasive species and is highly destructive to ash trees native to northwest Europe and North America.
 Prior to being found in North America, very little was known about emerald ash borer in its native range; this has resulted in much of the research on its biology being focused in North America.
 Local governments in North America are attempting to control it by monitoring its spread, diversifying tree species, insecticides, and biological control.
Populus" section "Aigeiros is a section of three species in the genus "Populus", the poplars.
 Like some other species in the genus "Populus", they are commonly known as cottonwoods.
 The species are native to North America, Europe, and western Asia.
 In the past, as many as six species were recognized, but recent trends have been to accept just three species, treating the others as subspecies of "P. deltoides".
