Barcelona is the second solo album recorded by Freddie Mercury, frontman of popular British rock band Queen, and operatic soprano Montserrat Caballé.
 Released in 1988.
 It is the second and final solo album recorded by Mercury.
"Planet Earth" is the third single by Eskimo Joe, taken from their debut album "Girl".
 "Planet Earth" reached #31 on Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2001.
Planet Earth: The Future is a 2006 BBC documentary series on the environment and conservation, produced by the BBC Natural History Unit as a companion to the multi-award winning nature documentary "Planet Earth".
 The programmes were originally broadcast on BBC Four immediately after the final three episodes of "Planet Earth" on BBC One.
 Each episode highlights the conservation issues surrounding some of the species and environments featured in "Planet Earth", using interviews with the film-makers and eminent figures from the fields of science, conservation, politics, and theology.
 The programmes are narrated by Simon Poland and the series producer was Fergus Beeley.
Planet Earth Live is a 2010 BBC nature documentary film that celebrated its premier in the U.S. with a tour featuring narration and live orchestral accompaniment featuring the score by composer George Fenton, who serves as conductor.
 Each show runs 90 minutes plus an intermission, featuring the highlights from the television series "Planet Earth" in a full high definition screening with live orchestra and narration.
 The tour features some of the leading classical orchestras providing accompaniment in prominent music venues in several large cities.
 The tour which was originally scheduled to visit Dallas, Atlanta, Chicago and Los Angeles, has added performances in Philadelphia and the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area.
 In 2011, the documentary played in the United Kingdom.
Planet Earth is a television soundtrack album of incidental music commissioned by the BBC Natural History Unit for its 2006 nature documentary series of the same name.
 The music was composed and conducted by award-winning composer George Fenton, and performed by the BBC Concert Orchestra.
 Fenton had previously composed scores for several BBC wildlife series, among them "Life in the Freezer", "The Trials of Life" and the predecessor to "Planet Earth", "The Blue Planet".
Planet Earth Rock and Roll Orchestra is the final solo album by Paul Kantner and the only Kantner solo release to be solely credited to the singer-songwriter.
 The title comes from an unofficial name for San Francisco artists who recorded on various albums in 1970–1973, also known as PERRO.
 "The Mountain Song" is dedicated "to David C, Jerry G, Graham N, Grace S, David F, Billy K and Mickey H and to one summer when all of our schedules almost didn't conflict," and was written during the 1970s recording sessions by Kantner and Jerry Garcia.
 On the album, Kantner utilizes many of his collaborators and family members to front an extended musical trip similar to his then-recent Jefferson Starship efforts.
The Planet Earth Rock and Roll Orchestra is a nickname given to artists who recorded together in the early 1970s.
 They were predominantly members of Jefferson Airplane, the Grateful Dead, Quicksilver Messenger Service, and Crosby, Stills and Nash.
 Their first album together was "Blows Against the Empire", when they were known as Jefferson Starship.
The Raven is the nineteenth solo album by Lou Reed.
 It is a concept album released in 2003, recounting the short stories and poems of Edgar Allan Poe through word and song, and was based on his 2000 opera cowritten with Robert Wilson, "POEtry".
 It also features new and very different versions of "The Bed" and "Perfect Day", two of the best-known songs in Reed's catalog, and the noise music song "Fire Music".
 In addition to Reed, the album features a number of guest vocalists including Laurie Anderson, David Bowie, Antony Hegarty, Steve Buscemi and Willem Dafoe.
 The producer, Hal Willner, had previously overseen the Poe tribute album "Closed on Account of Rabies".
 It is the final solo rock album by Reed, as his final overall solo album consisted entirely of meditational new age music, and his final rock album was a collaboration with Metallica.
Degradation Trip is the second and to date, final solo album by Alice in Chains guitarist and vocalist Jerry Cantrell, released on June 18, 2002.
 It marks his difficult transition from Columbia Records to Roadrunner, and was dedicated to Alice in Chains lead singer Layne Staley, who died two months before the album's release.
 "Degradation Trip" featured two singles and was well received by critics, faring better than Cantrell's solo debut and bearing stronger resemblance to his work in Alice in Chains. ""
Anger Rising"" and ""Angel Eyes"" were released as singles. "
"Anger Rising"" reached No. 10 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks and stayed on the chart for 18 weeks.
Planet Earth Attack is the follow up album by Blackburner to Feel the Burn.
 It features William Shatner on "Planet Earth Attack"
