Legacy Holladay Park Medical Center is a hospital located in Portland, Oregon, United States.
 It was founded in 1893 as Hahnemann Hospital.
 By 1947 the hospital had 100 beds, and that year it changed its name to Holladay Park Hospital with plans to expand to 200 beds.
 With a 1985 merger with Physicians & Surgeons Hospital (which had been known as Coffey Memorial Hospital until 1945), the name was changed to Holladay Park Medical Center.
 At that time both hospitals were part of Metropolitan Hospitals, Inc. that had been formed by Physicians & Surgeons Hospital and Emanuel Hospital.
 After becoming part of Legacy Health when it was formed in 1989, Legacy closed the then 171-bed hospital in 1994.
 As of 2014, the former hospital was used by Legacy as the Legacy Research Institute.
 Legacy proposed converting the building into an emergency room for psychiatric patients in 2014 after the Legacy Research Institute moved to a new building.
 Legacy, Oregon Health & Science University, Adventist Health, and Kaiser Permanente agreed to operate the ER, with a planned opening in 2016.
Children’s National Medical Center (formerly DC Children’s Hospital) is ranked among the top 10 children’s hospitals in the country by "U.S. News & World Report."
 Located just north of the McMillan Reservoir and Howard University, it shares grounds with Washington Hospital Center, National Rehabilitation Hospital, and the DC Veterans Affairs Medical Center.
 Kurt Newman, M.D., has served as the president and chief executive officer of Children’s National since 2011.
 Children's National is a not-for-profit institution that performs more than 450,000 visits each year.
 Featuring 303 beds and a Level IV NICU, Children's National is the regional referral center for pediatric emergency, trauma, cancer, cardiac and critical care as well as neonatology, orthopaedic surgery, neurology and neurosurgery.
Banner - University Medical Center Tucson (BUMCT), formerly University Medical Center and the University of Arizona Medical Center, is a private, non-profit, 487-bed acute-care hospital located on the campus of the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona.
 BUMCT is part of the University of Arizona Health Sciences (UAHS) center campus which includes the university's Colleges of Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy and Public Health.
 It is Southern Arizona's only Level I trauma center for both adult and pediatric patients.
 BUMCT is one of two University of Arizona affiliated academic medical centers in Tucson with Banner - University Medical Center South (formerly Kino Community Hospital, University Physicians Healthcare Hospital, and University of Arizona Medical Center - South Campus) being the other such institution.
 The area's only dedicated Children's hospital, Banner Children's at Diamond Children's Medical Center, is located within and adjacent to BUMCT.
Murphy Medical Center (MMC) is a hospital located in Murphy, North Carolina certified by the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
 Murphy Medical Center is the only hospital west of Bryson City and Franklin.
 MMC is licensed for 191 beds.
 Of the 191 beds, 120 are nursing home beds, 57 are general beds, and 14 are alzheimers beds.
Brad Robert Wenstrup (born June 17, 1958) is an American politician, Army Reserve officer, and Doctor of Podiatric Medicine, who has been the U.S. Representative for Ohio 's 2 congressional district since 2013.
 A Republican, he defeated U.S. Representative Jean Schmidt in the 2012 Republican primary election and Democrat William R. Smith in the 2012 general election.
 Wenstrup is a colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve and an Iraq War veteran.
 After the shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise on the morning of June 14, 2017, Wenstrup attended to the wounded congressman until he was transported to MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is one of the national capital area's oldest academic teaching hospitals.
 It is a not-for-profit, acute care teaching and research facility located in the Georgetown neighborhood of the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C.
 MedStar Georgetown is co-located with the Georgetown University Medical Center and is affiliated with the Georgetown University School of Medicine.
 Its clinical services represent one of the largest, most geographically diverse, and fully integrated healthcare and delivery networks in the area.
 MedStar Georgetown is home to the internationally known Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, as well as centers of excellence in the neurology, neurosurgery, psychiatry, gastroenterology, transplant and vascular surgery.
 Originally named Georgetown University Hospital, it became part of the MedStar Health network in 2000.
Providence Portland Medical Center, located at 4805 NE Glisan St. in the North Tabor neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, is a full-service medical center specializing in cancer and cardiac care.
 Opened in 1941, the hospital is licensed for 483 beds, and has over 3,000 employees.
 There are approximately 1,000 physicians on staff.
 The campus is also home to Providence Child Center, a 58-bed facility dedicated exclusively to medically fragile children.
 Providence Portland Medical Center is part of the Providence Health & Services in Oregon.
 Providence Portland Medical Center is one of four nursing magnet hospitals in Oregon, the others being Providence St. Vincent Medical Center, Veterans Affairs hospital, and OHSU Hospital in Portland.
MedStar Washington Hospital Center is the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C. A member of MedStar Health, the not-for-profit Hospital Center is licensed for 926 beds.
 Health services in primary, secondary and tertiary care are offered to adult and neonatal patients.
 It also serves as a teaching hospital for Georgetown University School of Medicine.
Vassar Brother Medical Center (locally known as Vassar Hospital or VBMC) is a major medical facility located in the city of Poughkeepsie, New York that is a member of the Health Quest network, a nonprofit family of hospitals and healthcare centers in the Hudson Valley area.
 VBMC is one of two major medical centers located in Dutchess County, New York, the other being Mid-Hudson Regional Hospital of Westchester Medical Center.
 The hospital was first incorporated in 1882 under the name Vassar Brothers Hospital, following contributions made by John Guy Vassar following the death of his brother.
 The hospital opened its doors in 1887, and initially had 40 beds divided up into four wards, each containing ten beds.
 At the time the hospital opened it also contained a labor and delivery ward, a children's ward, a nursery, three private rooms, and two isolation rooms.
 Several major renovations occurred in 1983, 1991, and 2001; adding critical care areas, a new operating and delivery wing, and a cancer care center, respectively.
 In 2002 Vassar Brothers Hospital officially became Vassar Brothers Medical Center.
 In September 2016, VBMC announced a new $500 million expansion which would almost double the number of available rooms.
 Construction on the expansion is expected to be completed in 2019.
This is a list of hospitals in North Carolina.
 There are 126 hospitals in 83 counties.
 Seventeen counties currently do not have a hospital.
 Duke University Hospital is currently the largest hospital, with 943 hospital beds.
 Vidant Bertie Hospital is currently the smallest, with six hospital beds.
 Charlotte has the highest concentration of hospitals, with seven.
 Four hospitals serve as university-affiliated academic medical centers: Duke University Hospital, Vidant Medical Center, UNC Health Care and Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center, while Carolinas Medical Center is unaffiliated.
