Corrosion of Conformity (also known as C.O.C.) is an American heavy metal band from Raleigh, North Carolina formed in 1982.
 For almost the majority of its existence, the band has consisted of guitarist Woody Weatherman, bassist Mike Dean (who left in 1987 but rejoined six years later), drummer Reed Mullin (who left in 2001 but rejoined nine years later) and vocalist and rhythm guitarist Pepper Keenan (who joined the band in 1989).
 After a hiatus in 2006, Corrosion of Conformity returned in 2010 without Keenan, who had been busy touring and recording with Down, but announced their reunion with him in December 2014.
Robert "Rob" Parissi is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist, perhaps best known as frontman for the American funk group Wild Cherry, best known for their 1976 Parissi-penned chart-topper "Play That Funky Music".
 He was born in 1950 and raised in the steel mill town of Mingo Junction, Ohio.
 He graduated from Mingo High School in 1968.
 Rob formed the band Wild Cherry in 1970 in Steubenville, Ohio, one mile north of Mingo Junction along the Ohio River.
 The band played the Ohio Valley region, Wheeling, West Virginia and the rest of the Northern West Virginia panhandle, and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Get Down Tonight: The Disco Explosion was a 2004 musical documentary special which aired on PBS.
 The special featured Irene Cara, KC & The Sunshine Band, Yvonne Elliman, The Hues Corporation, Peaches & Herb, Karen Lynn Gorney, A Taste of Honey, Rob Parissi of Wild Cherry, Leo Sayer, Deney Terrio, Frankie Valli, Martha Wash, Barry Williams, Norma Jean Wright and Felton Pilate.
 It was directed by T.J. Lubinsky, and produced by Jerry Blavat, Henry J. DeLuca, Cousin Brucie Morrow and Lubinsky.
 One of the associate producers was Marty Angelo.
Blind is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Corrosion of Conformity, released on November 5, 1991 by Relativity Records.
 This was Corrosion of Conformity's first album in six years since the release of "Animosity", and their first release with rhythm guitarist Pepper Keenan as well as their only recording with Karl Agell on vocals, and the only one on which original bassist Mike Dean does not appear; Phil Swisher instead takes his place, his sole appearance on a COC album.
 The album saw Corrosion of Conformity change their crossover thrash sound of the 1980s to a more straightforward metal sound.
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Deliverance is the fourth album by Corrosion of Conformity, and the first on which Pepper Keenan was lead singer.
 It was also their first recording on Columbia Records.
 On this album, the band had completely shed their hardcore and thrash influences, instead opting for a Black Sabbath-inspired heavy metal style.
 "Albatross" and "Clean My Wounds" were radio hits.
 British magazine "Kerrang!
" described "Deliverance" as a "true 90s classic".
 The song "Mano de Mono" is heard in the movie "The Fan".
 The song "Albatross" is playable in the video game "".
In the Arms of God is the seventh studio album by Corrosion of Conformity and was released April 5, 2005.
 To date, it is the only Corrosion of Conformity album to not feature drummer Reed Mullin and the last so far to feature Pepper Keenan on vocals and guitar, although he rejoined the band in 2014.
 Stanton Moore of the band Galactic, played drums on this album.
Corrosion of Conformity is the eponymous titled eighth studio album by the American metal band Corrosion of Conformity, which was released on February 28, 2012, by Candlelight Records.
 It is Corrosion of Conformity's first album since "In the Arms of God" (2005), their longest gap to date between studio albums.
 It is also the band's first album with Reed Mullin on drums since 2000's "America's Volume Dealer" and the first to not feature Pepper Keenan on vocals or guitar since 1987's "Technocracy".
"Play That Funky Music" is a song written by Rob Parissi and recorded by the band Wild Cherry.
 The single was the first release by the Cleveland-based Sweet City record label in April 1976, and distributed by Epic Records.
 The performers on the recording included lead singer Parissi, electric guitarist Bryan Bassett, bassist Allen Wentz and drummer Ron Beitle, with session players Chuck Berginc, Jack Brndiar (trumpets), and Joe Eckert and Rick Singer (saxes) on the horn riff that runs throughout the song's verses.
 The single hit number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on September 18, 1976, and was also number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart.
 The single was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of over 2 million records, eventually selling 2.5 million in the United States alone.
Down is an American heavy metal supergroup that formed in 1991 in New Orleans, Louisiana.
 The band's current lineup consists of vocalist Phil Anselmo (Pantera), guitarist Pepper Keenan (Corrosion of Conformity), guitarist Bobby Landgraf (Honky), bassist Pat Bruders (Goatwhore), and drummer Jimmy Bower (Crowbar, Eyehategod, and Superjoint Ritual).
 Since their formation, Down has gone on hiatus twice and they have released five studio albums.
 The first three were LPs entitled "NOLA" (1995), "" (2002), and "" (2007).
 In 2008, the band began working on additional material, which resulted in two EPs entitled "Down IV – Part I", released in September 2012 and "Down IV – Part II", released in May 2014.
