Mirin ] is an essential condiment used in Japanese cuisine.
 It is a type of rice wine similar to sake, but with a lower alcohol content and higher sugar content.
 The sugar content is a complex carbohydrate that forms naturally during the fermentation process; no sugars are added.
 The alcohol content is further lowered when the liquid is heated.
Sugars in wine are at the heart of what makes winemaking possible.
 During the process of fermentation, sugars from wine grapes are broken down and converted by yeast into alcohol (ethanol) and carbon dioxide.
 Grapes accumulate sugars as they grow on the grapevine through the translocation of sucrose molecules that are produced by photosynthesis from the leaves.
 During ripening the sucrose molecules are hydrolyzed (separated) by the enzyme invertase into glucose and fructose.
 By the time of harvest, between 15 and 25% of the grape will be composed of simple sugars. Both glucose and fructose are six-carbon sugars but three-, four-, five- and seven-carbon sugars are also present in the grape.
 Not all sugars are fermentable with sugars like the five-carbon arabinose, rhamnose and xylose still being present in the wine after fermentation.
 Very high sugar content will effectively kill the yeast once a certain (high) alcohol content is reached.
 For these reasons, no wine is ever fermented completely "dry" (meaning without any residual sugar).
 Sugar's role in dictating the final alcohol content of the wine (and such its resulting body and "mouth-feel") sometimes encourages winemakers to add sugar (usually sucrose) during winemaking in a process known as chaptalization solely in order to boost the alcohol content - chaptalization does not increase the "sweetness" of a wine.
Muscat de Rivesaltes is an "Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée" (AOC) for fortified wines (of the type "vin doux naturel") made in the Roussillon wine region of France.
 They are similar to Rivesaltes AOC wines, except for the grape varieties used.
 The wines are white, and made from Muscat d'Alexandrie and Muscat à Petits Grains grapes, usually in equal quantities, although the appellation rules allow these varieties to be used in any proportion.
 The alcohol content must be at least 15 per cent by volume, the potential alcohol content at least 21.5 per cent, and the sugar content (fermentable sugars, glucose and fructose) of the finished wine at least 100 grams per liter.
Beer in Slovakia (Slovak: "pivo" ) has been produced and consumed at least since the 15th century.
 Together with the neighbouring Czech Republic, with whom it has a shared and intertwined history, Slovakia has a number of breweries and a rich beer culture.
 Brews in Slovakia usually range between 3.8 and 5.0% alcohol content, and are traditionally classified by their density, or specific gravity using the Plato scale.
 This is the amount of dissolved solids before fermentation, and tells roughly how much fermentable material (usually malted barley) was used and hints at what the alcohol content might be.
 Common measurements of 10° or 12° would be equivalent to 1040 or 1048 in the English "original gravity" scale.
 A common misconception is that this is a measure of the colour of the beer.
Malt beer is a sweet, low-alcohol beer (0%–2.5% ABV) that is brewed like regular beer but with low or minimal fermentation.
 To keep the alcohol content low, one of two methods may be used: either the yeast is added at about 0 °C (resulting in an alcohol content of under 0.5% ABV) or fermentation is halted at the desired alcohol content (usually in the range of 1 to 2% ABV).
 It is made from barley malt syrup, sugar, yeast, hops, and water.
 Malt beer is considered to be nutritious and is sometimes given to nursing mothers.
Malt liquor, in North America, is beer with high alcohol content.
 Legally, it often includes any alcoholic beverage with 5% or more alcohol by volume made with malted barley.
 In common usage, it refers to beers containing a high alcohol content, generally above 6%, which are made with ingredients and processes resembling those for American-style lagers.
(Frankfurter) "Rippchen mit Kraut" (hot cured cutlet with sauerkraut) is a traditional dish served in and around Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
 It consists of cured pork cutlets, slowly heated in sauerkraut or meat broth, and usually served with sauerkraut, mashed potatoes and yellow mustard.
 Apfelwein (German cider) is normally consumed alongside Rippchen.
 The Rippchen are similar in appearance and texture to Kassler, but slightly milder in flavour, since they are only cured, but not smoked.
Cocoroco is an alcoholic beverage from Bolivia notable for its extremely high alcohol content by volume, 96%.
 Cocoroco is sold as "potable alcohol", most often in tin cans.
 Like rum, cocoroco is made from sugar cane.
 Unlawful trade of cocoroco and coca leaves occurs across the Altiplano among Aymara communities living in Chile and Bolivia.
 Cocoroco is illegal in some neighboring countries such as Chile where all alcoholic drinks with over 55% alcohol content by volume are illegal.
Lion Red is a New Zealand lager-style beer brewed by Lion Breweries, part of the Lion Nathan group.
 The beer is 4.0% alcohol.
 Because of its relatively low alcohol content it is widely regarded as an excellent 'session' beer, that is, a beer that can be consumed freely over a long session of time without all the adverse effects of a higher alcohol volume beer.
 As such, it is also a favourite of university students, along with similar strength beers such as Speights and DB Draught.
A breathalyzer or breathalyser (a portmanteau of "breath" and "analyzer/analyser") is a device for estimating blood alcohol content (BAC) from a breath sample.
 Breathalyzer is the brand name (a genericized trademark) for the instrument that tests the alcohol level developed by inventor Robert Frank Borkenstein.
 It was registered as a trademark on May 13, 1954, but many people use the term to refer to any generic device for estimating blood alcohol content .
