Presumed Guilty (Spanish: "Presunto Culpable" ) is a documentary following Antonio Zúñiga, a person whom was falsely convicted of crimes.
 It holds the box office record for documentary in Mexico, previously held by Michael Moore's "Fahrenheit 911".
 According to "The Economist", this is "by far the most successful documentary in Mexico's History. "
 The plot of the film is the attempt by two young Mexican attorneys to exonerate a wrongly convicted man by making a documentary.
 The film was released theatrically at about the same time the Oscar nominated films such as "Black Swan" and "The King's Speech" were being shown on cinema screens in Mexico.
 It surpassed both of those films at the box office.
 The film was televised by Televisa on Channel 2 in the fall of 2011.
Kenneth R. Kratz, also known as Ken Kratz, is a lawyer and the former district attorney of Calumet County, Wisconsin.
 He gained prominence for trying a highly publicized homicide case, "State of Wisconsin v. Steven Avery" (2007), in which Avery and his nephew Brendan Dassey were both convicted.
 This was the subject of "Making a Murderer" (2015), a Netflix 10-episode documentary series.
Bernard F. Baran, Jr. (May 25, 1965 – September 1, 2014) was wrongfully convicted in the day care sex abuse hysteria of the 1980s and 1990s that was spawned by the McMartin preschool trial.
 Unlike other day care cases, the Baran case garnered little national press coverage.
 The Baran case spanned almost 25 years from his arrest in October 1984 until all charges were dropped in June 2009.
 Baran maintained his innocence throughout his case, making him ineligible for parole.
 Baran was accused, tried and convicted within a three-month period and sentenced to three life sentences in January 1985.
 In 2009, the Massachusetts Appeals Court vacated the convictions, deeming the case "notorious," and citing the behavior of the original prosecutor as "troubling."
 Along with its importance as the first successful conviction, the Baran case is notable amongst the day-care cases for the level of homophobia present in the court record of the prosecution.
 The Baran case is the subject of the documentary film "Freeing Bernie Baran".
Arthur Paul Carmona (February 5, 1982 – February 17, 2008) served more than two years in prison after being wrongfully convicted of two armed robberies on the basis of eyewitness testimony.
 His case took on prominence in the ongoing debate in the legal community over the reliability of eyewitness identification.
 After his release, he had become an activist for the wrongfully accused.
Steven Avery (born July 9, 1962) is a man from Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, who was wrongfully convicted of sexual assault and attempted murder in 1985.
 After serving 18 years of a 32-year sentence, he was exonerated by DNA testing and released, only to be charged with murder two years later.
Juan A. Rivera, Jr. (born October 31, 1972) is an American man who was wrongfully convicted three times for the 1992 rape and murder of 11-year-old Holly Staker in Waukegan, Illinois.
 He was convicted twice on the basis of a confession that he claims was coerced.
 No physical evidence linked him to the crime scene.
 DNA testing done in 2004 on semen taken from the crime scene ruled out Rivera as the source; however, the prosecution argued that the semen sample came from previous consensual sex with another man, and Rivera was convicted a third time.
 His conviction was overturned by the appellate court, which took the unusual step of barring prosecutors from retrying Rivera, and he was released.
Making a Murderer is an American documentary television series that premiered on Netflix on December 18, 2015.
 The ten-episode first season, written and directed by Laura Ricciardi and Moira Demos, explores the story of Steven Avery, a man from Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, who served 18 years in prison for the wrongful conviction of sexual assault and attempted murder of Penny Beerntsen, before being fully exonerated in 2003 by DNA evidence.
 He filed a suit against the county on this case.
 In 2005, Avery was arrested on charges of murdering Teresa Halbach, a local photographer, and was convicted in 2007.
 The series also covers the arrest, prosecution, and conviction of Avery's nephew, Brendan Dassey, who was also charged in the murder, largely based on his confession under interrogation.
Darryl Hunt (February 24, 1965 – March 13, 2016) was an African-American man from Winston-Salem, North Carolina, who, in 1984, was wrongfully convicted for the rape and the murder of Deborah Sykes, a young white newspaper copy editor, and sentenced to life in prison.
 After being convicted in that case, Hunt was tried in 1987 for the 1983 murder of Arthur Wilson, a 57-year-old black man of Winston-Salem.
 Both convictions overturned on appeal in 1989.
 Hunt was tried again in the Wilson case in 1990; he was acquitted by an all-white jury.
 He was tried again on the Sykes charges in 1991; he was convicted.
Arthur Allan Thomas (born 2 January 1938) is a New Zealand man who was granted a Royal Pardon and compensation after being wrongfully convicted and imprisoned for murder.
 Thomas was convicted in 1971 of the murders of Harvey and Jeannette Crewe, who had been killed in June 1970 in Pukekawa, south of Auckland.
 Thomas, who farmed a property in the same district as the Crewes, was again convicted of their murders after his conviction was quashed on appeal, but he was released in December 1979 after being pardoned and awarded NZ$950,000 in compensation for his 9 years in prison and loss of the use of the farm.
Isabel LeBourdais, née Erichsen-Brown (15 April 1909 – 2003) was a Canadian journalist and author.
 She is best known as the author of the 1966 book "The Trial of Steven Truscott", the first major work to argue that Steven Truscott had been wrongfully convicted of murder.
 Isabel's book was instrumental in pushing the Federal Government to ask the Supreme Court to review the trial in 1966.
 Eventually in August 2007, after many years of legal proceedings, the Ontario Court of Appeal overturned the conviction stating it was a "miscarriage of justice" that "must be quashed."
 On July 07, 2008 Steven was granted $6.5 million in compensation for his ordeal.
