The SS Principessa Mafalda was an Italian transatlantic ocean liner built for the Navigazione Generale Italiana (NGI) company.
 Named after Princess Mafalda of Savoy, second daughter of King Victor Emmanuel III, the ship entered NGI's South American service between Genoa and Buenos Aires in 1909.
 At the time of her completion she was the largest Italian passenger ship afloat.
 The "Mafalda" was known for her luxury and was the preferred mode of travel for such celebrities of the day as Carlos Gardel.
Wilson Allen Savoy (born February 1, 1982 in Eunice, Louisiana) is a Grammy winning Cajun accordion player and singer in the band the Pine Leaf Boys and The Band Courtbouillon, as well as a local filmmaker in Lafayette, LA.
 His father Marc Savoy, famous accordion builder and musician, and his mother, Ann Savoy, author and music producer, are well known ambassadors and supporters of preserving the Cajun culture.
Brian Savoy born January 13, 1992, is an Argentine-born Swiss professional basketball player.
 He currently plays for Union Neuchâtel Basket of Switzerland's Championnat LNA.
Mafalda Margarethe Prinzessin von Hessen (born 6 July 1965), known also as Princess Mafalda of Hesse, is a German aristocrat and fashion designer.
 She is the eldest child of Moritz, Landgrave of Hesse and Princess Tatiana of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg.
Marie Jeanne of Savoy (Marie Jeanne Baptiste; 11 April 1644 – 15 March 1724) was born a Princess of Savoy and became the Duchess of Savoy by marriage.
 First married by proxy to Charles of Lorraine in 1662, Lorraine soon refused to recognise the union and it was annulled.
 She married Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy in 1665 who was her kinsman.
 The mother of the future Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia who saw the elevation of the House of Savoy to kings, she styled herself as Madama Reale or Madame Royale.
 She acted as Regent of Savoy from 1675 in the name of her son Victor Amadeus II, who was her husband's successor.
 Her regency officially ended in 1680, but she maintained power until her son banished her from further influence in the state in 1684.
 She left a considerable architectural legacy in Turin, and was responsible for the remodelling of the Palazzo Madama, which was her private residence.
 At the time of her death she was the mother of the King of Sardinia as well as great grandmother of two other kings, Louis I of Spain and Louis XV of France.
Maria Angela Caterina d'Este (1 March 1656 – 16 July 1722) was an Italian born Princess of Modena who was later the Princess of Carignano by marriage.
 She was the wife of Emmanuel Philibert of Savoy, Prince of Carignano.
 In France she was known as "Angélique Catherine d'Este" and in Modena and Savoy she was known as "Maria Caterina d'Este".
 She is an ancestor of Victor Emmanuel II of Italy and thus the whole present pretending Italian Royal Family.
 She is also an ancestor of the pretender of France.
Catherine Beatrice of Savoy (6 November 1636, Turin, Piedmont – 27 August 1637) was a Princess of Savoy by birth.
 She was the youngest daughter born to Victor Amadeus I, Duke of Savoy and his French consort Princess Christine Marie of France.
Princess Mafalda of Savoy (2 November 1902 – 27 August 1944) was the second daughter of King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy and his wife Elena of Montenegro.
 The future King Umberto II of Italy was her younger brother.
Maria Vittoria Margherita of Savoy (22 June 1740 – 14 July 1742) was a princess of Savoy.
 She was born in the reign of her father Charles Emmanuel III, King of Sardinia.
Princess Maria Pia of Bourbon-Parma (née Princess Maria Pia of Savoy; born 24 September 1934) is the eldest daughter of Umberto II of Italy and Marie-José of Belgium.
 She is the older sister of Princess Maria Gabriella of Savoy, Vittorio Emanuele, Prince of Naples, and Princess Maria Beatrice of Savoy.
