Yannick “Thurz” Koffi is a solo artist from Inglewood, Los Angeles.
 He is a descendent of both the Ivory Coast and Belize, taking his moniker from his last name "Koffi" which translates in Ghana’s native language of Akan to "boy born on Friday."
Sir William Phips (or Phipps; February 2, 1651 – February 18, 1695) was a shepherd boy born in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, a shipwright, ship's captain, treasure hunter, a major general, and the first royally appointed governor of the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
 He is perhaps best remembered for establishing, and later over-ruling and disbanding, the court associated with the infamous Salem Witch Trials.
Bully Boy is a play by British-Danish playwright and comedian Sandi Toksvig.
 The show opened at the Nuffield Theatre in Southampton, on 13 May 2011, with Anthony Andrews as Major Oscar Hadley and Joshua Miles as Private Eddie Clark.
 The play then launched the debut season of St James Theatre in September 2012, the first new West End theatre to open in 30 years.
Andaokut is a Native American mythological figure of the Nuu-chah-nulth people.
 He is a giant boy born from the tears of a woman mourning the loss of her child, which was stolen by Malahas.
 He ventures through the forest to find Malahas, slay her, and rescue the children she abducted.
The Green Age of Asher Witherow is the debut novel of M. Allen Cunningham, published in 2004.
 It is the story of Asher Witherow, a boy born in the coal mining town of Nortonville, California in 1863.
 The story is framed as a memoir of sorts, penned by the elderly Witherow in the spring of 1950, long after the book's events occurred, and many years after the community of Nortonville ceased to exist.
 Witherow, a mysterious and haunted old man of 86, shares the troubling story of his life from birth to age 20, when he left Nortonville.
 Central to the tale is the image of the 4,000 foot Mount Diablo, which assumes a symbolic presence for Witherow.
 The book's title is inspired by the poem "The Force That Through the Green Fuse Drives the Flower" by Dylan Thomas, which begins:
Bubble Boy is a musical with music and lyrics by Cinco Paul and book by Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio, based on the 2001 Touchstone Pictures' film "Bubble Boy".
 Like the movie, it tells the story of Jimmy Livingston, a boy born without immunities who is forced to live in a plastic bubble room.
 When he grows older he meets Chloe Molinski, the girl next door, and falls in love with her.
 When she tells him she's getting married to her boyfriend Mark at Niagara Falls, Jimmy builds a bubble suit and heads on a cross-country journey to stop the wedding and tell her how he feels.
 Along the way he is pursued by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Livingston, and he meets a cult, a biker gang, and Indian ice cream salesman.
 Thematically, the musical explores the idea that we all have our "bubbles" which prevent us from being all we can be, and that we need to break out of them.
The Tree is a 1993 short film that Todd Field created while a fellow at the AFI Conservatory.
 It is a non-verbal dramatic piece following the life of a boy born at the turn of the century.
 The single setting, an apple tree set high on a rural ridge, is where we glimpse the boy mature, fall in love, go to war, return with his own son, and finally pay his last respects as a very old man who has seen much change.
 The set was designed using the tree as a scale foreground visual anchor and employing forced perspective for other items appearing in frame, including distant mountains, a train, and a town in transition.
 The scene changes from season to season and year to year all achieved practically using Trompe-l'œil.
Peter X. Kelly (born June 3, 1959) is a restaurateur and renowned chef.
 He runs the Xaviars Restaurant Group, which owns and manages Xaviars and Freelance Cafe in Piermont, New York, Restaurant X and Bully Boy Bar in Congers and Xaviars X2O on the Hudson in Yonkers.
 The name of the group is based on Peter Kelly's middle name, Xavier.
 He is a self-taught chef, and as of 2015 , has spent about 30 years cooking professionally in the Hudson Valley.
Susanna White (Mayflower passenger) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" and a member of the Leiden, Holland Congregation.
 She was pregnant during the "Mayflower" voyage and gave birth to Peregrine in late November 1620, while the ship was anchored at Cape Cod.
 Peregrine was the first White baby boy born on the Mayflower in the harbor of Massachusetts, the second baby born on the "Mayflower"' s historic voyage, and the first known English child born to the Pilgrims in America.
 Susanna's first husband was Pilgrim William White, with whom she had sons Resolved and Peregrine White, all of whom were "Mayflower" passengers.
 Susanna was widowed February 21, 1621, and subsequently married Pilgrim Edward Winslow.
 Edward's wife had perished on March 24, 1621.
 Susanna married Edward on May 12, 1621 in Plymouth Colony.
 The wedding of Edward Winslow and Susanna was the first in Plymouth Colony.
A bully boy is a young tough - a strong person able to fight and physically punish others.
