SWMRS (formerly Emily's Army) is an American punk rock band formed in Oakland, California in 2004 by Cole Becker and Joey Armstrong, with Cole's brother Max joining only a few weeks afterwards.
 They drew on a mix of influences ranging from the Beach Boys to the Ramones to create their own brand of rock.
 The band added Travis Neumann in 2009, who later left in 2014 due to creative differences.
 The band released a demo and a string of EPs from 2008 to 2010.
 The band released their first album, "Don't Be a Dick", on June 14, 2011.
 The band's second album, "Lost at Seventeen", was released on June 11, 2013.
 They added Sebastian Mueller as the bassist 2014.
 The band's third studio album, and their first under the name SWMRS after dropping their former name, "Drive North", was released February 12, 2016, via Uncool Records. "
Drive North" was later re-released and remastered after the band was signed to record label Fueled By Ramen on October 13, 2016.
Flaw is an American rock band from Louisville, Kentucky.
 The band was formed by guitarist Jason Daunt in 1996.
 After a string of rough independent recordings in the 1990s, the band signed to Republic/Universal Records and released two major label albums, "Through the Eyes" in 2001 and "Endangered Species" in 2004.
 Breakups, line-up changes, and internal strife plagued the band for the rest of the decade, though as of 2015, the band reformed with three of their core members for touring and writing music.
 The band released their fourth studio album, "Divided We Fall", on August 19, 2016.
Kid Confucius were an eight-piece Australian band from Sydney, Australia.
 They formed in 2001 and have since played well over 400 live shows around the country, including major festivals as well as their own headline shows at venues such as The Annandale Hotel and The Metro Theatre.
 In 2005 the band released a self-titled album and two singles "Words" and "Skintight."
 The album, a mish-mash of soul, hip-hop, pop and funk, received great critical acclaim, most notably from Rolling Stone who hailed the album as one of the standout local releases of the year.
 "Words" also enjoyed some solid months of radio and TV play.
 The band released its second album Stripes in 2007 with three singles "Closer", "Last Straw" and "Moment".
 Stripes was the band's attempt at making a Detroit-era Motown soul album and it was quick to earn rave reviews from press around the country as well as a publishing deal with Mushroom.
 "Moment" has enjoyed good radio play on triple j. Kid Confucius is set to release its third album in October 2008.
 The first single from this album, "Good Luck", is out now.
The Vitamen were an unsigned three-piece pop rock band from New York City.
 The band's three members were frontman Jesse Blockton, bassist Matt Hyans, and drummer Dave Rozner, all of whom attended the same high school in Mamaroneck, New York.
 Their debut album, "Fun", was released in 2002.
 It was recorded on a four-track machine and, according to Hyams, contains funnier songs than do the band's later albums.
 The band released their second album, "Mujer", in 2003; it was recorded on an eight-track.
 In December 2004, the band released their third album, "Children of the Bear".
 It was recorded in a house in Cape Cod with the band's producer, Bo Boddie.
The discography of Architects, a British metalcore band, consists of seven studio albums, one split EP, eleven singles, one video album and 23 music videos. Formed in Brighton in 2004, the group originally consisted of vocalist Matt Johnson, guitarists Tom Searle and Tim Hillier-Brook, bassist Tim Lucas and drummer Dan Searle, who released the band's debut album "Nightmares" in 2006.
 In 2007, Johnson was replaced by Sam Carter and Lucas was replaced by Ali Dean, and the band released its second album "Ruin". "
Hollow Crown" followed on Century Media Records in 2009, which was the band's first album to register on the UK Albums Chart, reaching number 117.
 The band released "The Here and Now" in January 2011, which reached number 57 on the UK Albums Chart and topped the UK Rock & Metal Albums Chart.
Empire!
 Empire!
 (I Was a Lonely Estate) was an American emo band from Michigan.
 It was formed in 2006 originally as a solo project of band member Keith Latinen.
 The band's music is most often described as emotional indie rock reminiscent of '90s emo bands such as Mineral and American Football.
 The band's first release was in 2007 with an EP titled "When The Sea Became A Giant".
 The band released a full-length album, "What It Takes To Move Forward", in 2009.
 The band is signed to Count Your Lucky Stars Records and has released albums on a number of other labels, such as strictly no capital letters (UK), Topshelf Records, Stiff Slack (Japan), and Hobbledehoy Record Co (Australia).
 The band released their second album "You Will Eventually Be Forgotten" on August 19, 2014.
 On February 16, 2016, the band announced their final tour before their breakup on their official Facebook page.
The Sword is an American heavy metal band formed in Austin, Texas in 2003.
 The band released its debut album "Age of Winters" in 2006; the songs on the album were largely written by frontman J. D. Cronise before the band's formation, although the musical compositions were credited to the band as a whole.
 In 2007 the band contributed the track "Sea of Spears" to a split extended play (EP) with Swedish band Witchcraft, which was credited to Cronise and guitarist Kyle Shutt, as well as a cover version of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song".
 In 2008 the band released its second album "Gods of the Earth", which was again credited to Cronise (lyrics) and the band as a whole (music), as well as the single "Fire Lances of the Ancient Hyperzephyrians" which featured the previously unreleased track "Codex Corvidae" as the B-side.
Nine Lashes is an American Christian rock band from Birmingham, Alabama formed in 2006.
 They independently released their first album, "Escape", in 2009 before Trevor McNevan of Thousand Foot Krutch brought them to the attention of Tooth & Nail Records.
 Upon signing to the label, the band recorded their second album "World We View" and released it on February 14, 2012.
 The album sold well, making several "Billboard" charts.
 The band released their third album, "From Water to War" on January 21, 2014.
 After a change in direction, the band released their fourth album, the Pop/Electric/Worship styled "Ascend" on March 11, 2016.
Honor Society was a pop rock band that formed in New York, New York in 2006.
 The band originally consisted of Michael Bruno (vocals/guitar), Jason Rosen (guitar/keyboard), Andrew Lee (bass), and Alexander Noyes (drums); however as of late 2012 Rosen is no longer a part of the band.
 They were previously signed to Jonas Records in affiliation with Hollywood Records but parted ways in 2011.
 The band released its debut album "Fashionably Late" on September 15, 2009.
 The album debuted at No. 18 on the "Billboard" 200.
 In October 2011, their second album, "A Tale of Risky Business: Part II", was released.
 The second album debut at No. 29 on the Independent Album charts.
 In September 2013, Bruno, Noyes, and Schmidt announced that they would be ending the band.
This is the discography of The Hellacopters, a Swedish rock band active between 1994 and 2008.
 The band was formed by Nicke Andersson (vocals and guitar), Dregen (guitar), Robban Eriksson (drums) and Kenny Håkansson (bass).
 The band released their Swedish Grammis-winning debut album in 1996.
 Soon the band recruited The Diamond Dogs guitarist Anders Lindström to play keyboard shortly before being the opening act to Kiss With the success of the band's second album Andersson was able to leave his other band Entombed to focus full-time on The Hellacopters.
 During the tour in support of the album, guitarist Dregen chose to leave the band to focus his time on his other band The Backyard Babies; to fulfill their touring responsibilities the band recruited Danne Andersson and Mattias Hellberg to fill in during the remaining dates of the tour.
 With Hellberg and Lindström taking the place of Dregen during the recording of the band's third album, the band changed their sound from their dirtier garage rock and garage punk sound to a more classic 1970s rock sound.
 The band then hired Robert Dahlqvist as a full-time guitarist, solidifying the band's lineup until its breakup.
 With Dahlqvist on board the band released three more studio albums and a cover album, with many EPs and limited edition releases as well.
 The Hellacopters disbanded amicably in 2008 so the members could move on to other projects.
