Saratoga Casino Hotel (formerly Saratoga Casino and Raceway) is an establishment in Saratoga Springs, New York.
 Saratoga Casino Hotel is home to a -mile standardbred race track, with a racino and hotel located inside the racetrack's grandstand.
 Saratoga Casino Hotel is not to be confused with the historic Saratoga Race Course thoroughbred race track located across the street on Nelson Avenue.
The National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame was founded in 1950 in Saratoga Springs, New York, to honor the achievements of American Thoroughbred race horses, jockeys, and trainers.
 In 1955, the museum moved to its current location on Union Avenue near Saratoga race course, at which time inductions into the hall of fame began.
 Each spring, following the tabulation of the final votes, the announcement of new inductees is made, usually during Kentucky Derby Week in early May.
 The actual inductions are held in mid-August during the Saratoga race meeting.
The H. Allen Jerkens Memorial Stakes is a Thoroughbred horse race run annually at the Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York.
 The race is open to three-year-olds willing to sprint seven furlongs on dirt.
 First run in 1984 as a Listed stakes race, since 1999 the race has been a Grade I event, and since 2012 has carried a purse of $500,000.
 It is the biggest sprint race of the year for three-year-olds only.
The Schuylerville Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York.
 Open to two-year-old fillies, it is contested at a distance of six furlongs on dirt.
 A Grade III event, it currently offers a purse of $150,000.
 In 2006, the race was downgraded from a Grade II to a Grade III.
 By tradition, the Schuylerville opens the Saratoga meet each year.
 The race is named for the nearby town of Schuylerville, New York.
The Wilson Stakes/Handicap was an American Thoroughbred horse race run for twenty-nine years between 1930 and 1958.
 Inaugurated at the Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York, it was named In honor of Richard Thornton Wilson, Jr., a prominent Thoroughbred owner and president of Saratoga Race Course.
The Glens Falls Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York.
 Open to fillies and mares age three and older, it is run at a distance of one and three-eighths miles (11 furlongs) on the turf.
 A Grade III event, it currently offers a purse of $200,000.
 The event at Saratoga Race Course is named after the nearby city of Glens Falls, New York.
Dallas Stewart (born September 15, 1959 in McComb, Mississippi) trains a string of thoroughbred horses in Kentucky from bases at Churchill Downs, Turfway Park, Keeneland Race Course, Fair Grounds Race Course, Arlington Park and Saratoga Race Course.
 Before venturing out on his own, he spent 12 years working under the tutelage of leading trainer D. Wayne Lukas.
 There, he oversaw such horses as Lady's Secret, Thunder Gulch, Serena's Song, Timber Country, Tabasco Cat, and many other Grade I winners.
Fourstardave (April 2, 1985 — October 14, 2002) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won at least one race at Saratoga Race Course each year from 1987 to 1994, earning him the nickname "The Sultan of Saratoga".
 He died of a heart attack in October 2002 at the age of 17 while preparing for a parade of retired New York bred horses at Belmont Park and was buried in Clare Court at Saratoga Race Course.
Saratoga Race Course is a thoroughbred horse racing track in Saratoga Springs, New York, United States, with a capacity of 50,000.
 Opened in 1863, it is often considered to be the oldest sporting venue of any kind in the country, but is actually the fourth oldest racetrack in the US (after 3rd oldest Pleasanton Fairgrounds Racetrack, 2nd oldest Fair Grounds Race Course, and oldest Freehold Raceway).
The Diana Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race.
 Named for the mythological goddess Diana, the race is run each year at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York.
 Inaugurated in 1939, it is open to fillies and mares age three and up willing to race the one and one-eighth miles on the turf.
 The race is a Grade I with a current purse of $500,000.
 It became a Grade I race in 2003.
