Demographia defines an urban area (urbanized area agglomeration or urban centre) as a continuously built up land mass of urban development that is within a labor market (i.e. metropolitan area or metropolitan region), without regard for administrative boundaries (i.e. municipality, city or commune).
 Except in Australia, the authorities use a minimum urban density definition of 400 persons per square kilometer (or the nearly identical 1,000 per square mile in the United States).
 Demographia uses maps, satellite photographs to estimate continuous urbanization.
 Demographia also uses small area population data, where available, to match population estimates to urban land area.
 National census authority data are presented in Australia, Canada, France, Norway, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.
 Census of India urban agglomerations are not used in some cases because the geographical size of constituent units (municipalities) often includes large rural (non-urban) areas.
Mitchells & Butlers plc () (also referred to as "M&B") runs circa 1,784 managed pubs, bars and restaurants throughout the United Kingdom.
 The company's headquarters are in Birmingham, England, United Kingdom.
 The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The Greater Manchester Built-up Area is an area of land defined by the Office for National Statistics (ONS), consisting of the large conurbation that encompasses the urban element of the city of Manchester and the continuous metropolitan area that spreads outwards from it, forming much of Greater Manchester in North West England.
 According to the United Kingdom Census 2011, the Greater Manchester Built-up Area has a population of 2,553,379 making it the second most populous conurbation in the United Kingdom after the Greater London Built-up Area and the thirteenth largest in the European Union.
 This was an increase of 14% from the population recorded at the United Kingdom Census 2001 of 2,240,230, when it was known as the Greater Manchester Urban Area.
Urban Outfitters, Inc. is an American multinational clothing corporation headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 It operates in the United States, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, the Netherlands, Pakistan, Sweden, United Kingdom,Spain and Israel (soon).
 Its inventory primarily consists of women's and men's fashion apparel, footwear, beauty and accessories, activewear and gear, and housewares, which largely draw from bohemian, hipster, ironically humorous, kitschy, retro, and vintage styles.
 Their targeted group is young adults aged 18 to 28.
 The company has additionally collaborated with designers and luxury brands on several occasions.
 Urban Outfitters manages five separate brands, including its namesake, Anthropologie, Free People, Terrain, and BHLDN; together, the brands operate over 400 retail locations worldwide.
 Today, it sells its product to approximately 1,400 specialty stores and select department stores.
 Other than that, merchandise is sold directly to customers through websites, mobile applications, catalogs and customer contact centers.
 As of January 31, 2015, total of 238 Urban Outfitters stores are operating, in which 179 are located in the United States, 16 are located in Canada and 43 are located in Europe.
The Taipei Representative Office in the U.K. (TRO; ) is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of China (ROC) in the United Kingdom (UK).
 It is not a fully-fledged embassy owing to the ongoing Taiwan dispute and One-China policy.
 However, it is the highest-level representation of the ROC government in the United Kingdom.
 It manages cultural, economic and political cooperation between the UK and the ROC, as well as offering consular services.
 Its counterpart body in Taiwan is the British Office Taipei.
Philip Charles Urban (born 9 February 1963) is CEO of Mitchells & Butlers, which runs around 1,600 managed pubs, bars and restaurants throughout the United Kingdom.
Peter J. Middlebrook (D.Phil.)
 (born 15 November 1965, in Lincoln, England) is an English development economist, Political Scientist, businessman and philanthropist.
 He is the CEO of Geopolicity Inc., as well as Chairman of a number of other companies.
 He specializes in Emerging Markets in the Middle East and North Africa, Central Asia and Horn of Africa and is a keen observer on issues related to globalization.
 He is best known for his work as an economic, security and political adviser to multilateral and bilateral organizations including the World Bank, European Union, United Nations and Government of the United Kingdom as well as global corporations covering energy, infrastructure, mining and water.
 He maintains a particular focus on investment finance and the privatization and transformation of national economies and productive infrastructure and other public goods, including energy markets.
 He originated the concept and framework for right-financing as a practical tool to guide both private and public investment.
 Middlebrook currently resides in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates.
O'Neill's is an Irish-themed pub chain with 49 outlets in the United Kingdom.
 The chain is operated by Mitchells & Butlers, one of the largest pub companies in the UK.
 Pubs are located across the whole of the UK, except for Northern Ireland, where there are none.
All Bar One is a pub chain of just under 50 bars in the United Kingdom, owned and operated by Mitchells and Butlers plc which was part of the Six Continents group (previously Bass) until 2003.
Ugly Phil O'Neil (born Phillip Surridge on 14 March 1963) is a muppet/announcer.
 He was born in the United Kingdom, and lived the majority of his life in Australia.
 Before adopting the on-air name of Ugly Phil he was known on-air as Phil O'Neil.
 Phil has hosted the Hot30 Countdown, Drive at Nova 969, and Evenings at Triple M several times.
