Odell Borg is a native flute maker, teacher, and record producer.
 He has produced records with Jan 'Looking Wolf', Zach Farley, Harry Seavey, Travis Terry, and Naomi Littletree.
 Before making flutes, Odell was a leather craftsman and a draftsman.
 In 1988, Odell received his first native flute as a gift, and after a few of years playing it he began making flutes of his own.
Zach Crowell is a Grammy Award-winning songwriter and record producer, who was born and raised in Nashville, Tennessee.
 Crowell is involved in a joint publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music, Combustion Music and Taperoom Music.
Eusonia Records is an independent record label founded by American record producer, songwriter and multi-intrumentalist Scott Jacoby.
 The label currently has four artists on its roster: Maiysha, SiLyA, Zach Deputy and Jacoby himself, as well as the soundtrack for the 2013 film "My Last Day Without You".
Raleigh Moncrief is an American electronic musician, record producer and recording engineer who has worked with Zach Hill, Dirty Projectors and !!!
.
Daron Vartan Malakian (Armenian: Տարօն/Տարոն Վարդան Մալաքեան, born July 18, 1975) is an Armenian–American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer.
 He is best known as the guitarist, songwriter and second vocalist of the rock band System of a Down and as the lead vocalist, lead guitarist and songwriter of the band Scars on Broadway.
 Like the rest of the Hollywood-based band System of a Down, he is of Armenian ancestry, but he is the only member to have been born in the United States.
 Daron Malakian is known for his distinctive playing and is ranked 40th in Loudwire's list of "Top 50 Hard Rock + Metal Guitarists Of All Time" and #11 in MusicRadar's poll, "The 20 Greatest Metal Guitarists Ever".
 He is placed 30th in Guitar World's List of The 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of All Time.
Daron Tavaris Jones (born December 27, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter, record producer.
 He is a member in Bad Boy Records group 112.
 His debut solo album titled "Uncensored" was released December 5, 2010.
 The first single from the album is the digitally-released "Money."
 Daron digitally released "Christmas in Atlanta" in December 2014, which reached the top 30 on the iTunes R&B chart.
 Daron is currently in the studio working on new music.
Bad Acid Trip is an American metal band, currently signed to System of a Down lead singer Serj Tankian's record label, Serjical Strike Records.
 Their 2004 album, "Lynch the Weirdo", was produced by Daron Malakian, another System of a Down member.
 In 2006 they performed on the second stage at the Ozzfest summer tour.
 The band has three full-length releases ("For the Weird by the Weird", "Lynch the Weirdo", and "Humanly Possible") and multiple EPs.
