The Zuhn Building is a historic building located in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, United States.
 Completed in 1886 a block east of the town square, this three story, brick, Italianate structure replaced a single story building that had housed the Mount Pleasant Carriage Works.
 H.A. Zuhn had that building torn down and this one built so he could expand his business.
 He used this facility to manufacture and repair vehicles.
 The only decorative element of the building is the bracketed metal cornice with date and pediment caps across the top of the facade.
 The double storefront has been altered somewhat over the years.
 The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Fulton Ferry is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
 The neighborhood is named for Fulton Ferry, a prominent ferry line crossing the East River between Manhattan and Brooklyn, and is also the name of the ferry slip on the Brooklyn side.
 The neighborhood is part of Brooklyn Community Board 2.
 The Fulton Ferry District is a national historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 It consists of 15 contributing buildings built between 1830 and 1895.
 They are an assortment of commercial and commercial / residential brick buildings ranging from two to four stories in height, with one eight story building.
 That building is the Eagle Warehouse, a Romanesque Revival style building built by "The Brooklyn Eagle" in 1893.
 The district is bisected overhead by the Brooklyn Bridge.
 Today the area holds many popular attractions such as Pier One of Brooklyn Bridge Park and Grimaldi's Pizzeria.
 Bargemusic, a concert venue, is moored there today; the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory sits on the pier.
 Manhattan ferry service returned in 2006 at the next pier to the north.
The Donegan Block is a historic commercial building in Huntsville, Alabama.
 Built in 1870, it and the adjacent building, the Rand Building, represent a simplified Italianate architecture style common in smaller towns in the late 19th century.
 It is one of few remaining Italianate buildings which once were prevalent on Courthouse Square.
 The 2 ⁄ -story building is divided into four units, each three bays wide.
 The units are divided on the façade by brick pilasters, which were originally faced with cast iron on the ground floor.
 The two eastern units are combined, and share an entrance flanked by two multi-paned fixed windows on each side.
 The other two units have central entrances with one window on each side.
 The three eastern units are treated similarly, with triangular pediments and pilasters surrounding each door and window.
 The western unit had been modified with a recessed entry and windows, but these were later returned flush with the building and are topped with fanlights and segmental brick arches.
 Second floor windows on all four units are tall and narrow with arched tops and roll moldings with keystones.
 The attic level has short vents treated similarly to the second floor windows.
 A bracketed and denticulated metal cornice projects from the top of the building.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The Oil and Gas Building, or Oil & Gas Building, is a 14-story building, completed in 1959, in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, in the United States.
 It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Canopy by Hilton has plans to develop a property in the building.
Borodino Hall, also known as Borodino Grange Hall, is a building in the hamlet of Borodino, New York.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Borodino Hall was built @1835 by the First Religious Society of Borodino, and served as a church until 1868.
 It is a two story building with a gabled roof on a high stone basement.
 It is of heavy timber frame construction designed in the Federal style.
 The building was sold in 1868, and a stage was added to the interior around that time, converting it into a hall.
 In 1871, a performance of "Uncle Tom’s Cabin" was presented there by the Borodino Dramatic Society.
 At some time after this, the building became the Spafford Town Hall, a purpose it served until 1912.
 In that year the Grange chapter #1272 began meeting in the Hall, and they purchased it in 1919.
 Water service, a kitchen and restrooms were added in the early 1950s.
 The Spafford Area Historical Society purchased the building in 1997.
 It currently serves as a community center.
The General Building, also called the Tennessee General Building or the First Bank Building, is an office high-rise located in downtown Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.
 Constructed in the mid-1920s, the 15-story building is the only high-rise designed by Charles I. Barber, and has over the years housed the offices of dozens of banks, physicians, and various financial and architectural firms.
 The Lexington, Tennessee-based First Bank is the current anchor tenant.
 In 1988, the General Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its architecture and its role in Knoxville's commercial history.
The Salem Laundry is a historic laundry building at 55 Lafayette Street in Salem, Massachusetts.
 It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as "Salem Landry".
 Built in 1906, it is the first concrete building to be erected in Salem.
 The four story building is divided into three wide bays, with the central bay projecting slightly.
 The bays have broad windows divided by ashlar-tooled concrete blocks, a styling that became fashionable in the following decade before unadorned concrete became more widely used.
 The building was built by, and has remained in the hands of, the Hooper family, who established a commercial laundry in Salem in 1806.
 It was listed on the National Register in 1983.
1001 Woodward is an office building in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.
 It replaced the Majestic Building, a 14-story high rise on the same site.
 The building is located just south of the neighboring David Stott Building, at the corner of Woodward Avenue and Michigan Avenue overlooking Campus Martius Park.
 Constructed from 1963 to 1965, the 25-story building is designed in the International Style.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
The Blaine County Courthouse in Hailey, Idaho is a historic building built in 1883 to serve Alturas County, which later became Blaine County.
 It is a three story building that held county offices, a jail, and a courtroom, and, at $40,000 building cost, was the most expensive building in the Idaho Territory, hurting Alturas County financially.
 Located at 1st and Croy Sts., it was designed by Horace Greeley Knapp in Italianate style.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The Stevens Building is a commercial and office building located in downtown Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The 12-story building was designed by Whidden & Lewis.
 The design is similar to the Failing Office Building (1907) and Wilcox Building (1911), also by Whidden & Lewis.
 Construction began in August 1913 and was completed in 1914, with the building opening on May 1, 1914.
 The total construction cost was $375,000 (equivalent to $ million in 2017 ).
 The building is approximately 152 ft tall.
