Jeff Bowden is an American college football coach at the University of Akron.
 He currently serves as special teams coordinator and the outside wide receivers coach on his brother Terry's staff.
 Before that he served as the offensive coordinator for the Florida State Seminoles under his father and head coach Bobby Bowden.
 He resigned from that position on November 14, 2006, following a shutout loss to Wake Forest three days earlier.
 He has also been a wide receivers coach and coached at Salem College, Samford University and Southern Miss.
 Bowden played wide receiver at Florida State from 1981 until 1982.
David Beaty (born October 26, 1970) is the head football coach at the University of Kansas.
 He was Kansas' wide receivers coach from 2008 to 2009 and co-offensive coordinator and wide receivers coach in 2011.
 He also has been a coach for the Rice Owls and Texas A&M Aggies.
 He coached both soccer and football at the high school level for Naaman Forest High School and Garland High School, before becoming the head football coach at North Dallas High School and Irving MacArthur.
Matt Lubick (born January 26, 1972) is an American football coach.
 He currently serves as the co-offensive coordinator/wide receivers coach at Washington.
 He was named the 2012 Football Scoop Wide Receivers Coach of the Year while coaching at Duke.
Jimmy Robinson (born January 3, 1953 in New York, New York) is a former American football wide receiver and retired wide receivers coach of the National Football League.
 He played for the New York Giants and San Francisco 49ers during his playing career.
 He was a wide receivers coach in professional football since 1984, coaching for the Memphis Showboats, Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets, Atlanta Falcons, Indianapolis Colts, New York Giants, New Orleans Saints, Green Bay Packers, and most recently the Dallas Cowboys.
Kevin Michael Gilbride (born December 14, 1979) is an American Football coach who is the tight ends coach for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was the wide receivers coach for the Giants from 2012 to 2013 until he was reassigned to coach tight ends in 2014.
 He played college football at the University of Hawaii, and was the wide receivers coach at Temple University from 2007 to 2010.
Kris Cinkovich (born September 30, 1960) is an American football coach and former player.
 He is currently the assistant head coach, offensive coordinator and offensive line coach at the University of Idaho, a position he has held since March 2013.
 Cinkovich has previously been the wide receivers coach for the Arkansas Razorbacks football team at the University of Arkansas from 2010 to 2012.
 He was also employed at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, as the wide receivers coach for UNLV Rebels football, and won the Nevada State Championships in 2001 as the head football coach at Las Vegas High School in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 He and his wife, Joan, have two daughters, Carly and Stephanie.
Derek Dooley (born June 10, 1968) is an American football coach and former player.
 He currently serves as the wide receivers coach for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL).
Zach Azzanni is an American football coach who is currently the wide receivers coach for the Chicago Bears.
 He was previously the wide receivers coach and passing game coordinator at the University of Tennessee.
 He was also the wide receivers coach of the Wisconsin Badgers and the Offensive Coordinator at Western Kentucky University, as well as the wide receivers coach at the University of Florida under former Florida coach, Urban Meyer.
 Prior to arriving in Gainesville, Azzanni served as the wide receivers coach as well as the assistant head coach at Central Michigan University.
 His CMU teams compiled a three-year record of 28–13 including three consecutive Bowl appearances.
 He was also a member of the Florida coaching staff for the BCS All State Sugar Bowl when Tim Tebow led the Gators' defeat of Cincinnati, 51–24.
Bryan Edward McClendon (born December 28, 1983) is an American football coach and former player.
 He is currently the co-offensive coordinator and wide receivers coach at the University of South Carolina.
 McClendon formerly coached wide receivers at the University of Georgia and was interim head coach for the 2015 TaxSlayer Bowl due to Mark Richt's no longer coaching the team.
 He had coached the running backs since 2009 but took over the role of coaching the wide receivers when Thomas Brown was hired from Wisconsin Badgers.
 Brown also served as the Recruiting Coordinator for Georgia.
 On January 12, 2015, he was promoted and given the title of Assistant Head Coach.
Kevin Leon Beard (born January 20, 1981) is an American football coach and former player who currently serves as the wide receivers coach for University of Tennessee.
 He played college football at the University of Miami for Larry Coker, and afterward played professionally in the AF2 from 2005 to 2006, and in the Arena Football League in 2007.
 In 2015, Beard returned to Miami as the wide receivers coach.
