Everett is an unincorporated community located along the border of Holmdel and Middletown townships in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
 The community is located on Everett Road (County Route 52), along which the township line runs, at its intersection with Stillwell Road and Sunnyside Road.
 Most of the area in Everett is composed of homes with some farmlands nearby.
 Holmdel's Bell Labs Complex is located to the west of Everett.
The Turner Historic District encompasses the 19th-century core of the small community of Cypert in rural Phillips County, Arkansas.
 Located at the junction of Arkansas Highway 318 and County Road 606, south-southwest of Marvell, the district includes a store and house, both built and operated by members of the Turner family, who were among the first to settle the area.
 The John L. Turner House, built in 1896, is unusual as a relatively high-style Queen Anne Victorian for such a remote rural area.
 The N. B. Turner & Son Store, built in 1892, is wood-frame structure with Folk Victorian styling.
 Both properties continue to be owned by members of the Turner family.
Argentine is a community of Kansas City, Kansas, located in the southern part of Wyandotte County.
 It is bordered on the west by the Turner community, on the east by the Rosedale community, on the south by Johnson County, and on the north by Armourdale community and by the Kansas River.
Scraps of Time: 1879, Away West is a 2006 book by Patricia McKissack about a farmboy, Everett Turner, who runs away and joins the Exodusters, travelling to Nicodemus, Kansas.
Wilsonville is an unincorporated crossroads along U.S. Route 64 between Pittsboro and Apex at B. Everett Jordan Lake in Chatham County, North Carolina, United States.
 The area, which is lightly populated, is a geographical reference point for people travelling around Chatham County and Jordan Lake and is home to two gas stations.
 The main feature of Wilsonville is Wilsonville General Store along U.S. 64, which serves as an anchor for the Jordan Lake State Recreation Area and several nearby public beaches and campgrounds, including Ebeneezer Beach, Seaforth Beach, and Crosswinds, Parker's Creek, Poplar Point, and Vista Point campgrounds.
 Five miles southeast is the unincorporated community of New Hill, North Carolina.
William H. Turner Technical Arts High School, commonly referred to as Turner Tech, is a secondary technical school located at 10151 NW 19th Avenue in West Little River, unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida.
 Turner Tech is located behind Miami Central High School.
 According to US news (Best High Schools), William H. Turner Technical Arts High School is ranked #2574 in the National Rankings and earned a silver medal.
 As of July 21, 2017, Turner Tech's principal is Uwezo Frasier.
 The school is ranked as a "B" school and is part of the Miami Dade Public Schools magnet program.
Everett, Georgia is a small, rural unincorporated community in Glynn County, Georgia, United States (not to be confused with another Everett located in Thomas County).
 Robert Hammond Everett (1850-1935) of Brunswick, Georgia, once owned large tracts of timber in the vicinity and operated a lumber and cypress shingle mill near the railroad junction, which was named for him.
 It was originally chartered as Everett City, Georgia in 1894, but lost its municipality status about ten years later, having failed to grow as hoped.
Turner is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Blaine County, Montana, United States.
 Turner is located on Montana State Highway 241 41.5 mi east-northeast of Chinook.
 Its population was 61 as of the 2010 census.
 Turner has a post office with ZIP code 59542; it also has an airport, Turner Airport.
 Turner is the farthest community in the continental U.S. from a Major League Baseball park; it lies 646.93 mi from Safeco Field in Seattle, the nearest park.
Llanegryn is a village and a community in Gwynedd, north-west Wales.
 It was formerly part of the historic county of Merionethshire (Welsh: "Meirionnydd, Sir Feirionnydd" ).
 It is located within Snowdonia National Park south of the Snowdonia ("Eryri") mountain range.
 Travelling by road, it is around 4 mi north-east of Tywyn and 17 mi south-west of Dolgellau.
 The nearest railway stations are at Tonfanau and Llwyngwril, both less than 3 mi away.
Everett Community College (EvCC) is a community college located in Everett, Washington, in the Seattle metropolitan area.
 EvCC educates more than 19,000 students every year at locations throughout Snohomish County, Washington with most students and faculty at the main campus (2000 Tower Street, Everett, Washington 98201).
