Merv Griffin Entertainment is an American production company founded by American media mogul Merv Griffin on May 13, 1996.
 It is a successor to Merv Griffin Enterprises.
 Its productions include revivals of recent franchises (such as "Dance Fever", revived in 2003 for the Freeform channel).
 Griffin's company is part of The Griffin Group.
 Merv Griffin Entertainment owns "The Merv Griffin Show" and "Dance Fever", but Sony Pictures Television handles television distribution rights.
 The television division was run by Yani-Brune Entertainment from 2005 to 2008; hand-picked by Griffin himself.
 In 2008, ShineReveille International made a deal with Merv Griffin Entertainment to distribute all of MGE programming overseas.
Keith Rupert Murdoch, {'1': ", '2': 'AC KCSG', '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 11 March 1931) is an Australian-born American media mogul.
 His father, Sir Keith Murdoch, had been a reporter, editor, and senior executive of the "Herald" and "Weekly Times" newspaper publishing company, covering all Australian states except New South Wales.
 After his father's death in 1952, Murdoch declined to join his late father's registered public company and created his own private company, News Limited.
 Murdoch thus had full control as Chairman and CEO of global media holding company News Corporation, now the world's second-largest media conglomerate, and its successors, News Corp and 21st Century Fox, after the conglomerate split on 28 June 2013.
A media proprietor, media mogul or media tycoon refers to a successful entrepreneur or businessperson who controls, through personal ownership or via a dominant position in any media related company or enterprise, media consumed by a large number of individuals.
 Those with significant control, ownership, and influence of a large company in the mass media may also be called a tycoon, baron, or business magnate.
 Social media creators and founders can also be considered media moguls, as such channels deliver media to a large consumer base.
The Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference is an annual media finance conference hosted and wholly independently funded by private investment firm Allen & Company.
 The conference has taken place in Sun Valley, Idaho for one week each July since 1983.
 The conference typically features business leaders, political figures, and major figures in the philanthropic and cultural spheres.
 Previous conference guests have included Bill and Melinda Gates, Warren and Susan Buffett, Tony Blair, Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Allen alumnus and former Philippine Senator Mar Roxas, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt, Yahoo! co-founder Jerry Yang, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, Media Mogul Rupert Murdoch, eBay CEO Meg Whitman, BET founder Robert Johnson, Time Warner Chairman Richard Parsons, NBA player LeBron James, Governor Chris Christie, entertainer Dan Chan, Katharine Graham of "The Washington Post", Diane Sawyer, InterActiveCorp Chairman Barry Diller, Linkedin co-founder Reid Hoffman, Sandro Salsano from Salsano Group, and Washington Post CEO Donald E. Graham, and Oprah.
A Girl like Me is a 2005 documentary by Kiri Davis.
 The seven-minute documentary examines such things as the importance of color, hair and facial features for young African American women.
 It won the Diversity Award at the 6th Annual Media That Matters film festival in New York City, and has received coverage on various American media sources, such as CNN, ABC, NPR.
 The documentary has been shown on HBO.
 The documentary was made as part of Reel Works Teen Filmmaking.
Mona Scott-Young (born February 15, 1967) is an American media mogul, television producer, executive producer and entrepreneur.
 She is the CEO of the multi-media entertainment company Monami Entertainment, best known for producing the VH1 reality television franchise "Love & Hip Hop".
Caroline Spencer is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, "The Bold and the Beautiful", created by producer Bradley Bell.
 She is portrayed by actress Linsey Godfrey.
 She is the daughter of media mogul Karen Spencer (Joanna Johnson), niece of media mogul Bill Spencer, Jr. (Don Diamont) and namesake of her aunt, Caroline Spencer Forrester (Johnson).
Marion Gordon "Pat" Robertson (born March 22, 1930) is an American media mogul, executive chairman, and former Southern Baptist minister who advocates conservative Christian ideals.
 He presently serves as chancellor and CEO of Regent University and chairman of the Christian Broadcasting Network.
American media mogul Ted Turner created several channels featuring his name:
Elisabeth Murdoch ( ; born 22 August 1968) is an Australian-born American media executive based in the United Kingdom.
 Murdoch is the second daughter of Australian-born American multi-billionaire media proprietor Rupert Murdoch.
 She was a non-executive chairperson of Shine Group, the UK-based TV program production company she founded in 2001, until the company's parent, her father's 21st Century Fox on 1 January 2015 merged its Shine division with ApolloGlobal Management's Endemol and Core Media production houses, specializing in reality TV.
