Fiat S.p.A., or "Fabbrica Italiana Automobili Torino" (Italian Automobile Factory of Turin), was an Italian holding company whose original and core activities were in the automotive industry, and that was succeeded by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCA).
 The Fiat Group contained many brands such as Ferrari, Maserati, Fiat, Alfa Romeo, the Chrysler Group, and many more.
 On 29 January 2014, it was announced that Fiat S.p.A. (the former owner of Fiat Group) was to be merged into a new Netherlands-based holding company Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCA), took place before the end of 2014.
 Fiat Chrysler Automobiles became the new owner of Fiat Group.
 On 1 August 2014, Fiat S.p.A. received necessary shareholder approval to proceed with the merger (which followed board approval).
 The merger became effective 12 October 2014.
The Ferrari Ascari is a Ferrari concept car that won the "Ferrari: New Concepts for the Myth" car design competition in 2005.
 The car was designed by Manuele Amprimo, Werner Gruber, and Yu Jae-Cheul from Istituto Europeo di Design (IED; English: "European Institute of Design"), Turin, Italy.
 The judges of the competition included Luca Cordero di Montezemolo, the second and only living son of Enzo Ferrari, Piero Ferrari, Jean Todt, Amedeo Felisa, Massimo Fumarola, Pininfarina, and more than 22,000 users of FerrariWorld's online website.
 A scale model was made for the competition.
 As a result of this competition, the Ferrari Ascari, has a larger chance of evolving from concept car to reality.
Fiat Industrial S.p.A. was an Italian company into which Fiat S.p.A. (parent company of Fiat Group) demerged most of its activities not directly related to automobiles at the start of 2011.
 Fiat Industrial served as a holding company for the activities of truck manufacturer Iveco; an 89.3% stake in the agricultural and construction equipment producer CNH Global; and FPT Industrial, which consists of the industrial and marine activities formerly part of Fiat Powertrain Technologies.
 The company's Chairman was Sergio Marchionne, who also served as CEO of Fiat S.p.A. and Chairman/CEO of Chrysler Group LLC, now merged as Fiat Chrysler Automobiles.
GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd. is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Changsha, China and a 50:50 joint-venture between GAC Group and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles.
 The company was founded on 9 March 2010.
 Fiat has agreed to invest an initial US$559 million in the venture.
Future Italy ("Italia Futura", IF) is an Italian liberal-centrist think tank, formed in 2009 by Luca Cordero di Montezemolo, chairman of Alitalia (since 2014) and former chairman of Ferrari (1991–2014), FIAT (2004–2010) and Confindustria (2004–2008).
Luca Cordero di Montezemolo (] ; born 31 August 1947) is an Italian businessman, former Chairman of Ferrari, and formerly Chairman of Fiat S.p.A. and President of Confindustria and FIEG.
 He comes from an aristocratic family from the region of Piedmont in Italy.
 He graduated with a degree in law from La Sapienza University in 1971.
 Afterward, he studied for a masters degree in international commercial law at Columbia University.
 He is one of the founders and former president of NTV, an Italian company which is Europe's first private open access operator of 300 km/h (186 mph) high-speed trains.
Fiat Automobiles S.p.A. (FIAT, Italian: "Fabbrica Italiana Automobili Torino" , 'Italian Automobiles Factory, Turin' ) is the largest automobile manufacturer in Italy, a subsidiary of FCA Italy S.p.A., which is part of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles.
 Fiat Automobiles S.p.A. was formed in January 2007 when Fiat reorganized its automobile business, and traces its history back to 1899 when the first Fiat automobile was produced.
 Fiat has also been involved in weapons manufacture such as the Fiat–Revelli Modello 1914
The 2009 24 Hours of Le Mans (French: "24 Heures du Mans 2009" ) was the 77th Grand Prix of Endurance, an endurance auto race run over 24 hours.
 It took place at the Circuit de la Sarthe, Le Mans, France, and was organised by the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO) over 13–14 June 2009 and was started by Fiat and Ferrari chairman Luca Cordero di Montezemolo at 15:00 local time (13:00 UTC).
 A test day was initially scheduled for 31 May that year, but was canceled by the ACO due to economic concerns.
 The race was attended by 234,800 spectators.
FIAT Chrysler Automobiles Serbia (Serbian: "FIAT Krajsler Automobili Srbija" ) is an automobile assembly plant in Kragujevac, Serbia and a subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles — previously the headquarters and assembly plant of Zastava Automobiles.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (abbreviated as FCA) is an Italian-controlled multinational corporation incorporated in the Netherlands, and currently the world’s seventh-largest auto maker.
 The group was established in late 2014 by merging Fiat S.p.A. into a new holding company, FCA (with headquarters in London) for tax purposes.
 The holding company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and Borsa Italiana in Milan.
 Exor S.p.A, an Italian investment group controlled by the Agnelli family, owns 29.19% of FCA and controls 44.31% through a loyalty voting mechanism.
