The 153d Infantry Regiment (First Arkansas) is a United States infantry regiment, currently represented in the Arkansas Army National Guard by the 1st Battalion, 153rd Infantry, headquartered at Malvern, Arkansas, and 2nd Battalion, 153rd Infantry, headquartered at Searcy, Arkansas, elements of the 39th Brigade Combat Team.
 The regiment was also represented by the 3rd Battalion, 153rd Infantry Regiment headquartered at Warren, Arkansas until that unit was deactivated on 5 September 2005.
 The regiment was activated as the 1st Arkansas Volunteer Infantry for the Spanish-American War, but did not deploy overseas.
 The regiment was activated for World War I, redesignated as the 153rd Infantry and shipped to France as a part of the 39th Division, but became a replacement division and personnel were reassigned to other AEF units.
 The regiment was activated for World War II and deployed to the Aleutian Islands, participating in the Aleutian Islands Campaign.
 Recently, elements of the regiment have participated in two deployments in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, in 2004 and again in 2008.
The 52nd Infantry Division ("52.Infanterie-Division") was a division of the Imperial German Army during World War I.
 The division was formed on March 6, 1915, from units taken from other divisions or newly raised.
 The division was initially mixed, with two infantry regiments from the Grand Duchy of Baden, one infantry regiment from Prussian Saxony, and Prussian and Baden support units (cavalry, artillery, engineers, and service and support units).
 While the infantry regiments and the divisional cavalry squadron were regular army units, the rest of the division was made up of reserve units and units formed during the war.
 The 66th Magdeburg Infantry Regiment was taken from the 7th Infantry Division, and the 169th and 170th Infantry Regiments were taken from Baden's 29th Infantry Division.
 The 52nd Infantry Division became more Baden as the war progressed, as the 66th Magdeburg Infantry Regiment, the regiment from Prussian Saxony, was replaced on April 6, 1917, by Baden's 111th Infantry Regiment "Margrave Ludwig Wilhelm".
The 503rd Infantry Regiment, formerly the 503rd Parachute Infantry Regiment (PIR) and the 503rd Airborne Infantry Regiment (AIR), is an airborne infantry regiment of the United States Army.
 The regiment served as an independent regiment in the Pacific War during World War II; at Fort Campbell, Kentucky; in Okinawa, Japan; and in Germany.
 Regimental elements have been assigned to the 2nd Infantry Division, the 11th Airborne Division, the 24th Infantry Division, the 82nd Airborne Division, and the 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team.
 Regimental elements have participated in campaigns in the Vietnam War, Operation Enduring Freedom–Afghanistan, and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
 The regiment claims 15 Medal of Honor recipients: two from World War II, 10 from Vietnam, and three from Afghanistan.
 A parent regiment under the U.S. Army Regimental System.
 The regiment's 1st and 2nd Battalions are active, assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade, based at Caserma Ederle, Vicenza, Italy.
The 22nd Arkansas Infantry Regiment was a Confederate Army infantry regiment during the American Civil War (1862–1865).
 This regiment was originally organized as the 17th Arkansas Infantry Regiment, reorganized after the battle of Pea Ridge as 1st Regiment, Northwest Division, Trans-Mississippi Department, or Rector's War Regiment, redisgnated as the 35th Arkansas in the summer of 1862, and reorganized and redesignated as the 22nd Arkansas following the Battle of Prairie Grove.
 The unit was also sometimes referred to as, King's Arkansas Infantry or McCord's Arkansas Infantry.
 This was the second regiment to be officially designated as the 22nd Arkansas.
 The first was mustered in at DeValls Bluff, Arkansas, on April 9, 1862, and later reorganized as the 20th Arkansas Infantry Regiment.
The 506th Infantry Regiment, originally designated the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment (506th PIR) during World War II, is an airborne light infantry regiment of the United States Army.
 Currently a parent regiment under the U.S. Army Regimental System, the regiment has two active battalions: the 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment (1-506th) is assigned to the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division, and the 2nd Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment (2-506th) is assigned to the 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division.
The 39th Arkansas Infantry Regiment or Cocke's Arkansas Infantry Regiment (also known as "Johnson's regiment," "Hawthorn's regiment," "Cocke's regiment," and "Polk's regiment") was an infantry formation in the Confederate States Army during the Civil War, and was successively commanded by Colonels A. W. Johnson, A. T. Hawthorn, J. B. Cocke, and Lieutenant-Colonel C. Polk.
 It was mustered into service on June 17, 1862, at Trenton, Arkansas, remaining active through May 26, 1865.
 When Major-General Sterling Price's staff decided to designate all infantry regiments in the District of Arkansas as "Trans-Mississippi rifle regiments", the 39th Arkansas Infantry Regiment was designated as the 6th Trans-Mississippi Rifle Regiment.
 One other Arkansas regiment was designated as the 39th Arkansas Infantry; that regiment being successively commanded by Colonels Hart, McNeill, and Rogan.
 It was originally designated as the 39th Arkansas, but later redesignated as the 30th Arkansas Infantry Regiment.
 The 39th served in the Trans-Mississippi Theater of the American Civil War and participated in all of the principal engagements in that department before disbanding on May 26, 1865.
The 1st Florida Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment raised by the Confederate state of Florida during the American Civil War.
 Raised for 12 months of service its remaining veterans served in the 1st (McDonell's) Battalion, Florida Infantry from April 1862 on.
 In August the depleted battalion was consolidated with the 3rd (Miller's) Battalion into the reorganized 1st Florida Infantry Regiment again.
 In December 1862 it merged with the 3rd Florida Infantry Regiment and received the form it kept till the war's end as the 1st and 3rd Consolidated Florida Infantry Regiment.
 Fighting as part of the Army of Tennessee in the Western Theater of the American Civil War it was surrendered on April 26, 1865.
The 4th Marine Infantry Regiment (French: "4 Régiment d'Infanterie de Marine, 4 RIMa" ) was a French marine regiment of the troupes de marine within the French Army.
 This regiment was part of the « Quatre Grands » of the Marine Infantry along with the 1st Marine Infantry Regiment 1 RIMa, the 2nd Marine Infantry Regiment 2 RIMa, the 3rd Marine Infantry Regiment 3 RIMa, however was dissolved in 1998.
 Along with the 1st Marine Artillery Regiment 1 RAMa and 2nd Marine Artillery Regiment 2 RAMa, the 4th Marine formed of the two brigades of the Blue Division.
 On June 14, 2001, the GSMA of Mayotte, heir to the 4th Marine Infantry Regiment, received the color guard of the regimental colors.
The 18th Arkansas Infantry (Marmaduke's) (1861–1865) was a Confederate Army infantry regiment during the American Civil War.
 The unit was also briefly identified as the 1st Arkansas Infantry Battalion.
 The unit was most often referred to as the 3rd Confederate Infantry Regiment.
 The designation "Confederate Infantry Regiment" was intended to convey the difference between Provisional Confederate Army units and Regular Confederate Army Units, with Provisional units being those regiments who received a state designation such as "XX Arkansas Infantry Regiment".
 In practice, the designation was most often utilized when Regiments were assembled utilizing companies from more than one confederate state.
 The "3rd Confederate Infantry Regiment" is occasionally misidentified as the 3rd Arkansas Infantry Regiment commanded by Colonel Van H. Manning.
The 1st Marine Infantry Regiment (French: "1 Régiment d'Infanterie de Marine, 1 RIMa" ) is a French regiment heir of the colonial infantry.
 The regiment is one of the « quatre vieux » regiments of the Troupes de Marine, with the 2nd Marine Infantry Regiment 2 RIMa, the 3rd Marine Infantry Regiment 3 RIMa, as well the 4th Marine Infantry Regiment 4 RIMa (dissolved in 1998).
 Along with the 1st Marine Artillery Regiment 1 RAMa and the 2nd Marine Artillery Regiment 2 RAMa, the 1st Marine formed the Blue Division.
 The 1 RIMa is a light armoured unit, since 1986, alike with the régiment d'infanterie-chars de marine RICM.
