"Two Weeks" is the twenty-first episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the 93rd overall episode of the series.
 It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 26, 2009.
 In this episode, Michael, who has given his two weeks' notice to Dunder Mifflin, tries to convince others in the office to quit and join him in starting a new paper company.
 Meanwhile, Pam spends her day trying to put together the new photocopier and becomes frustrated with her job.
Dana Robins Ivey (born August 12, 1941) is an American actress.
 She is a five-time Tony Award nominee for her work on Broadway, and won the 1997 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play for her work in both "Sex and Longing" and "The Last Night of Ballyhoo".
 Her film appearances include "The Color Purple" (1985), "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" (1988), "The Addams Family" (1991), "Two Weeks Notice" (2002), "Rush Hour 3" (2007) and "The Help" (2011).
Rester vrai is a 1994 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny.
 It was his third studio album and was released in March 1994.
 It achieved moderate success in France where it remained charted for 39 weeks in the top 50, including a peak at #19 for two weeks.
 For the first time in Pagny's career, lyrics were written by other artists such as Jean-Jacques Goldman who participated under the pseudonym of Sam Brewski.
 This album provided two singles : the unsuccessful "Est-ce que tu me suis ?"
 (#45 in France) and the hit single "Si tu veux m'essayer" (#7 in France), which was recorded as "If You Want to Know Me" in 2009 by the Belgian singer Dana Winner for the album "Between Now and Tomorrow" with English lyrics by Michael Leahy.
 The music video for the track "Rester vrai" was directed by Dani Jacobs and shot in London and features Pagny trapped in a glass box in a large empty space as if he is a museum exhibit or part of an experiment.
Two Weeks Notice is a 2002 Australian-American romantic comedy film starring Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock.
 The film was written and directed by Marc Lawrence, who had previously scripted two other box-office hits for Bullock, "Miss Congeniality" and "Forces of Nature".
 Although critical response was mixed, the film received a successful box office run, both in the United States and globally.
Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde (also referred to as just Legally Blonde 2) is a 2003 American comedy film directed by Charles Herman-Wurmfeld and written by Kate Kondell.
 The sequel to the 2001 film "Legally Blonde", the film stars Reese Witherspoon alongside an ensemble cast featuring Sally Field, Regina King, Jennifer Coolidge, Bruce McGill, Dana Ivey, Mary Lynn Rajskub, Bob Newhart, and Luke Wilson, with Coolidge and Wilson reprising their roles from the first film.
"New World Man" is a track from the 1982 album "Signals" by Canadian rock band Rush.
 The song was the last and quickest composed song on the album, stemming from a suggestion by then-Rush producer Terry Brown to even out the lengths of the two sides of the cassette version.
 It went to #1 (on the "RPM" national singles chart) in Canada, where it remained for two weeks in October 1982.
 Less successful in the United States, it nonetheless remains Rush's only American Top 40 hit, peaking at #21 on the "Billboard" singles chart for three weeks in October and November 1982.
 It also topped the "Billboard" Top Tracks chart for two weeks (their first single to do so).
 "New World Man" also reached #42 in the UK; a remixed version released as a double A-side with "Countdown" later reached #36 in the UK in early 1983.
Heather Burns (born April 7, 1975) is an American actress, known for her role as Miss Rhode Island in the 2000 film "Miss Congeniality".
 Her other film appearances include "You've Got Mail" (1998), "Two Weeks Notice" (2002) and "Bewitched" (2005).
"Swear It Again" is a song by Irish boy band Westlife.
 It was released on April 12, 1999 in the United Kingdom and on February 25, 2000 in the United States as the first single from their self-titled debut album Westlife (1999).
 It peaked at number one in the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in May 1999.
 It moved to 182,000 units in the first two weeks of its release and spent 13 weeks on the charts.
 This made it the first of fourteen UK number-one singles.
 To date, "Swear It Again" is Westlife's only single to have charted in the U.S., peaking at number 20 on the Billboard Hot 100 and ranking number 75 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Year End Charts, in 2000.
 The song was performed live on "Miss Teen USA 2000".
Dana ( or ) as a surname may have several origins.
 In England, it came from "dann", the valley of a meadow, and it may mean the dweller of that valley.
 In Continental Europe, it probably came from "Dane" (or Danish, from Denmark).
 This surname is related to Danese in Italy and it can be found mostly in the Piedmont region.
 It may also be a modification of Huguenot French origin, probably a variant of "d'Aunay", of geographical origin.
 It may be also a Gaelic patronymic, since it is a common forename in Ireland.
 Dana is a relatively common surname in the US, ranking 7161 out of 88,799 in the 1990 U.S. Census.
 Dana is also the Persian word for wisdom.
A Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) is a notice filed with an aviation authority to alert aircraft pilots of potential hazards along a flight route or at a location that could affect the safety of the flight.
 NOTAMs are unclassified notices or advisories distributed by means of telecommunication that contain information concerning the establishment, conditions or change in any aeronautical facility, service, procedure or hazard, the timely knowledge of which is essential to personnel and systems concerned with flight operations.
 NOTAMs are created and transmitted by government agencies and airport operators under guidelines specified by Annex 15: Aeronautical Information Services of the Convention on International Civil Aviation (CICA).
 The term NOTAM came into common use rather than the more formal "Notice to Airmen" following the ratification of the CICA, which came into effect on 4 April 1947.
 Notices to Airmen were normally published in a regular publication by each country's air authorities (e.g., in "Flight Magazine" in the UK).
 A number of developments and amendments to the CICA have resulted in the more automated system available today.
