"How Your Mother Met Me" is the sixteenth episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" and the 200th episode overall.
 This is the only episode of the series in which the episode title was used instead of the usual opening that featured the cast and series's title.
"Slapsgiving 3: Slappointment in Slapmarra " is the fourteenth episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 198th episode overall.
 The episode's name is a reference to "The Appointment in Samarra," a fable by W. Somerset Maugham based on an ancient Mesopotamian story about the inevitability of death.
"Last Time in New York" is the third episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 187th episode overall.
"Vesuvius" is the nineteenth episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 203rd episode overall.
 The episode features Ted in 2024, telling the Mother about the day of Robin and Barney's wedding.
 The final scene prompted some to think that the Mother was dead; this was proven correct in the series finale, "Last Forever".
"Unpause" is the fifteenth episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 199th episode overall.
 This is also the episode where Ted's future children's names are finally revealed; the daughter's name is Penny and the son is Luke.
"Dæmonicus" is the third episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files" and the show's 185th episode overall.
 It first premiered on the Fox network in the United States on December 2, 2001.
 The episode was written and directed by executive producer Frank Spotnitz.
 The episode is a "monster-of-the-week" episode, a stand-alone plot which is unconnected to the mythology, or overarching fictional history, of "The X-Files".
 The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 5.5 and its premiere was viewed by 5.80 million households.
 The episode received mixed reviews from television critics.
"Platonish" is the ninth episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 193rd episode overall.
"The Locket" is the first episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 185th episode overall.
"Coming Back" is the second episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 186th episode overall.
Lou Cutell (born October 6, 1930) is an American movie and television actor.
 He portrayed the proctologist, Dr. Cooperman, in "The Fusilli Jerry" episode of the television series "Seinfeld" and Leo Funkhouser on "Curb Your Enthusiasm".
 Among cult movie fans, he is best known for his portrayal of Dr. Nadir in "Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster", and he can be briefly seen in "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" as Amazing Larry.
 In 1998, he also played a small role in "The Odd Couple II" as Abe, one of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau)'s card-playing friends in Sarasota, Florida.
 Recently, he was a series regular on the NBC show, "Betty White's Off Their Rockers".
 In 2013, he appeared on the "How I Met Your Mother" episode "Last Time in New York".
