Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov (Russian: Лев Влади́мирович Кулешо́в ; 13 January [O.S. 1 January] 1899 – 29 March 1970) was a Russian and Soviet filmmaker and film theorist, one of the founders of the world's first film school, the Moscow Film School.
 He was given the title People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1969.
 He was intimately involved in development of the style of film making known as Soviet montage, especially it's psychological underpinning, including the use of editing and the cut to emotionally influence the audience, a principle known as the Kuleshov effect.
 He also developed the theory of creative geography, which is the use of the action around a cut to connect otherwise disparate settings into a cohesive narrative.
Anani ben Sason (also called 'Anani, 'Inani, and 'Inyani) was a Jewish Talmudist who lived in the Land of Israel, known as an amora of the third century, a contemporary of R. Ammi.
 He rarely discussed "Halakot", and his discussions of them were not original ("Shab.
" 64b).
 Once he recited a "Halakah" in the patriarch's mansion, without naming its author, which provoked R. Ammi to ask: "Is it his own?
 It is what R. Eleazar had reported in the name of R. Oshaiah" (M. Ḳ.
 24b).
 In the "Haggadah", he sometimes reported the sayings of others, but more often he was original.
 Thus, as a reason for the juxtaposition of the regulations regarding the sacrificial rites and the priestly vestments ("Ex.
" xxviii-xxix), he points out that the priestly vestments were to have atoning effects as well as the sacrifices.
 He represents the miter as atoning for haughtiness, and cites R. Chanina as saying, "That which rests highest on the priest atones for one's considering himself high"; and similarly with the rest of the priestly garments ("Zeb."
 88b; " 'Ar."
 16a; compare "Yer.
 Yoma," vii.
 44b; "Lev.
 R." x.).
 Referring to God's appearance in the thorn-bush ("Ex."
 iii.
 2-4) he remarks, "The Holy One—blessed be He!
—said to Moses, 'When I will it, one of my angels stretcheth forth his hand from heaven and reacheth to the ground,' as the Scripture says ["Ezek.
" viii.
 3], 'He put forth the form of a hand, and took me by a lock of mine head'; and when it so pleaseth me, I make three angels sit under one tree ["Gen." xviii.
 4]; when I choose, my glory fills the universe, as it is written ["Jer."
 xxiii.
 24], 'Do I not fill heaven and earth?
 saith the Lord'; 'and when I so willed, I spoke to Job in a whirlwind, as it is said ["Job," xxxviii.
 1, xl.
 6], "The Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind"" ("Ex.
 R." iii., where the interpretation is somewhat forced).
Aryanto Yuniawan (born June 18, 1977 in Magelang; age 40) is Chief Executive Officer of PT Mataram Surya Visi Sinema, a multimedia and animation movie company located in Jogja Indonesia.
 Ary (his nickname) is best known as a director of Battle of Surabaya, the first 2D animation movie in Indonesia which got some awards i.e. Gold Remi Award USA 2016, GrandPrize Winner of SICAF 2016 in South Korea, Winner of Nice International Filmmaker Festival 2017 in France, Winner of Nioda International Film Festival in India and others.
 He is also acclaimed as a writer, a producer, and currently working on several articles and books related to his job and hobby.
 He started his career from directing and producing independent animation films including music videos.
 He was trusted to be one of the juries of several film festivals such as Festival Film Indonesia (FFI 2016), Noida International Film Festival (NIFF 2016), and Seoul International Cartoon and Animation Festival (SICAF 2017).
Pamela B. Green is an American film producer and director known for her work in feature film titles and motion graphics.
 She is the director and producer of the documentary "Be Natural: The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blache".
Pamela B. Davis, MD, PhD is a pediatric pulmonologist specializing in cystic fibrosis research.
 She has been Dean of the School of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University since 2007.
 She was elected to the Institute of Medicine in 2014.
Pamela B. Gilbert (born October 3, 1958) is an American lawyer and has been a partner of the law firm Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca, LLP since 2003, where she heads the firm's lobbying practice.
 Gilbert is a noted consumer rights advocate who has testified before Congress over fifty times and made dozens of appearances in the national print and electronic media.
Seasoned Veteran is the third studio album by American rapper Richie Rich.
 It was released November 5, 1996 on Def Jam Recordings, and to date is the only major label release for the artist.
 The album was produced by Ali Malik, DJ Daryl, Doug Rasheed, Jermaine Dupri, Lev Berlak, Mike Mosley, Richie Rich and Rick Rock.
 It peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 35 on the "Billboard" 200.
 Two of the singles released, "Let's Ride" and "Do G's Get To Go To Heaven?
", both appeared on multiple "Billboard" singles charts.
 The album features guest performances by 2Pac, E-40, Luniz, D'wayne Wiggins, T-Boz, and Rame Royal of Rhythm & Green.
Total is an American contemporary R&B girl group and one of the signature acts of Sean Combs' Bad Boy Records imprint during the 1990s.
 The group consisted of members Kima Raynor, Keisha Spivey, and Pamela Long.
 Total is best known for their hits "What You Want" (Featuring Mase), "Kissing You", "Can't You See" (featuring The Notorious B.I.G.), and "What About Us?"
 and "Trippin'", both featuring Missy Elliott.
 Long was also featured on The Notorious B.I.G.'s hit song "Hypnotize", singing the chorus.
Eliezer ben Jacob I (Hebrew: אליעזר בן יעקב) was a Tanna of the 1st century; contemporary of Eleazar b. Ḥisma and Eliezer b. Hyrcanus, and senior of Judah ben Ilai (Pes.
 32a, 39b; Yalḳ.
, Lev.
 638).
 Of his personal history nothing is known, except that he had seen the Temple at Jerusalem and was familiar with the specific purposes of its many apartments, a subject on which he was considered an authority (Yoma 16b).
 Some of the details, however, he eventually forgot, and was reminded of them by Abba Saul b. Baṭnit (Mid.
 ii.
 5, v. 4).
 Simon b. 'Azzai, R. Akiva's contemporary, relates that he had discovered a genealogical roll wherein was stated, "The Mishnah of R. Eliezer b. Jacob is only a 'ḳab' [small in proportion], but clear" (משנת ראב"י קב ונקי, Yeb.
 49b), wherefore subsequent generations generally adopted Eliezer's views as law (Yeb.
 60a; Bek.
 23b).
AES+F is an artist collective of four Russian artists: Tatiana Arzamasova (1955), Lev Evzovich (1958), Evgeny Svyatsky (1957), and Vladimir Fridkes (1956).
 It was first formed as AES Group in 1987 by Arzamasova, Evzovich, and Svyatsky, becoming AES+F when Fridkes joined in 1995.
 The collective works in photography, video, installation, and animation, as well as more traditional media, such as painting, drawing, and sculpture.
 AES+F's early work included performance, installation, painting, and illustration.
 Well known for their monumental video-art installations that Gareth Harris describes as "monumental painting set in motion", AES+F create grand visual narratives that explore contemporary global values, vices and conflicts.
