Hardley Flood is a Site of Special Scientific Interest on the north bank of the River Chet northeast of Loddon in Norfolk, part-managed by the Norfolk Wildlife Trust.
 It is an area of shallow lagoons and reedbeds acting as a spillway for the River Chet.
 Tidal muds attract a range of wading birds and the undisturbed reedbeds support nesting wildfowl and other fenland birds, including nationally important breeding populations of shoveller, pochard and gadwall.
 Hardley Flood was formed when agricultural land was flooded in the 1940s, and can be reached either by the footpath along the north bank of the River Chet from Loddon, or by boat as the River Chet is part of the navigable river system of the Norfolk Broads.
The River Chet is a small river in South Norfolk, England, a tributary of the River Yare.
 It rises in Poringland and flows eastwards through Alpington, Bergh Apton, Thurton and Loddon.
 At Loddon it passes under the A146 through Loddon Mill and into Loddon Staithe.
 From this point onwards the river is navigable.
 It then passes Hardley Flood to the north, a nature reserve part-managed by the Norfolk Wildlife Trust.
 The river finally joins the River Yare one mile west of Reedham at Hardley Cross, erected in 1676, which marks the ancient boundary between the City of Norwich and the Borough of Great Yarmouth.
 The total navigable length is some 3½ miles.
 Fishing is permitted between Loddon and Hardley Cross, bream and roach being the most common catch.
The Rover 20 was a new medium sized car announced by Rover in June 1907.
 It was a production version of the car which won the Isle of Man Tourist Trophy Race in 1906.
 However artillery wood wheels were fitted instead of the (still recommended) wire wheels used in the race and the longer wheelbase allowed the engine to be kept out of the passenger area.
 The prototype's engine came back beneath the petrol tank.
The GobizKOREA is operated by Korean SBC (Small & Medium Business Corporation), a non-profit, government-funded organization established to implement government policies and programs for the growth and development of Korean Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs).
 GobizKorea supports for overseas marketing and promotion of Korean small and medium sized corporations.
The genus Scathophaga are small to medium sized predatory flies that for the most part, have larvae that feed on other insect larva within animal dung or decaying vegetable matter.
 Many are highly variable, sometimes producing small, infertile males that superficially resemble females.
 is an example of an organism which may selectively store the sperm of multiple males, as females have three to four spermathecae.
The China IPR SME Helpdesk is a project funded by the European Commission's Directorate-General for Enterprise and Industry (DG ENTR).
 It provides European small and medium-sized enterprises with free, practical support on Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) in China.
 According to its website, The China IPR SME Helpdesk's mission is to "support European Union (EU) small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) to both protect and enforce their Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) in or relating to China, through the provision of free information and services".
Business Growth Fund is a £2.5bn UK-based firm that invests UK-based small and medium enterprises.
 It was created in 2011 in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis by Barclays, HSBC, Lloyds, RBS and Standard Chartered banks to support small and medium sized businesses with financial investment where otherwise under-served by traditional finance and private equity firms.
Zencap is a German company, operating a peer-to-peer lending platform, which allows private savers to lend money directly to small and medium sized businesses in Germany, Spain, and the Netherlands.
 Using the crowdfunding model, the company based in Berlin, Germany aims to create a direct link between private lenders and small businesses seeking loans.
 As of December 2014, Zencap had facilitated 5 million Euro in loans to small and medium sized firms.
The Palmer Hayflats State Game Refuge is located in Alaska, south of Wasilla and north of Anchorage.
 It is composed of 28800 acre of coastal marshy areas adjacent to Knik Arm that support populations of moose, muskrat, foxes, coyotes, eagles, and migratory waterfowl.
 The Knik River, the Matanuska River, Rabbit Slough, Wasilla Creek, Cottonwood Creek, and Spring Creek flow through it.
Isla Chañaral (sometimes referred to as Isla Chanaral or Chanaral Island) is located 6 km off-shore from the northern Central Chilean coast, some 100 km north of the city of La Serena.
 Together with Isla Choros and Isla Damas, the island forms the Humboldt Penguin National Reserve, which is administered by the Chilean Forestry Corporation (CONAF).
 All three islands support populations of Humboldt penguins, but are also habitat for several other rare and endangered animal species such as the Peruvian diving petrel or the South American marine otter.
 In recent years the reserve has experienced a strong increase in tourist activities, mainly due to the presence of bottlenose dolphins that reside in the waters of the reserve.
 However, recently local fishermen reported increasing spells of dolphin absence which scientist believe might be connected to disturbance from these largely unregulated activities.
