Thaddeus Stevens (April 4, 1792 – August 11, 1868) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania and one of the leaders of the Radical Republican faction of the Republican Party during the 1860s.
 A fierce opponent of slavery and discrimination against African-Americans, Stevens sought to secure their rights during Reconstruction, in opposition to President Andrew Johnson.
 As chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee during the American Civil War, he played a leading role, focusing his attention on defeating the Confederacy, financing the war with new taxes and borrowing, crushing the power of slave owners, ending slavery, and securing equal rights for the Freedmen.
Worthy Stevens Streator (October 16, 1816 – March 6, 1902) was an American physician, railroad developer, industrialist and entrepreneur after whom the city of Streator, Illinois is named.
 He was instrumental in the creation of the Atlantic and Great Western Railway in Ohio, was president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) and financed the first large-scale coal mine operation in Northern Illinois in 1866.
 He served as an Ohio State Senator in 1869, and was the first mayor of East Cleveland, Ohio.
 He was an influential in the development of many civic institutions in his home city of Cleveland, Ohio.
 He co-founded the "Christian Standard" magazine, he was an original endower of Case School of Applied Science and was a principal in the creation of the James A. Garfield Monument; the first true mausoleum created in the United States in honor of President James A. Garfield.
 He was a pallbearer at President Garfield's funeral in 1881.
The Louisiana Purchase Exposition dollar was a commemorative coin issue in gold dated 1903.
 Struck in two varieties, the coins were designed by United States Bureau of the Mint Chief Engraver Charles E. Barber.
 The pieces were issued to commemorate the Louisiana Purchase Exposition held in 1904 in St. Louis; one variety depicted former president Thomas Jefferson, and the other, the recently assassinated president William McKinley.
 Although not the first American commemorative coins, they were the first in gold.
Antonio Macías del Real (1866–1939) was a Spanish writer and pharmacist that moved to Guatemala where he wrote for most prestigious cultural publications.
 Among his articles are those that we wrote for "La Ilustración Guatemalteca" during the last year of general José María Reina Barrios presidency.
 When the president was assassinated on 8 February 1898, Macías del Real wrote "Perfiles biográficos de don Manuel Estrada Cabrera" ("Biographical profiles of Mr. Manuel Estrada Cabrera", who had been appointed as interim President; Macias del Real kept writing on behalf of the new president since then.
 In 1902 his adulation paid off, as Estrada Cabrera granted him the Pacific Railroad concession.
 According to Guatemalan historian Rafael Arévalo Martínez in his book "¡Ecce Pericles!"
, Macías del Real -a pharmacist graduated from Universidad Central de Madrid and later incorporated in Guatemala- was the one that gave Estrada Cabrera a potent venom that the latter used to get rid of his opponents.
Hope R. Stevens (Feb. 4, 1905 in Tortola – June 24, 1982 in Queens, New York) was a lawyer, political activist, businessman and civic activist.
 Born in Tortola in the British Virgin Islands and raised on Nevis, he was one of the founders of the Barbados Labour Party .
 Stevens moved to the United States in 1924 and graduated from City College of New York in 1933 and Brooklyn Law School in 1936.
 He was admitted to the New York bar in 1937.
 He was later based in Harlem, New York, and became the president of the Uptown Chamber of Commerce from 1960 to 1977.
Ascher Silberstein (18 September 1852 – 17 December 1909) was born in Austria on September 18, 1852.
 He came to the United States at the age of 15 and settled in Jefferson, Texas, later moving to Dallas and was engaged in the cattle business.
 He was associated, at different times, with Ellis Cockrell and J.B. Wilson.
 Early in 1909, he was one of the organizers of the Trinity National Bank, which merged with the City National Bank at the time of Silberstein's death.
 He built and was, for a number of years, president of the Dallas Oil and Refining Company.
 Silberstein was a quiet and unassuming man and a liberal contributor toward any worthy cause that was brought to his notice.
 When a meeting was held to raise funds for the flood sufferers in May 1907, he was one of the first to rise and say, "I will give a thousand dollars."
 Silberstein died suddenly on December 17, 1909.
 In his will, he bequeathed a very large amount of his estate to various charitable and educational institutions, including the Buckner Orphans Home, the Dallas City Hospital, and the Dallas Public Schools.
A pink Chanel suit was worn by Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy on November 22, 1963, when her husband, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas.
 Made of wool bouclé, the double-breasted, strawberry pink and navy trim collared suit was matched with a trademark matching pink pillbox hat and white gloves.
 After President Kennedy was assassinated, Jacqueline Kennedy insisted on wearing the suit, stained with his blood, during the swearing-in of Lyndon B. Johnson on Air Force One and for the flight back to Washington, D.C. with the President’s body.
The 1963 Togolese coup d'état was a military coup that occurred in the country of Togo on 13 January 1963.
 The coup leaders (notably Emmanuel Bodjolle, Étienne Eyadéma and Kléber Dadjo) took over government buildings, arrested most of the cabinet, and assassinated Togo's first President, Sylvanus Olympio outside the American embassy in Lomé.
 The coup leaders quickly brought Nicolas Grunitzky and Antoine Meatchi, both of whom were exiled political opponents of Olympio, together to form a new government.
 While the government of Ghana and its President Kwame Nkrumah were implicated in the coup and assassination of Olympio, full investigation was never completed and the international outcry eventually died down.
 The event was important as the first coup d'état in the French and British colonies of Africa that achieved independence in the 1950s and 1960s, and Olympio is remembered as one of the first heads of state to be assassinated during a military coup in Africa.
William Parkhurst Winans (January 28, 1836–1917) was crucial for the development of parts of Eastern Washington, particularly Stevens County, Walla Walla, and Fort Colville.
 He founded Farmer’s Savings Bank, and was the president until he died in 1917.
 He was also a member of the board of directors of First National Bank.
 In addition to his involvement with the bank system, Winans was a clerk in several locations throughout the region, and so is personally responsible for the majority of the records of the Colville Indians and others in the region, as well as the records of the financial dealings in the late 19th century and the early 20th century.
 Winans played an important role in keeping records of Indians because he was named Industrial Instructor for Indians in 1869 and Superintendent of Indian Affairs in 1870.
 In addition to those offices, Winans took multiple censuses of Indian populations, including the Okanagans, Calispels, San Poils, Nespelems, Senijexsees, Wenatchees, Isle d'Pierres, Mishouies, Spokanes, and the Swielpees.
 He was a historian himself, and wrote several histories of the region, including a book, Stevens County, Washington, its creation, addition, subtraction and division.
 Several of his works were given to institutions such as Harvard University and Washington State University.
 Eastern Washington, particularly Stevens County and Walla Walla, would not be the same if William Parkhurst Winans had not been there with his business and record-keeping skills.
 As the Old Walla Walla County, Washington records, “No history of Walla Walla would be complete without extended reference to William Parkhurst Winans, who was an octogenarian at the time of his demise.
 He had long been identified with the northwest, and his life was one of great usefulness and activity.”
 By the end of his life, Winans was an essential part of the Walla Walla community due to his hard work and involvement in the fields of business, education, Indian affairs, and the church.
The 2008 United States Senate election in Alaska was held on November 4, 2008.
 Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator and former President pro tempore Ted Stevens ran for re-election to a seventh term in the United States Senate.
 It was one of the ten Senate races that U.S. Senator John Ensign of Nevada, the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, predicted as being most competitive.
 The primaries were held on Tuesday, August 26.
 Ted Stevens was challenged by Democratic candidate Mark Begich, the mayor of Anchorage.
