Otis Bernard Gilkey (born September 24, 1966 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) player for the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Mets, Arizona Diamondbacks, Boston Red Sox, and Atlanta Braves.
 Primarily a left fielder, Gilkey occasionally played right field as well.
 He also played a small number of games as a center fielder, first baseman, and designated hitter.
 Gilkey was a right-handed batter.
Old North St. Louis is a neighborhood just north and slightly west of the downtown area of St. Louis, Missouri.
 Known for the landmark Crown Candy Kitchen, historic 19th century brick homes, and its award-winning community gardens, the neighborhood now known as Old North St. Louis was established as the independent village of North St. Louis in 1816 and was annexed by the City of St. Louis in 1841.
 After many generations as a very densely populated neighborhood, Old North St. Louis experienced several decades of population losses and deterioration of the community's housing stock.
 Over the past several years, however, the community has started to experience a dramatic revitalization led by the community-based Old North St. Louis Restoration Group, a non-profit organization.
 ONSLRG pursues a mission of revitalizing the physical and social dimensions of the Old North St. Louis neighborhood in a manner that respects the neighborhood's historic, cultural and urban character.
James M. Carrington (April 17, 1904 – January 28, 1995) was a photographer and Democratic politician who served in the Missouri House of Representatives.
 Born in St. Louis, Missouri, he was first elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in 1972.
 In 1925, he graduated from Howard University with a degree in electrical engineering.
 Carrington was the first African-American photographer for the "St. Louis Globe-Democrat" and the first African-American to represent St. Louis County in the Missouri House of Representatives.
Streetcars in St. Louis, Missouri operated as part of the transportation network of St. Louis from the middle of the 19th century through the early 1960s.
 During the first forty years of the streetcar in the city, a variety of private companies operated several dozen lines; from the start of the 20th century, most of these companies consolidated into the St. Louis Public Service Company, which served both the city of St. Louis and neighboring St. Louis County, Missouri.
 Other private companies, such as those serving the Metro East region or St. Charles, Missouri, continued separate operations.
 Starting in the 1930s and continuing through the 1960s, St. Louis Public Service ended all streetcar service, while other regional operators also ended their services.
William Butts Ittner (September 4, 1864 – 1936) was an architect in St. Louis, Missouri.
 He designed many school buildings in Missouri and other areas, was president of the St. Louis Chapter of the American Institute of Architects from 1893–95, was awarded an honorary degree by the University of Missouri in 1930, served as president of the Architectural League of America during 1903–04, and at the time of his death was president of the St. Louis Plaza Commission, a fellow and life member of the American Institute of Architects, and a thirty-third degree Mason.
 He was described as the most influential man in school architecture in the United States and has a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame.
 He was appointed St. Louis School Board commissioner in 1897 and is said to have designed open buildings that featured "natural lighting, inviting exteriors, and classrooms tailored to specific needs."
Bertha Gilkey (née Knox; March 18, 1949 – May 25, 2014) was an African-American activist of tenant management of public housing properties.
 She set up the first tenant management association in St. Louis, Missouri, which successfully rehabilitated the once decrepit Cochran Gardens public housing project, and managed it for more than 20 years.
T.R. Carr was the mayor of the city of Hazelwood, Missouri in northern St. Louis County, Missouri, from April 2000 until April 2009.
 He is Professor of Public Administration at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE) and Senior Research Fellow at the Institute for Urban Research at SIUE.
 Carr represents SIUE on the State University Retirement System Member Advisory Board.
 He is board member and Treasurer of the St. Louis - Samara (Russia) Sister City Committee.
 Carr is a member of the Board of North County, Inc., an economic development organization in St. Louis County.
 He is a Commissioner on the St. Louis County Boundary Commission that reviews all municipal annexation plans within St. Louis County.
 He is a Board Member for the Northwest Chamber of Commerce in St. Louis County.
 Carr served on the Executive Board of the St. Louis County Municipal League and as League President 2007-2008.
 Carr served as Chairman of the Standing Committee on Policy and Resolutions of the Missouri Municipal League 2004 to 2009.
 He served on the St. Louis County Fire Standards Commission 2005 - 2009.
 He served on the East-West Gateway Council of Governments Board 2007-2009.
 Carr served as a member, then as Chairman of the Community Advisory Board for SSM Hospital 2000-2009.
 He has served as Department Chair of Public Administration and Policy Analysis and as Director of the Master of Public Administration Program at SIUE.
 He maintained these academic positions before, during, and after, his tenure as mayor.
The St. Louis, Missouri metropolitan area has a history of tornadoes.
 The third-deadliest, and the costliest in United States history, the 1896 St. Louis – East St. Louis tornado, injured more than one thousand people and caused at least 255 fatalities in the City of St. Louis and in East St. Louis.
 The second-costliest tornado also occurred in St. Louis in September 1927.
 More tornado fatalities occurred in St. Louis than any other city in the United States.
 Also noteworthy is that destructive tornadoes occurred in winter and autumn, as well as the typical months of spring.
 Additionally, damaging tornadoes occurred in the morning and late at night, as well as the more common late-afternoon to early-evening maximum period.
The 1927 St. Louis – East St. Louis tornado was a powerful and devastating tornado that struck St. Louis, Missouri on September 29, 1927, at 1:00pm.
 The tornado is estimated to be at least a F3 or F4 on the Fujita scale.
 The 2nd deadliest tornado to occur in the St. Louis metropolitan area, it caused at minimum 72–79 deaths and injured more than 550 people all within a seven-to-twelve-mile long, 100–600 yard wide path.
 At one time it was the 2nd costliest tornado in US history.
 More than 200 city blocks were destroyed.
 It is one of four tornadoes (1871, 1896, 1927, 1959) that have torn through downtown St. Louis.
Pierre Luis Vasquez (October 3, 1798 – September 5, 1868) was a mountain man and trader.
 He was born and raised at St. Louis, Missouri.
 Pierre Luis Vasquez was the son of Benito Vasquez and Marie-Julie Papin (daughter of Pierre Papin & Catherine Guichard.
 Benito was born in Galicia, Spain in 1738 son of Francisco Vasquez and Marie de La Ponte.
 Many historians write that Pierre Luis was a Mexican-American but he was of French and Spanish (European) descent.
 In 1823, he became a fur man, receiving his first license to trade with the Pawnee.
 By the early 1830s he had shifted his operations to the mountains, a popular and active mountain man and trader.
 Pierre Luis was nicknamed "Old Vaskiss" by other Mountain men.
 Vasquez became a partner of Andrew Sublette, perhaps in 1834, returned to St. Louis in 1835, and went back to trade on the South Platte that winter and built Fort Vasquez that year after obtaining a trading license in St. Louis, Missouri, from William Clark, the Superintendent of Indian Affairs.
 He traveled back and forth between the mountains and St. Louis almost yearly, his reputation growing.
 Unable to turn a profit, they sold Fort Vasquez to Lock and Randolph in 1840 who subsequently went bankrupt and abandoned the structures in 1842.
 Due to the bankruptcy, Luis Vasquez and Andrew Sublette could not collect the sum owed to them for the sale.
 Vasquez then became associated with Jim Bridger.
 By 1843 they had built Fort Bridger on Blacks Fork of the Green River, which became as much an emigrant station as trading post.
 At St. Louis in 1846 Vasquez married a widow, Mrs. Narcissa Land Ashcraft and took his new family, her son and daughter, to Fort Bridger in Wyoming.
 Vasquez opened a store at Salt Lake City in 1855.
 He and Bridger sold their fort in 1858, but Vasquez already had retired to Missouri.
 He died at his Westport home, and was buried at St. Mary's Church cemetery.
