Palmeira (Cape Verde Creole: "Palméra") is a village in the northwestern part of the island of Sal, Cape Verde.
 Its 2010 population was 1,420, doubled in more than a decade from around 700 and is also the island's third most populated place.
 The village is situated on the west coast, about 4 km west of the island capital Espargos.
 Located at Baía de Palmeira, a small bay south of the village, it is home to the main port of the island of Sal which serves ferry services with the islands of São Nicolau and Boa Vista which connects to further islands of São Vicente and Santiago, the port is being the third busiest in freight traffic, especially fish from the waters surrounding the island and outside and goods and foodstuff supplied to the island.
Salamansa is a village in the northeastern part of the island of Sao Vicente, Cape Verde.
 It is situated on the north coast, approximately 5 km northeast of the island capital Mindelo and about 10 km via the EN2-SV02.
 It is situated by Baía da Salamansa (Salamansa Bay) in which the village is named after along with its nearest point and the beach.
 It is linked by a small road 1 km in length connecting the Mindelo-Baía das Gatas Road, it is on the northwesternmost part.
 Its 2010 population was 1,179 which made it the second most populated place on the island, Ribeira Julião's growth may had put Salamansa the third most populated place.
 Fishing remains to be the main industry in the village.
Calabaceira is a village in the southern part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde.
 Its 2010 population was 366.
 It is located 2 km north of Cidade Velha and 11 km northwest of the capital Praia.
It is situated in a volcanic plateau dominating most of the southernmost part of the island and being the flattest portion of the island, though filled with deep ravines.
 A kilometer northwest is the village of Salineiro, only a dirt road links it.
 Also it is located southwest of João Varela and west of São Martinho Grande.
Ribeira Julião, commonly as Ribeira de Julião (Cape Verdean Creole of São Vicente: "Rbera Jilion") is a village located in the central part of the island of Sao Vicente, Cape Verde.
 Its 2010 population was 611 for the village, its estimate may be between 3,000 to 4,000 as of 2015 with recent housing and building developments occurring.
 It is situated in the hills southeast of the island capital Mindelo, approximately 6 km southeast of the city centre and is connected with the road linking Mindelo and Calhau along with the east of the island and an unpaved road to Monte Verde and the north of the island and is named after its nearby stream Ribeira de Julião.
 The growing population not made it a part of the Mindelo Urban Area but with other parts of the island growing developing to be a village of the São Vicente Metro Area.
East End is an administrative subdistrict of the island of Saint Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands.
 The largest community here is Red Hook, while smaller communities include Benner, Nazareth, Nadir, Frydendal, and Smith Bay.
 Some of the offshore islands here include Great Saint James Island, Little Saint James Island, Bovoni Cay, Patricia Cay, Cas Cay, Rotto Cay, Thatch Cay, Shark Island, and Dog Island.
 The East End subdistrict received 731 new residents between the 2000 U.S. Census and the 2010 U.S. Census, and has a 2010 population of 6,658.
 The East End region offers a more secluded character and less population density than subdistricts as Charlotte Amalie, Southside, and the Tutu subdistricts.
 This subdistrict is home to numerous of the islands’ largest resorts, in addition to many shopping areas and entertainment venues, as well as the Coral World Marine Park & Underwater Observatory in Coki Point, which is the most popular tourist attraction on Saint Thomas.
 East End is located about 7.4 miles east of the territorial capital of Charlotte Amalie, which is an approximately thirty-minute drive on the windy, small and narrow Saint Thomas roads.
 There are buses and taxis leaving from the East End.
 A typical fare for a taxi drive to the capital costs $20.
 The hotels on Saint Thomas are evenly divided between the two subdistricts of Charlotte Amalie, and the more expensive resort-style hotels by their own beachside in East End.
 The East End resorts are therefore generally more expensive than those found elsewhere on the island.
 Some of the famous beaches found here are Lindquist- and Sapphire Beaches, while others include Pineapple Beach (Renaissance Beach) and Vessup Beach amongst others.
Chã das Pedras, also known as Chã de Pedras is a settlement in the southcentral part of the island of Santo Antão, Cape Verde.
 Its 2010 population was 1,266.
 It is situated about 15 km northwest of the island capital Porto Novo and sits on the island's mountain range.
 Its elevation is about 445 meters at the center.
 The volcanic plateau of Chã das Pedras is located in the upper part of the stream to the south, it is also a stream and contains its valley, the village area includes about 4 to 5 km of the stream, half of the length, its length is over 9 km long and empties into Ribeira Grande.
 The village center is Pia de Cima, it also includes Pia de Baixo.
 The area includes the upper portion of the stream, it source lies in the village area of Lagoinha at the elevation of 1250 meters, the other stream source located slightly west is at the elevation of about 1400 meters, the tributary's elevation is about 120 meters.
 Nearby places includes Boca de João Afonso to the north João Afonso (with the seat Caibros na Penedo or Caibros de João Afonso) to the east, Lagoinha to the south and Ribeirão to the northwest.
Fragata is a settlement in the western part of the island of São Nicolau, Cape Verde.
 Its 2010 population was 100.
 It is situated 5 km north of Tarrafal de São Nicolau.
 It is one of three settlements inside the central mountain range in the municipality.
 The village is connected with a dirt road that connects to the island's main road (EN1-ST01) over 1 km east.
 Nearby places includes Cachaço to the north, Cabeçalinho to the east, Tarrafal de São Nicolau and Hortelã to the west whose boundary is 100 meters immediately to the west Northwest is the island's summit Monte Gordo, adjacent to the village center to the north is the boundary with Monte Gordo Natural Park, the municipal boundary with Ribeira Brava is further north along with the village of Cachaço.
Lombard is a village in DuPage County, Illinois, United States, and a suburb of Chicago.
 The population was 42,322 at the 2000 census.
 The United States Census Bureau estimated the population in 2004 to be 42,975.
 The village's challenge to the Census Bureau regarding its official 2010 population was accepted, revising the official population of the village from 43,165 to 43,395.
São Pedro is a village in the southwestern part of the island of Sao Vicente, Cape Verde.
 It is situated on the coast, approximately 10 km southwest of the island capital Mindelo.
 Cesária Évora Airport is situated near the center of São Pedro and its terminal is located nearly 2 km north on the road to Mindelo (Rua do Morguinho).
 Its 2010 population was 991.
 Its estimate population as of 2016 has reached over 1,000.
Ocean County is a county located along the Jersey Shore in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
 Its county seat is Toms River.
 Since 1990, Ocean County has been one of New Jersey's fastest-growing counties.
 As of the 2016 Census estimate, the county's population was 592,497, a 2.8% increase from the 576,567 enumerated in the 2010 United States Census, making Ocean the state's sixth-most populous county.
 The 2010 population figure represented an increase of 65,651 (+12.8%) from the 2000 Census population of 510,916, as Ocean surpassed Union County to become the sixth-most populous county in the state.
 Ocean County was also the fastest growing county in New Jersey between 2000 and 2010 in terms of increase in the number of residents and second-highest in percentage growth.
 Ocean County was established on February 15, 1850, from portions of Monmouth County, with the addition of Little Egg Harbor Township which was annexed from Burlington County on March 30, 1891.
 The most populous place was Lakewood Township, with 92,843 residents at the time of the 2010 Census (up 32,491 since 2000, the largest population increase of any municipality in the state), while Jackson Township, covered 100.62 sqmi , the largest total area of any municipality in the county.
