Cuban Overture is a symphonic overture or tone poem for orchestra composed by American composer George Gershwin.
 Originally titled "Rumba", it was a result of a two-week holiday which Gershwin took in Havana, Cuba in February 1932.
 Gershwin composed the piece in July and August 1932.
Oscar Peterson Plays the George Gershwin Songbook is a 1959 album by pianist Oscar Peterson of compositions written by George Gershwin.
 Peterson had recorded many of the pieces for his 1952 album "Oscar Peterson Plays George Gershwin".
Blond Eckbert is an opera by Scottish composer Judith Weir.
 The composer wrote the English-language libretto herself, basing it on the cryptic supernatural short story "Der blonde Eckbert" by the German Romantic writer Ludwig Tieck.
 Weir completed the original two act version of the opera in 1993, making "Blond Eckbert" her third full-length work in the genre.
 Like its predecessors, it was received well by the critics.
 She later produced a one act "pocket" version of the work.
 This uses chamber forces rather than the full orchestra of the two act version and omits the chorus.
 The pocket version receives frequent performances, especially in Germany and Austria, while the full version is available in a recording featuring the original cast.
Rohan Kriwaczek is a British writer, composer and violinist of part-Austrian descent.
 He studied under Peter Maxwell Davies, Oliver Knussen and Judith Weir, and is a prolific creator of classical works, scores for theatre, TV, and radio, he has become best known as "England's foremost authority on the history and practice of Funerary Violin", a musical art form he invented, complete with a history and composers dating back several centuries.
 He is the author of the 2006 book "An Incomplete History of the Art of Funerary Violin" that purports to document this musical genre and contains numerous musical examples in score.
Jamie Brown (born 1980) is a British classical composer who studied with Judith Weir in London.
 He is also a professional linguist and has previously lived in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
 Musically, he is predominantly interested in vocal music, particularly for the stage, and influences range from Judith Weir and Benjamin Britten to Björk, Sigur Rós and folk music from around the world.
A Night at the Chinese Opera is an opera in three acts by Judith Weir, who also wrote the libretto.
 Aside from an earlier opera for children, this was Weir's first full-scale opera, written on commission from the BBC for performance by Kent Opera.
 Weir incorporated an early Chinese play of the Yuan dynasty, "The Orphan of Zhao", as the centrepiece of Act 2 of her opera.
Oscar Peterson Plays George Gershwin is a 1952 album by pianist Oscar Peterson of popular songs written by George Gershwin and Ira Gershwin.
 Several tracks were included on the 1959 album "Oscar Peterson Plays the George Gershwin Songbook".
Armida is an opera by British composer Judith Weir.
 It premiered on 25 December 2005 as a television broadcast on the UK station, Channel 4 which had commissioned the work.
 The English libretto, also written by Weir, is loosely based on the story of Rinaldo and Armida, in Torquato Tasso's 1581 epic poem set in the First Crusade, "La Gerusalemme liberata" ("Jerusalem Delivered").
Hershey Felder (born July 9, 1968) is a Canadian pianist, actor, playwright, composer, producer, and director.
 He created (as playwright, actor, and pianist) the role of American composer George Gershwin for the theatrical stage in the play "George Gershwin Alone", which was followed by the creation of the roles of Fryderyk Chopin, the Polish composer-pianist; Ludwig van Beethoven and Gerhard von Breuning in "Beethoven"; Leonard Bernstein in "Maestro Bernstein"; Franz Liszt in "Musik"; Irving Berlin in "Hershey Felder as Irving Berlin"; and Piotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in "Our Great Tchaikovsky".
 "The Composer Sonata" comprises these works.
The Vanishing Bridegroom is an opera by composer Judith Weir.
 Commissioned by the Glasgow District Council, the opera was premiered by the Scottish Opera as a part of the 1990 European Capital of Culture celebrations in Glasgow.
 The United States premiere of the opera was given by the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis in 1992 with soprano Lauren Flanigan as the Bride/Wife/Mother.
