Richard Johnston, born (26-02-1980) in Neath, Wales, first started his career at Neath RFC in 1998 where he gained representative honours for Wales under 18/19's.
 In 2000 Richard signed for Pontypridd RFC where he spent three years.
 In his time at Ponty, Richard was selected for Wales U21's and Wales 7's and was involved in the squad that won the Welsh Cup in 2002 and narrowly lost to Sale in the Parker Pen European Shield Final.
 After regional rugby was formed he returned to Neath RFC winning the league twice and Welsh Cup in a three-year stint.
 Richard then changed codes, signing for Crusader RL and won 4 caps for Wales.
 He also played on the 7's circuit playing for Samurai 7's, White Hart Marauders, Crusaders and Scorpions.
 In 2007 Richard left rugby to pursue a career outside sport but continues to play on the 7's circuit and now vets competitions.
The 2011 Welsh Cup Final was the final of the 125th season of the main domestic football cup competition in Wales, the Welsh Cup.
 The final was played at Parc y Scarlets in Llanelli on 8 May 2011 and marked the third time the final has been staged at the stadium.
 The match was contested by Bangor City, who beat Gap Connah's Quay 1-0 in their semi-final, and Llanelli who beat The New Saints 1-0 in their semi-final.
The 1979–80 Welsh Cup was the final of the 93rd season of the main domestic football cup competition in Wales, the Welsh Cup.
The Welsh League Cup (also known as the League of Wales Cup, Welsh Premier League Cup or The Word Cup) is a cup competition in Welsh football organised by the Welsh Premier League.
 The competition was established in 1992 and is considered to be the second-most important domestic cup competition for Welsh football clubs, after the older and more prestigious Welsh Cup.
 Unlike the Welsh Cup, where 135 teams entered in 2008–09, the competition is only open to the members of the Welsh Premier League and a very select few other clubs.
 It should not be confused with the Welsh Football League Cup, which is for the clubs in the Welsh Football League, which despite its name only covers the south and centre of Wales.
The 1980 Welsh Cup Final was the final of the 93rd season of the main domestic football cup competition in Wales, the Welsh Cup.
 The final was contested between Newport County and Shrewsbury Town over two legs.
 Newport County won 5–1 on aggregate, winning both legs.
The 1889 Welsh Cup Final, the 12th in the competition, was contested by Bangor and Northwich Victoria at the Racecourse Ground.
 Bangor, in their first Welsh Cup final, won 2–1 in a match that would mark the first time these two teams, future founders and rivals of the Northern Premier League and Alliance Premier League would meet in a major final.
 The most recent was the 1984 FA Trophy Final.
The 2000 Welsh Cup Final saw Bangor City win the Welsh Cup after beating Cwmbran Town 1–0 at Racecourse Ground in the 113th Welsh Cup Final.
The 1991 Welsh Cup Final saw Swansea City win the Welsh Cup for the tenth time, by beating Wrexham 2–0 at National Stadium in the 104th Welsh Cup Final.
The 2010 Welsh Cup Final was the final of the 124th season of the main domestic football cup competition in Wales, the Welsh Cup.
 The final was played at Parc y Scarlets in Llanelli on 1 May 2010 and marked the second time the final has been staged at the stadium.
 The match was contested by Port Talbot Town, who beat Bala Town 1–0 in their semi-final, and Bangor City who beat Prestatyn Town 2–0 in their semi-final.
The Football Association of Wales Challenge Cup, commonly known as the Welsh Cup, is a knockout cup competition in Welsh football, organised by the Football Association of Wales (the FAW).
 It is the third-oldest association football competition in the world, behind only its English and Scottish equivalents, having began in 1877.
 The tournament is open to any men's football team in Wales; however, the club's ground must meet certain requirements laid out by the FAW prior to entering.
 The six Welsh clubs playing within the English football league system – Cardiff City, Colwyn Bay, Merthyr Town, Newport County, Swansea City and Wrexham – have been excluded from entering the tournament since 1995 following the creation of the League of Wales, when UEFA decreed that the winner of the competition could not compete in the European Cup Winners' Cup unless the six sides were barred from entering.
 During its history, the competition has allowed some English clubs close to Wales to enter the tournament and has been won on 21 occasions by teams based outside Wales' borders.
