The Historisch Museum Den Briel (English: "Brielle Historical Museum") is a Dutch museum located in Brielle.
 The museum was previously known as the Trompmuseum, after Brielle-born Maarten Tromp who defeated the Spanish fleet in the Eighty Years' War.
The Van Gogh Museum (] ) is an art museum dedicated to the works of Vincent van Gogh and his contemporaries in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
 It is located at the Museum Square in the borough Amsterdam South, close to the Stedelijk Museum, the Rijksmuseum, and the Concertgebouw.
Museum van Bommel van Dam is a Dutch museum of modern art in Venlo in the southeast Netherlands.
 The museum belongs to the German/Dutch cooperation Crossart, a partnership between 7 German museums in Westfalen and 4 Dutch museums in Gelderland and Limburg.
 Exhibitions are held of paintings or drawings, sculpture or photography.
The Museumplein (] ; English: Museum Square ) is a public space in the Museumkwartier neighbourhood of the Amsterdam-Zuid borough in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
 Located at the Museumplein are three major museums – the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, and Stedelijk Museum – and the concert hall Concertgebouw.
Official Museums of Amsterdam (OAM) is a consulting association of museums in Amsterdam.
 The organisation has existed since the eighties but it was formally founded in 1994.
 The organization contains both private and public museums, all of which are registered as members of De Museumvereniging, the Dutch Museum Association.
The Museonder is a Dutch museum in the De Hoge Veluwe National Park The museum focuses on the geology and biology of the Veluwe and calls itself the world's first fully underground museum.
 The name "Museonder" is a portmanteau of the Dutch words for "museum" and "under", respectively "museum" and "onder".
The Nederlands Stripmuseum (] ; Netherlands Comic Strip Museum) is a museum dedicated to Dutch language comic strips, with emphasis on native comic creations, and located in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands.
 Over a decade in the making, the museum was opened on 21 April 2004 by city mayor Jacques Wallage, with expected visitor numbers in the 40.000 to 100.000 range annually.
 At the opening, attended by many alumni from the Dutch comic scene, then museum chairman Bert Brink declared that it was justified that the museum was housed in Groningen, as the Dutch comic culture had its origins in the city.
 Around 1850 the comic "Monsieur Cryptogame" from Rodolphe Töpffer was translated into Dutch as "Mijnheer Prikkebeen" by city native, poet and novelist J.J.A. Goeverneur.
 The translation was also published in Groningen.
 The museum had 19,790 visitors in 2015.
The Rijksmuseum (] ; English: National Museum ) is a Dutch national museum dedicated to arts and history in Amsterdam.
 The museum is located at the Museum Square in the borough Amsterdam South, close to the Van Gogh Museum, the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, and the Concertgebouw.
The Stedelijk Museum 's-Hertogenbosch (SM's) is a museum for modern art in 's-Hertogenbosch, The Netherlands.
 It focusses on contemporary visual arts and design, and is specialised in ceramics and jewelry.
 The museum is a member of the International Council of Museums and the Dutch Museum Organisation (Nederlandse Museumvereniging).
Adirondack Experience (formerly Adirondack Museum), located on NY-30 in the hamlet of Blue Mountain Lake in Hamilton County, New York, is a museum dedicated to preserving the history of the Adirondacks.
 The museum is located on the site of an historic summer resort hotel, the Blue Mountain House, built high above Blue Mountain Lake in 1876 by Miles Tyler Merwin, that operated until the late 1940s.
 The museum consists of 24 buildings, 121 acres, and 60,000 square feet of exhibition space.
 The opening of a brand new 19,000 square foot exhibition, "Life in the Adirondacks," is scheduled for July 2017.
