Fezara is an ethnic group of Sudan, who emigrated from Arabia to Egypt, and then to Sudan.
 The number of persons in this ethnic group is about 200,000.
 Most members of this ethnic group are Muslims.
 This ethnic group speaks Sudanese Arabic.
The Dumpas are an indigenous ethnic group residing in Sabah, eastern Malaysia on the island of Borneo.
 They reside in the kampung Rancangan Nangoh village and Perancangan village in Labuk-Sugut District of Kudat Division.
 Their population was estimated at 1,078 in the year 2000.
 Their language (ISO 639-3 dmv) belongs to the Paitanic branch of the Austronesian language family.
 The language dying out as a result of intermarriage with other groups, and since native speakers also use Tambanuo in their daily conversation.
The Konkomba people are a Gur ethnic group residing mainly in the Northern, Brong Ahafo, Volta, Eastern and Greater Accra Regions of Ghana.
 Saboba, Chereponi and Nanumba Districts, Gushiegu and Karaga districts, Zabzugu and Tatale-Sanguli districts in the Northern Region and the Nkwanta North and South Districts in the Volta Region are a few examples of administrative districts where Bikpakpaam are seen in huge populations.
 Other key towns of Bikpakpaam in Ghana are Atebubu, Kintampo, Techiman and Yeji in the Brong Ahafo Region.
 According to the Act 280 of the Anatomy act of Ghana, the Konkomba people (known as Bikpakpaam) are the second largest ethnic group in the Northern Region of Ghana.
 The 2010 census data indicates that Bikpakpaam in Ghana number 823,000 and applying the intercensal growth rate would give a population of more than one million now.
 CIA The World Factbook reports in Demographics of Ghana that Konkomba people are the 8th largest Ethnic group in Ghana representing 3.5% of the Total population of Ghana.
 Saboba (Chabob) in the Northern Region of Ghana is the capital town of all Bikpakpaam in Ghana.
 Bikpakpaam are also found in the republic of Togo, a sister West African country to Ghana.
 In Togo Bikpakpaam reside mainly in the Kara, Central and Plateaux Regions.
 Guerin Kouka (a.k.a. Nanguem Do, the capital of Dankpen district) in the Kara Region is the capital town of Bikpakpaam in Togo.
 Dankpen district is located in the north western corridor of Togo.
 In Schwartz's (2005) account, Bikpakpaam number about 50,100 in Togo.
 The 2011 census in Togo indicates however that the total population of Bikpakpaam in Dankpen district alone was 122,209.
 Visit Konkomba language for more information.
 Konkomba people speak Konkomba language a.k.a Likpakpaln.
 The traditional dance of Konkomba people is Kinachunŋ (pronounced k-i-naa-chung).
 All Konkomba settlements are led by a traditional chief called Ubor.
 In Bikpakpaam dominant areas, the people have instituted or established their own chieftains who serve as overlords of the settlements.
 For instance, the Saboba area has the Uchabob-bor as the overlord.
 Bikpakpaam strongly believe in solidarity, determination and hard-work.
 Until the turn of the 21st century, their primary occupation was farming and animal husbandry.
 In occupational terms, Bikpakpaam are mainly subsistence farmers and rearers of animals such as poultry, small ruminants and cattle.
 This, probably, explains their scattered settlement across the West African sub-region.
 Indeed, Maasole intimates that Bikpakpaam have always been on the move, in search for fertile farmlands.
 Most Konkombas are actively in education today and a recent research projects that Konkombas will become a dominant force in politics, health, education and the civil society by 2025.
Azerbaijanis ( ) or Azeris (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycanlılar" آذربایجانلیلار, "Azərilər" آذریلر), also known as Azerbaijani Turks (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycan türkləri" آذربایجان تورکلری), are a Turkic ethnic group living mainly in Iranian Azerbaijan and the independent Republic of Azerbaijan.
 They are the second-most numerous ethnic group among the Turkic peoples after Anatolian Turks.
 They are predominantly Shi'i Muslims, and have a mixed cultural heritage, including Turkic, Iranian, and Caucasian elements.
 They comprise the largest ethnic group in Republic of Azerbaijan and by far the second-largest ethnic group in neighboring Iran.
 The world's largest number of ethnic Azerbaijanis live in Iran, followed by Azerbaijan.
The Oku people, also commonly known as Oku Mohammedans or "Aku Mohammedans"in Sierra Leone and as the "Aku Marabou" or "Oku Marabou" in the Gambia, are an ethnic group in Sierra Leone and the Gambia.
 The Oku people are the descendants of liberated Africans of Yoruba descent from Southwest Nigeria who were liberated or came to Sierra Leone as settlers in the mid 19th century and formed a distinctive ethnic group The Oku are virtually all Muslims and are known for their conservative muslim population.
 The British colonial government provided official recognition to the Oku Mohammedan community as a distinctive community in Sierra Leone.
 Although the Sierra Leone government officially considered the Oku people as members of the Creole ethnic group, many Sierra Leoneans consider the Oku people as a distinctive ethnic group.
The Antandroy (or Tandroy) are a traditionally nomadic ethnic group of Madagascar inhabiting the arid southern part of the island called Androy.
 Tracing their origins back to the Sakalava people, in the 17th century the Antandroy emerged as a confederation of two groups ruled by the Zafimanara dynasty until flooding caused the kingdom to disband around 1790.
 The difficult terrain and climate of Tandroy protected and isolated the population, sparing them from subjugation by the Kingdom of Imerina in the 19th century; later, the French colonial authority also struggled to exert its influence over this population.
 Since independence the Antandroy have suffered prejudice and economic marginalization, prompting widespread migration and intermarriage with other ethnic groups, and leading them to play a key role in protests that sparked the end of President Philibert Tsiranana's administration in 1972.
The Ewe people (Ewe: "Eʋeawó" , lit.
 "Ewe people"; or " Eʋedukɔ́ ", lit.
 "Ewe nation","Eʋenyigba" Eweland;) are an African ethnic group.
 They are the largest ethnic group in Togo (32%), the third largest ethnic group in Ghana (14%), and are a minority ethnic group in southern Benin, Ivory Coast and Nigeria.
 They speak the Ewe language (Ewe: "Eʋegbe" ) which belongs to the Niger-Congo family of languages.
 They are related to other speakers of Gbe languages, such as, the Fon, Gen, Phla Phera, and the Aja people of Togo and Benin.
The Bubi people (also known as Voove, Pove, Bobes, Boobes, Boobees, Boobies, Boubies, Adeeyahs, Adeejahs, Adijas, Ediyas, Eris, Fernando Poans, Fernandians and Bantu-speaking Bubi) are a Bantu ethnic group of Central Africa who are indigenous to Bioko Island, Equatorial Guinea.
 Once the majority group in the region, the population experienced a sharp decline due to disease and outright killing sprees during Portuguese expeditions.
 By the end of Spanish colonial rule in the mid 20th century, and after substantial intermarriage with newly introduced populations, such as Afro-Cubans, Krio people, Portuguese people and Spaniards, the Bubi people, again, experienced a great decline in number.
 Seventy-five percent perished due to tribal/clan rooted political genocide during a civil war that led to Spanish Guinea's independence from Spain.
 This, too, sparked mass exodus from their homeland with most of the exiles and refugees immigrating into Spain.
 The indigenous Bubi of Bioko Island have since been outnumbered—first by non-indigenous Krio Fernandinos; and then by members of the Fang ethnic group, who have immigrated in large numbers from Río Muni.
 Once numbering over 3 million, the Bubi currently number less than 100,000 worldwide.
Several ethnic groups of the People's Republic of China are not officially recognized.
 Taken together, these groups (未识别民族 "wèi shíbié mínzú)" number more than 730,000 people; if considered as a single group, they would constitute the twentieth most populous ethnic group of China.
 Some scholars have estimated that there are over 200 distinct ethnic groups that inhabit China.
 There are in addition small distinct ethnic groups that have been classified as part of larger ethnic groups that are officially recognized.
 Some groups like the Hui of Xinjiang with the Hui of Fujian are geographically and culturally separate except for the shared belief of Islam.
 Han Chinese being the world's largest ethnic group has a large diversity within it, such as in Gansu, the Han here may have genetic traits from the assimilated Tangut civilization.
 Although they are indigenous to Hainan island and do not speak a Chinese language, the Limgao (Ong-Be) people near the capital (8% of the population) are counted as Han Chinese.
Turkish people (Turkish: "Türk ulusu" ), or the Turks (Turkish: "Türkler" ), also known as Anatolian Turks (Turkish: "Anadolu Türkleri" ), are a Turkic ethnic group and nation living mainly in Turkey and speaking Turkish, the most widely spoken Turkic language.
 They are the largest ethnic group in Turkey, as well as by far the largest ethnic group among the speakers of Turkic languages.
 Ethnic Turkish minorities exist in the former lands of the Ottoman Empire.
 In addition, a Turkish diaspora has been established with modern migration, particularly in Western Europe.
