Carlos Eduardo González (born October 17, 1985) (nicknamed CarGo) is a Venezuelan professional baseball right fielder for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball.
 A three-time All-Star, González is a former National League batting champion.
 He has also won two Silver Slugger Awards and is a three-time Gold Glove Award winner.
 While mainly a left fielder throughout his career, Gonzalez became the Rockies starting right fielder in 2015.
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez (born July 27, 1975), nicknamed "A-Rod", is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman.
 He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners, Texas Rangers, and New York Yankees.
 Rodriguez was one of the sport's most highly touted prospects and is considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time.
 Rodriguez amassed a .297 batting average, 696 home runs, over 2,000 runs batted in (RBI), over 2,000 runs scored, and over 3,000 hits.
 He is a 14-time All-Star and won three American League (AL) Most Valuable Player (MVP) Awards, ten Silver Slugger Awards, and two Gold Glove Awards.
 Rodríguez is the career record holder for grand slams with 25.
 However, he led a highly controversial career due to signing two of the most lucrative sports contracts in history while incurring criticism from the media for his behavior and use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs.
Mark Charles Teixeira ( ; born April 11, 1980) is an American former professional baseball first baseman.
 He played 14 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Texas Rangers, Atlanta Braves, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and New York Yankees.
 Before his professional career, he played college baseball at Georgia Tech, where in 2001 he won the Dick Howser Trophy as the national collegiate baseball player of the year.
 One of the most prolific switch hitters in MLB history, Teixeira was an integral part of the Yankees' 27th World Series championship in 2009, leading the American League (AL) in home runs and runs batted in (RBI) while finishing second in the Most Valuable Player Award (MVP) balloting.
 Teixeira was a three-time All-Star, won five Gold Glove Awards and three Silver Slugger Awards, and also holds the all-time major league record for most games with a home run from both sides of the plate, with 14.
 He was the fifth switch hitter in MLB history to reach 400 home runs.
Matthew Thomas Holliday (born January 15, 1980) is an American professional baseball designated hitter for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He previously played left field for the Colorado Rockies, Oakland Athletics, and St. Louis Cardinals.
 A World Series champion in 2011 with the Cardinals, Holliday, through prodigious hitting contributions, has played a key role in seven postseasons, including the Rockies' first-ever World Series appearance in 2007 and Cardinals' playoff success of the 2010s.
 His distinctions include a National League (NL) batting championship, the 2007 NL Championship Series Most Valuable Player Award (NLCS MVP), seven All-Star selections, and four Silver Slugger Awards.
 Other career accomplishments include 300 home runs, and more than 2,000 hits and 100 stolen bases while batting over .300.
Alan Stuart Trammell (born February 21, 1958) is an American former professional baseball shortstop, manager and coach.
 His entire 19-year playing career was with the Detroit Tigers.
 He currently serves as a special assistant to the General Manager of the Detroit Tigers.
 Trammell, nicknamed "Tram", played his entire career with the Tigers, highlighted by a World Series championship in over his hometown San Diego Padres and an American League East division championship in 1987.
 Although his arm was not overpowering, he had a quick release and made accurate throws, ultimately winning four Gold Glove awards.
 Trammell's defense perfectly complemented his double-play partner, Lou Whitaker.
 The two formed the longest continuous double-play combination in major league history, playing 19 seasons together.
 At the plate, Trammell was one of the best-hitting shortstops of his era and won three Silver Slugger awards.
 Trammell later served as Detroit's manager from 2003 through 2005.
 He also served as the interim manager for the Arizona Diamondbacks during the final three games of the 2014 season.
Jorge Rafael Posada Villeta (born August 17, 1971) is a Puerto Rican former professional baseball catcher who played 17 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees.
 Posada produced strong offensive numbers for his position, recording a .273 batting average, 275 home runs, and 1,065 runs batted in (RBIs) during his career.
 A switch hitter, Posada was a five-time All-Star, won five Silver Slugger Awards, and was on the roster for four World Series championship teams.
José Antonio Bautista Santos (born October 19, 1980) is a Dominican professional baseball right fielder for the Toronto Blue Jays of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He previously played in MLB for the Baltimore Orioles, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, Kansas City Royals, and Pittsburgh Pirates.
 His professional career began when the Pittsburgh Pirates selected him in the 20th round of the 2000 first year player draft.
 In 2010, Bautista became the 26th member of the 50 home run club while leading the major leagues in home runs for the first of two consecutive seasons, and, from 2010–15, has hit more home runs than any player in the major leagues.
 An MLB All-Star selection six consecutive times, he has won three Silver Slugger Awards and two Hank Aaron Awards.
 In addition, he has received the American League Player of the Month Award five times and the Player of the Week four times.
 Before being traded to the Blue Jays, Bautista primarily played third base.
Donald Edward Baylor (June 28, 1949 – August 7, 2017) was an American professional baseball player and manager.
 During his 19 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB), Baylor was a power hitter known for crowding the plate, and was a first baseman, left fielder, and designated hitter.
 He played for six different American League (AL) teams, primarily the Baltimore Orioles and California Angels, but also played for the Oakland Athletics, New York Yankees, Minnesota Twins, and Boston Red Sox.
 In 1979, Baylor was an All-Star and won the AL Most Valuable Player Award.
 He won three Silver Slugger Awards, the Roberto Clemente Award, and was a member of the 1987 World Series champions.
Derek Sanderson Jeter ( ) (born June 26, 1974) is an American former professional baseball shortstop and the incoming CEO and part owner of the Miami Marlins.
 Jeter played 20 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees.
 A five-time World Series champion, Jeter is regarded as a central figure of the Yankees' success of the late 1990s and early 2000s for his hitting, baserunning, fielding, and leadership.
 He is the Yankees' all-time career leader in hits (3,465), doubles (544), games played (2,747), stolen bases (358), times on base (4,716), plate appearances (12,602) and at bats (11,195).
 His accolades include 14 All-Star selections, five Gold Glove Awards, five Silver Slugger Awards, two Hank Aaron Awards, and a Roberto Clemente Award.
 Jeter was the 28th player to reach 3,000 hits and finished his career ranked sixth in MLB history in career hits and first among shortstops.
 In 2017, the Yankees retired his uniform number 2.
Anthony Keith Gwynn Sr. (May 9, 1960 – June 16, 2014), nicknamed "Mr. Padre", was an American professional baseball right fielder who played 20 seasons (1982–2001) in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres.
 The left-handed hitting Gwynn won eight batting titles in his career, tied for the most in National League (NL) history.
 He is considered one of the best and most consistent hitters in baseball history.
 He had a .338 career batting average, never hitting below .309 in any full season.
 Gwynn was a 15-time All-Star, recognized for his skills both on offense and defense with seven Silver Slugger Awards and five Gold Glove Awards.
 He was the rare player in his era that stayed with a single team his entire career, and he played in the only two World Series appearances in San Diego's franchise history.
 He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2007, his first year of eligibility.
