Pauline Murray and the Invisible Girls (sometimes called Untitled) is the only album made by Penetration singer Pauline Murray and the Invisible Girls, John Cooper Clarke's backing band.
 It was released in September 1980 on the RSO label.
Stephen Hopkins is a former musician who worked (as Steve Hopkins) with different Manchester punk and new wave artists including John Cooper Clarke, Pauline Murray, Morrissey and Ed Garrity amongst others.
 After retiring as a musician, he pursued a career in experimental cold atom physics.
"Beasley Street" is one of the many notable works by punk poet John Cooper Clarke.
 Dealing with poverty in inner-city Salford in the Britain of Margaret Thatcher, Cooper Clarke has said that the poem was inspired by Camp Street in Lower Broughton.
 It has a relentless theme of squalor and despair:
George F. Fitzpatrick (1875–1920) was a prominent barrister of East Indian descent and member of Trinidad & Tobago's Legislative Council.
 He played an early role in helping bring to light malpractices carried out under the system of Indian indentured labour.
 In 1909, George Fitzpatrick provided testimony before a British parliamentary investigation, led by Lord Sanderson, regarding alleged mistreatment of East Indian labourers living in Trinidad.
 The Sanderson Committee, however, failed to bring about the immediate abolition of the indentured system, only its postponement, which was further deferred by the onset of the First World War.
 It was not until January 2, 1920, that the system of indentured labour would come to an end.
 George F. Fitzpatrick's son, Hon. George Fitzpatrick, trained as a solicitor and served a three-year term as member of parliament, representing the district of San Fernando.
 Following the death of his first wife during childbirth, Hon. George Fitzpatrick married Phyllis Sinanan, sister of Mitra and Ashford Sinanan, uniting the Fitzpatrick family with another prominent political family of Trinidad (see Ashford Sinanan, Ambassador, Leader of the Opposition, Democratic Labour Party (DLP), West Indies Federation, Founder of the West Indian National Party (WINP) and High Commissioner to India.
 See also M. Sinanan, "Constitution Commission of Trinidad and Tobago," presented to His Excellency Sir Ellis Clarke, Commander-in-Chief of Trinidad and Tobago, January 22, 1974.
Splitting Image is a 2 issue comic-book limited series created in 1993 by Don Simpson (though based on an idea from Image co-founder Rob Liefeld ) and published by Image Comics.
 It satirizes the founders of Image and their initial titles such as "Savage Dragon", "Spawn", "Youngblood", "WildC.A.T.s: Covert Action Teams", "Cyber Force", "Shadowhawk", "Wetworks", and "Pitt".
 Issue #2 ends with a cliffhanger ending featuring Megaton Man, Captain Everything from "normalman", and Mr. Spook from "Tales of the Beanworld" which was continued in the "Megaton Man/normalman Special".
Disguise in Love is the second studio album by John Cooper Clarke, first released in 1978.
 (It followed "Ou est la maison de fromage?
").
 Most of the tracks are spoken over musical accompaniment provided by Clarke's band The Invisible Girls, except "Psycle Sluts 1&2" and "Salome Maloney" — both live recordings from the Ritz Ballroom in Manchester on 8 May 1978, delivered in his trademark a cappella style.
Evidently... John Cooper Clarke is a 2012 television documentary about the life of the Salford performance poet John Cooper Clarke.
 It was directed by John Ross and produced by Scotty Clark and was first aired on BBC Four in May 2012 as part of BBC Four and BBC 6 Music's "Punk Britannia" season.
 It features testimonies from Alex Turner, Bill Bailey, Pete Shelley, Paul Farley, Steve Coogan, Mark Radcliffe, Craig Charles, Plan B, Kate Nash, Miranda Sawyer and Paul Morley; and poems by Clarke including "Things Are Gonna Get Worse", "Evidently Chickentown", "Twat" and "Beasley Street".
Music for Miners (MFM) was a collective of UK writers, artists and filmmakers (including several independent television producers associated with RPM Productions and Channel 4) who attempted to engage young people with politics during the UK Miner's Strike of 1984-1985.
 Members of the collective included the television producer Don Coutts and the writer and artist Ian McKay.
 Music for Miners organised several events to raise funds and support striking miners, the most notable of which was the MFM event held at the Royal Festival Hall in London on May 14, 1984.
 The English rock group New Order headlined the event with John Cooper Clarke supporting.
 Music for Miners was disbanded soon after the end of the strike in March 1985.
"Evidently Chickentown" is a poem by the English performance poet John Cooper Clarke.
 The poem uses repeated profanity to convey a sense of futility and exasperation.
 Featured on Clarke's 1980 album "Snap, Crackle & Bop", the realism of its lyrics is married with haunting, edgy arrangements.
Walking Back to Happiness is the third album by John Cooper Clarke, originally released on 10" clear vinyl in 1979, and long out of print.
 All tracks were recorded live, with the exception of the final track, "Gimmix", was re-recorded in studio and became a UK top 40 hit that year.
 The penultimate track refers to "The Marble Index" a 1969 album by Nico, with whom Clarke had a romance in the mid-1980s.
