Sudha Malhotra is an Indian playback singer.
 She also acted in some Bollywood films and as a playback singer worked in popular Bollywood movies in the 1950s and 1960s, like "Arzoo", "Dhool Ka Phool", "Ab Dilli Door Nahin", "Girl Friend", "Barsat Ki Raat", "Didi", "Kala Pani", "Prem Rog", and "Dekh Kabira Roya".
 She was last heard in Raj Kapoor's "Prem Rog" (1982) in the song "Yeh Pyar tha ya kuch aur tha".
 Apart from Hindi songs Sudha sang many popular Marathi songs (Bhavgeet) with Arun Date.
Chandan Sinha is a Bangladesh playback singer.
 He was awarded 2013 Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer for his performance in the film "Purno Doirgho Prem Kahini".
 He was the producer of the sequel "Purno Doirgho Prem Kahini 2".
Sharan (born 6 February 1974) is an Indian film actor and an occasional playback singer and film producer who works in Kannada cinema.
 He made his acting debut in the mid-1990s and appeared mostly in comedy roles and small supporting roles.
 However, he earned much recognition during the late 2000s and made his lead role for his 100th film "Rambo (2012 film)" and since then featuring as the lead actor in comedy films.
Abhishek Bachchan (born 5 February 1976) is an Indian film actor, producer and playback singer known for his works in Bollywood and Bengali cinema.
 Part of the Bachchan family, he is the son of actors Amitabh Bachchan, and Jaya Bachchan.
 He made his screen debut with the 2000 War film, "Refugee".
Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar (born in Bijapur, Karnataka) is a two-time National Award winning Indian classical singer who is active mostly in Marathi, Konkani and Hindi film Industry.
 She is known for her unique high-pitch singing and style which she has earned in Agra as well as Gwalior and Jaipur- Atrauli gharanas.
 Arati's performances are marked by her command over both rhythm and melody.
 She received her first National Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the Konkani film 'Anternaad', based on the life of a classical singer for the year 2006.
 She has also received Maharashtra State Award (best playback singer), V.Shantaram Award and Maharashtra Times Award for a Marathi Film De Dhakka (2008).
 Later in 2013, she was awarded with National Award for Best Female Playback singer for the second time for a Marathi movie, Samhita.
 She is married to Indian film actor Uday Tikekar.
 Her daughter Swanandi Tikekar who is in her mid-twenties dabbles in acting as well.
Praveen Prem (21 April 1984) is a south Indian film actor who began his acting career in 2010 in the Malayalam language film "Kadha Thudarunnu".
 His first major role in Malayalam cinema came through the movie "Tournament – Play & Replay" directed by Lal in which he played Usman Ali.
 Prem next appeared as several comedy characters in Malayalam movies, taking on the role of the hero Kiran in the 2013 movie "Crocodile Love Story".
 Prem made his debut in the Tamil film industry in 2014 after director O.S. Ravi cast him as the male lead in the movie "Dummy Tappasu".
Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon (English: "I am crazy about Prem"), is a 2003 Indian Hindi romantic comedy drama film by Sooraj Barjatya and produced by Rajshri Productions.
 The film is a remake of the 1976 film "Chitchor" and features Hrithik Roshan, Kareena Kapoor and Abhishek Bachchan in the lead roles.
 The movie had a worldwide release on 26 June 2003.
Kareena Kapoor, also credited by her married name Kareena Kapoor Khan, is an Indian actress who has appeared in over 50 Bollywood films.
 Kapoor made her acting debut opposite Abhishek Bachchan in the 2000 drama "Refugee", for which she earned a Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut.
 The following year, she appeared in five films, including the romance "Mujhe Kucch Kehna Hai", the thriller "Ajnabee", and the ensemble melodrama "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...".
 The latter emerged as the highest-grossing Bollywood film in overseas market to that point, and the success of these films established her in Bollywood.
 However, she followed this with roles in a series of commercial failures, including "Mujhse Dosti Karoge!
" (2002) and "Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon" (2003), in which she was perceived to play variations of her character in "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...".
Minda Poochakku Kalyanam is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Alleppey Ashraf, starring Suresh Gopi and Lissy Priyadarsan in the lead roles.
 The film is a remake of Hindi film Chitchor(1976) which was later remade again as Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon (2003).
Javed Ali (Hindi: जावेद अली , Urdu: ‎ , born 5 July 1982) is an Indian playback singer who has been singing in Hindi movies since the year 2000.
 In 2007 Javed Ali came into limelight for his song "Ek Din Teri Raahon Mein" from the film "Naqaab" and thereafter he sang "Jashn-e-Bahaaran" from Jodhaa Akbar, "Arziyan" from Delhi-6, "Kun Faya Kun" from Rockstar, "Guzarish" from Ghajini, "Aa Jao Meri Tamanna" from Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, "Gale Lag Ja" from De Dana Dan, "Tu Hi Haqeeqat" from Tum Mile, "Tum Tak" from Raanjhanaa, Jab Tak Hai Jaan title track from the film Jab Tak Hai Jaan, Ishaqzaade title track from the film Ishaqzaade, "Galat Baat Hai" from Main Tera Hero, Daawat-e-Ishq film's Title Track, "Maula" from Wazir, Nagada Nagada from Jab We Met, "Tu Jo Mila" from Bajrangi Bhaijaan etc & many more.
 He is doing playback singing in various languages like Hindi, Bengali, Odia, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi and Assamese.
 He judged reality shows like Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs 2011 on Zee TV and Great Music Gurukul on Colors Bangla.
 Javed Ali Hosted Zee TV's Singing Reality Show Sa Re Ga Ma Pa 2012.
