Metcalf South Shopping Center was a shopping mall in Overland Park, Kansas.
 It opened in 1967, near a large, unique department store called the French Market, which later became a strip mall anchored by Kmart and Hancock Fabrics (the Kmart closed in late 2013 and Hancock announced a move in early 2014).
 The Metcalf South mall itself originally featured two main floors of retail space, although later a third floor of retail space was added, which in recent years became home to office space.
 It featured two anchor stores (Sears and the Jones Store Company), later taken over by Macy's.
 Sears and the Glenwood Arts movie theater remained open in later years, while Macy's announced the closure of its Metcalf South store in January 2014.
William Whiteley Limited was a large British retail company founded by William Whiteley in 1863.
 The business grew to include four department stores and a warehouse removals business.
Square One Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
 It is the second largest shopping centre in Canada, as well as the largest shopping centre in Ontario, with over 2200000 sqft of retail space and more than 360 stores and services.
 The mall's size allows it to cater to a variety of customers from discount retailers such as Walmart, Old Navy, and Forever 21 and to more upscale brands like Salvatore Ferragamo, Holt Renfrew, Michael Kors, Coach, Harry Rosen, Holt Renfrew, Lacoste, and Crate & Barrel.
 Many mid-level retailers can also be found, including Armani Exchange, Banana Republic, Aldo, Le Chateau, Club Monaco, Guess, Urban Outfitters, Lululemon, Gap, American Eagle, Victoria's Secret, and Zara.
 On average, the mall serves over 24 million customers each year.
William Whiteley (29 September 1831 – 24 January 1907) was an English entrepreneur of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 He was the founder of the William Whiteley Limited retail company whose eponymous department store became the Whiteleys shopping centre.
Athlone Towncentre is a shopping centre located in Athlone, County Westmeath, Ireland.
 The shopping centre is the largest shopping centre in the Irish midlands with over 140,000 sq meters of retail space consisting of 60 high end retail shops.
 The Shopping centre is located in the heart of Athlone town enclosing a site on Dublin Gate Street and Gleeson Street.
 The Shopping Centre opened in 2007.
 The 4 star Sheraton Hotel adjoins the site and consists of 161 beds.
 Anchor tenants include Marks and Spencer, River Island, Tommy Hilfiger, Topshop, Next, H&M, Monsoon amongst many more.
King Cross Jankomir is a shopping centre located in Zagreb, Croatia, on Velimir Škorpik Street 34 in the neighbourhood of Jankomir.
 It was financed by Coimpredil and Coop Consumatori Nordest and opened on 21 September 2002.
 The shopping centre has a gross area of 110000 m2 , 43000 m2 of which is covered, and 29000 m2 of retail space.
 At the time of its opening, it was the largest shopping centre in Croatia.
 The shopping centre cost €67 million to build, and its investors partly funded the upgrade of the adjoining road infrastructure.
The Liberty is a covered shopping centre located in the London Borough of Havering.
 It is the largest shopping centre in Romford.
 It was originally built in 1968 as the Liberty Shopping Centre and underwent a four-year redevelopment completed in 2004.
 The centre takes its name from the former Liberty of Havering and is owned by the Cosgrave Property Group.
 It is the largest indoor shopping centre in the borough and covers 730000 sqm with 36400 sqm of retail space, around 100 shops.
 The Liberty has an annual footfall of 23 million, equating to 425,000 people per week.
 It is linked to Mercury Shopping Centre (formerly Liberty 2) by an underpass.
Del Monte Center is an open-air shopping center located in Monterey, California.
 Del Monte Center is the largest shopping center on the Monterey Peninsula and the second largest shopping mall in Monterey County, California, and has the only department store in a 22-mile radius.
 Del Monte Center was designed by architect John Carl Wernecke, built by Williams and Burrows Construction Company and originally opened in 1967 but expanded and renovated in 1987.
 The shopping center encompasses 675000 sqft of retail space including 85 stores, one department store (Macy's), Whole Foods Market, restaurants (California Pizza Kitchen, P.F. Chang's China Bistro, Pizza My Heart, Islands Fine Burgers & Drinks, Subway, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Starbucks and Lalla Grill), a gym and spa (Energia) and a thirteen screen Century Theatres.
 Petco was added in 2004, replacing Stroud's.
 The existing theater complex moved in 2006, with the former complex becoming a furniture store for Macy's.
Whiteleys is a large shopping centre in Bayswater, London, England, which opened in 1989.
 It has been built in the retail space of the former William Whiteley Limited department store, and opened in 1911 as London's first department store.
 The store's main entrance was located on Queensway.
Westfield Stratford City is a shopping centre in Stratford, London.
 The centre opened on 13 September 2011.
 With a total retail floor area of 1905542 sqft , it is one of the largest urban shopping centres in Europe.
 It is the third-largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom by retail space behind the MetroCentre and the Trafford Centre.
 Taking the surrounding shopping area into account, it is the largest urban shopping centre in the European Union in terms of size.
