The Stead Primary Care Hospital was a NHS-run hospital located on Kirkleatham Street in the town of Redcar, England.
 The hospital was opened in 1929 as the 'Stead Memorial Hospital', in memory of metallurgical doctor John Edward Stead, on the site of his family home.
 It operated for 81 years, becoming the town's main hospital until 2010, when it was then closed and left abandoned.
Wayne Memorial Hospital is a 114-bed not-for-profit hospital located in Honesdale, Pennsylvania.
 Its patients include residents of Wayne County, Pennsylvania, Pike County, Pennsylvania, and Sullivan County, New York.
 Wayne Memorial first opened in 1920.
 The hospital is a Medicare Dependent Hospital.
Biltmore Hospital, also known as the Biltmore Hospital Extension and Memorial Mission Hospital, is a historic hospital building located at Biltmore Village, Asheville, Buncombe County, North Carolina.
 It was built in 1929-1930, and originally known as the Battle Wing to the Clarence Barker Memorial Hospital.
 It is a four-story, 13 bay by 3 bay, brick and stone building with a flat roof and Tudor Revival style design elements.
 A two-story wing was completed in 1953 for the Imperial Life Insurance Company.
 Also on the property are contributing culverts and a sign.
Yale New Haven Health System (YNHHS) is a non-profit healthcare system with corporate headquarters in New Haven, Connecticut.
 It is Connecticut’s largest healthcare system with 2,535 beds, and includes hospitals, physicians and related health services throughout Connecticut and into New York and Rhode Island.
 Major institutions affiliated with the system include Bridgeport Hospital, Greenwich Hospital, Lawrence+Memorial Hospital, Westerly Hospital, Smilow Cancer Hospital, Yale-New Haven Hospital, Yale-New Haven Children’s Hospital, and Northeast Medical Group.
John T. Mather Memorial Hospital is a general hospital located in Port Jefferson, New York.
 It is named after John T. Mather, an American philanthropist from Port Jefferson who left funds to create the hospital in his will.
 In 2013, Mather was designated a Magnet® Recognized hospital by the American Nurses Credentialing Center, a prestigious recognition of quality, patient and staff satisfaction.
 Mather is one of only 468 Magnet hospitals worldwide.
New York State Route 24 (NY 24) is an east–west state highway on Long Island in New York in the United States.
 The route is split into two segments, with the longest and westernmost of the two extending from an intersection with Interstate 295 (I-295, named the Clearview Expressway) and NY 25 (Hillside Avenue) in the Queens Village section of the New York City borough of Queens to a junction with NY 110 in East Farmingdale in the Suffolk County town of Babylon.
 The shorter eastern section, located in eastern Suffolk County, runs from an interchange with I-495 in Calverton to an intersection with County Route 80 (CR 80) in Hampton Bays.
New York State Route 454 (NY 454), also known as the Suffolk County Veterans Memorial Highway or simply Vets Highway, is a 13.67 mi east–west divided highway in western and central Suffolk County on Long Island in New York.
 It spans from NY 25 (Jericho Turnpike) in Commack to NY 27 (Sunrise Highway) in Holbrook.
 The route provides access to the Long Island MacArthur Airport, as well as New York State and Suffolk County government offices, and at one time the Long Island Arena.
 NY 454 serves as the northern terminus for the Northern State Parkway in Hauppauge, where a concurrency with NY 347 begins.
New York–Presbyterian Hospital Queens, stylized as NewYork–Presbyterian/Queens (NYP/Q or NYP/Queens), is a not-for-profit acute care and teaching hospital in the Flushing neighborhood of Queens in New York City.
 Formerly operating as Booth Memorial Hospital and New York Hospital Queens (NYHQ), it is located on the northeast corner of Main Street and Booth Memorial Avenue.
 The NewYork–Presbyterian Healthcare System had assumed control of the Booth Memorial Hospital until 2015, when the NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital, headquartered in Manhattan, assumed control and made the Booth Memorial Hospital a Queens campus.
Newberry County Memorial Hospital is a historic hospital building located at Newberry, Newberry County, South Carolina.
 Newberry County Hospital was built in 1924–1925, and is a two-story, Colonial Revival style brick building.
 Upon opening, the hospital's capacity was 25 beds.
 It was dedicated on December 22, 1925.
 Additions were made to the original building about 1949.
 Also on there are the former Nurse’s Home (c. 1937, c. 1949), the Laundry/Boiler Plant (c. 1925, c. 1949) and storage buildings dating to the 1950s.
 On May 30, 1950, the hospital's name was changed to Newberry County Memorial Hospital to honor the men and women who served in World War II.
 In January 1952, the People's Hospital merged with NCMH.
 In 1963, the north wing was added, increasing the capacity to 72 beds.
 The hospital moved to a new facility at 2669 Kinard Street in May 1976 with a capacity of 102 beds.
The Allegheny Health Network (AHN), formerly the West Penn Allegheny Health System (WPAHS), is an academic medical center located in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area.
 The second-largest provider of healthcare in its region, AHN was formed by the merger of the Western Pennsylvania Hospital (West Penn), founded in 1848 as Pittsburgh's first chartered public hospital, and Allegheny General Hospital (AGH), which was founded in 1886.
 AHN is made up of these two tertiary hospitals, both located in Pittsburgh, as well as six community hospitals: Allegheny Valley Hospital in Harrison Township, Canonsburg General Hospital in Canonsburg, Forbes Hospital in Monroeville, Jefferson Hospital in Jefferson Hills, Saint Vincent Hospital in Erie, and Westfield Memorial Hospital in Westfield, New York.
 The system also includes Forbes Hospice, now located in West Penn Hospital, which opened in 1979 as Pittsburgh’s first end-of-life and palliative care program, and West Penn Allegheny Health System’s STAR Center (Simulation, Training and Academic Research Center), which provides simulation training for medical, nursing, and other health care professionals.
 AHN adopted its current name in 2013 after becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Highmark.
