Rebel Yell is the second studio album by English rock musician Billy Idol.
 It was released on 10 November 1983, by Chrysalis Records.
 After the release of his 1981 eponymous debut album, Idol continued his collaboration with Keith Forsey and Steve Stevens.
 The album was recorded at Electric Lady Studios in New York.
 Initially recording without a drummer, utilizing only the electronic drum machine LinnDrum, Forsey and Stevens later decided to hire Thommy Price to play drums on some of the songs.
 Musically, "Rebel Yell" is a rock album with a strong influence of new wave music.
 The cover sleeve and images were shot by Brian Griffin.
 Idol got the idea of the album's title after attending a party with The Rolling Stones and drinking the Rebel Yell whiskey.
The Very Best of Billy Idol: Idolize Yourself is a greatest hits compilation album, spanning the recording career of British punk rock vocalist Billy Idol.
 It was released in the U. S. on 24 June 2008.
 It features 16 of Idol's past hits, as well as two new tracks, "John Wayne" and "New Future Weapon".
 An additional new track, "Fractured", is available exclusively through download retailers.
 A CD/DVD set which includes 13 Billy Idol music videos was also released.
Cyberpunk is the fifth studio album by English rock vocalist Billy Idol.
 A concept album, it was released in 1993 by Chrysalis Records.
 Inspired by his personal interest in technology and his first attempts to use computers in the creation of his music, Idol based the album on the cyberdelic subculture of the late 1980s and early 1990s.
 Heavily experimental in its style, the album was an attempt by Idol to take control of the creative process in the production of his albums, while simultaneously introducing Idol's fans and other musicians to the opportunities presented by digital media.
"White Wedding" is a song by Billy Idol that appeared on his album "Billy Idol" in 1982.
 It is often considered one of his most recognisable songs, although other Idol songs charted higher.
 It peaked at No. 108 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under the Hot 100 on its original release, and reached No. 36 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 when it was re-issued in 1983.
 In the UK it reached No. 6 in the UK Singles Chart upon its re-release there in 1985 and 1988, when it was re-issued to promote the "Vital Idol" remix album.
"Cradle of Love" is a rock song written by Billy Idol and David Werner for Idol's 1990 fourth studio album "Charmed Life".
 The song is the album's sixth track, and was released as its first single.
 The song became one of Idol's biggest hits in the United States, where it reached No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, but stalled at No. 34 in Idol's native UK Single Chart.
 It was also Idol's first, and (so far) only No. 1 hit on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in the U.S.
Idol Songs: 11 of the Best is a compilation album by English rock vocalist Billy Idol, released in 1988.
 It comprises all the singles released from his first three albums, "Billy Idol", "Rebel Yell" and "Whiplash Smile", plus the live version of "Mony Mony" and re-recorded Generation X song "Dancing with Myself", both of which appeared on Idol's debut EP "Don't Stop".
 A limited edition version also contained a further four remixes.
 The album reached number 2 in the UK.
William Michael Albert Broad (born 30 November 1955), known professionally as Billy Idol, is an English musician, singer, songwriter, and actor.
 He first achieved fame in the 1970s as a member of the punk rock band Generation X.
 Subsequently, he embarked on a solo career which led to international recognition and made Idol one of the lead artists during the MTV-driven "Second British Invasion" in the United States.
Devil's Playground is the sixth studio album by English rock vocalist Billy Idol, released on 22 March 2005.
 It is his first studio album in over a decade (the latest being 1993's "Cyberpunk"), and his first new studio songs since 2001 (Idol's cover of "Don't You (Forget About Me)" on "Greatest Hits").
 The album also reunited Idol in the studio with guitarist Steve Stevens and producer Keith Forsey.
 All songs were written or co-written by Idol except "Plastic Jesus".
 The album was engineered and mixed by Brian Reeves at the Jungle Room in Los Angeles.
Greatest Hits is a compilation of Billy Idol's most popular singles, released by Capitol Records in 2001.
 The album includes two additional tracks: a live recording of one of his most popular songs, "Rebel Yell" (this live version was recorded in 1993 and appeared as a b-side for the single "Speed" in 1994), plus a new version of Idol's longtime producer Keith Forsey's "Don't You (Forget About Me)".
 Although Forsey originally wrote the song with Idol in mind, Idol turned it down and eventually the song was given to Simple Minds who would go on to make it a worldwide hit in 1985.
 "Greatest Hits" was certified platinum by the RIAA in 2005.
Billy Idol is the eponymous debut studio album by English rock vocalist Billy Idol, released on 16 July 1982 by Chrysalis Records.
 After the breakup of the band Generation X and the release of his first solo extended play, "Don't Stop" (1981), Idol began working on his debut album.
 Produced by Keith Forsey, "Billy Idol" is a rock album with strong influences of new wave music.
