Adaraneeya Kathawak (English: "A Melody Of Love" ) is a 2016 Sri Lankan Sinhala romantic musical film, directed and co-produced by Priyantha Colombage.
 It was released on 10 June 2016.
 Starring Hemal Ranasinghe, Udari Warnakulasooriya, Bimal Jayakody and Aruni Rajapaksha in the lead roles.
 The film has influenced by romantic musical Bollywood film "Aashiqui 2".
Borstal Boy is a 2000 British/Irish romantic drama film adaptation of the Brendan Behan autobiographical novel of the same name.
 The film is written and directed by Irish playwright Peter Sheridan.
John Ford (1894–1973) was an American film director whose career spanned from 1913 to 1971.
 During this time he directed more than 140 films.
 Born in Maine, Ford enter the filmmaking industry shortly after graduating from high school with the help of his older brother, Francis Ford, who had established himself as a leading man and director for Universal Studios.
 After working as an actor, assistant director, stuntman, and prop man – often for his brother – Universal gave Ford the opportunity to direct in 1917.
 Initially working in short films, he quickly moved into features, largely with Harry Carey as his star.
 In 1920 Ford left Universal and began working for the Fox Film Corporation.
 During the next ten years he directed more than 30 films, including the westerns "The Iron Horse" (1924) and "3 Bad Men" (1926), both starring George O'Brien, the war drama "Four Sons" and the Irish romantic drama "Hangman's House" (both 1928 and both starring Victor McLaglen).
 In the same year of these last two films, Ford directed his first all-talking film, the short "Napoleon's Barber".
 The following year he directed his first all-talking feature, "The Black Watch".
South Pacific is a 1958 American romantic musical film based on the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical "South Pacific", which in turn based on James A. Michener's short-story collection "Tales of the South Pacific".
 The film, directed by Joshua Logan, starred Rossano Brazzi, Mitzi Gaynor, John Kerr and Ray Walston in the leading roles with Juanita Hall as Bloody Mary, the part that she had played in the original stage production.
 The film was nominated for three Academy Awards, winning the Academy Award for Best Sound for Fred Hynes.
The Cat and the Fiddle is a 1934 American Pre-Code romantic musical film directed by William K. Howard based on the hit 1931 Broadway musical of the same name by Jerome Kern and Otto A. Harbach, about a romance between a struggling composer and an American singer.
 The film stars Ramon Novarro and Jeanette MacDonald in her MGM debut.
God's Gift to Women (1931) is an American Pre-Code romantic musical comedy film by Warner Brothers.
 The film starred Frank Fay, Charles Winninger, Laura LaPlante, Louise Brooks and Joan Blondell.
 The film was based on the play called "The Devil Was Sick" by Jane Hinton, and was originally completed as a musical film.
 Due to audience distaste for musicals, however, all the songs were cut in American prints.
 The complete film was released intact in other countries, where there was no such decline in popularity.
Kings is a 2007 Irish film written & directed by Tom Collins and based on Jimmy Murphy's play "The Kings of the Kilburn High Road".
 The film is bilingual, having both Irish and English dialogues.
 It premiered at the Taormina Film Festival (Italy) in June 2007, and was selected as Ireland's official entry for the 2008 Academy Awards in the best foreign-language film category.
 The film tells the story of a group of Irish friends who, after emigrating to England 30 years previously, meet for the funeral of a friend.
 In 2008, the Irish postal service, An Post, issued a series of stamps honouring the Irish film industry.
 Colm Meaney, as Joe Mullan, was featured on the 55 cent stamp.
Ratha Sapthami (ರಥಸಪ್ತಮಿ) is a 1986 Indian-Kannada romantic musical film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by S. A. Govindaraj.
 The film starred Shivarajkumar in his second venture after "Anand" and debutant actress Asha Rani and playwrighter Parvathavani in the lead roles.
 The film had a musical score composed by Upendra Kumar while the lyrics, screenplay and dialogues were written by Chi.
 Udaya Shankar.
 P. Vasu was co-writer of this movie.
 The movie is based on Kannada novel of same name by Vidyullatha Sasanoor.
Once is a 2007 Irish romantic musical film written and directed by John Carney.
 The film stars Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová as two struggling musicians in Dublin, Ireland.
 Hansard and Irglová had previously performed music as the Swell Season, and composed and performed the film's original songs.
Show Boat is a 1936 romantic musical film directed by James Whale, based on the musical of the same name by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II, which in turn was adapted from the novel of the same name by Edna Ferber.
