The 71st Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and American television of 2013, was broadcast live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on January 12, 2014, by NBC, as part of the 2013-14 film awards season.
 The ceremony was produced by Dick Clark Productions in association with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.
 Woody Allen was announced as the Cecil B. DeMille Award honoree for his lifetime achievements on September 13, 2013, and Diane Keaton accepted the award for him.
 On October 15, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler were announced as the co-hosts for the second time in a row and as the co-hosts for the 72nd Golden Globe Awards.
 The nominations were announced on December 12, 2013, by Aziz Ansari, Zoe Saldana and Olivia Wilde. "
American Hustle", "Behind the Candelabra", "Breaking Bad", "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", and "Dallas Buyers Club" were among the films and television shows that received multiple awards.
Dancing on the Edge is a British television drama written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff and produced by the BBC about a black jazz band in London in the early 1930s.
 The series aired on BBC Two between 4 February and 10 March 2013.
 It was nominated for three awards at the 71st Golden Globe Awards.
The 61st Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 2003, were held on January 25, 2004 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California.
The 51st Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1993, were held on January 22, 1994, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California.
Scarface: Music from the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album featured on the 1983 American crime film, "Scarface", which was directed by Brian De Palma.
 Composed by Italian record producer Giorgio Moroder, the vinyl soundtrack was released on December 9 of the same year through MCA Records.
 The album features music created by Moroder, who wrote and produced all of the tracks.
 "Scarface" counts with the collaboration of multiple singers, including Paul Engemann in the track "Scarface (Push It to the Limit)", Debbie Harry in "Rush Rush", and Amy Holland in "She's on Fire" and "Turn Out the Night", among other artists.
 The soundtrack received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Original Score at the 41st Golden Globe Awards.
Breaking Bad is an American neo-western crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan.
 The show originally aired on the AMC network for five seasons, from January 20, 2008 to September 29, 2013.
 It tells the story of Walter White (Bryan Cranston), a struggling high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer.
 Together with his former student Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul), White turns to a life of crime by producing and selling crystallized methamphetamine to secure his family's financial future before he dies, while navigating the dangers of the criminal world.
 The title comes from the Southern colloquialism "breaking bad", meaning to "raise hell" or turn toward crime.
 "Breaking Bad" is set and was filmed in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
La corsa dell'innocente (internationally released as Flight of the Innocent) is a 1992 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Carlei.
 It was nominated at 51st Golden Globe Awards for Best Foreign Language Film.
 - Winner: Hampton Film Festival 1993: Golden Arrow Best Film, Golden Arrow Best Director - Winner: David di Donatello Awards Nomination 1992: Best First Film - Winner: N.I.C.E. New York: Best Film Audience Award - Toronto Festival of Festivals 1993: Opening Night Gala Screening.
The Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film was awarded for the first time at the 64th Golden Globe Awards in 2007.
 It was the first time that the Golden Globe Awards had created a separate category for animated films since its establishment.
 The nominations are announced in January and an awards ceremony is held later in the month.
 Initially, only three films are nominated for best animated film, in contrast to five nominations for the majority of other awards.
 The Pixar film "Cars" was the first recipient of the award.
 The award for best animated film has subsequently been presented to six other Pixar films: "Ratatouille" received the award in 2008, "WALL-E" was the recipient in 2009, "Up" received the award in 2010, "Toy Story 3" won in 2011, "Brave" won in 2013, and "Inside Out" won in 2016.
 In 2012, "Cars 2" lost to "The Adventures of Tintin", in 2014, "Monsters University" was the first not to be nominated and also in 2016, "The Good Dinosaur" lost to "Inside Out".
 In 2017, "Finding Dory" was also not nominated.
 The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has been awarding Golden Globe Awards since 1944.
Brooklyn Nine-Nine is an American police sitcom that premiered on Fox on September 17, 2013, garnering 6.17 million viewers.
 Created by Dan Goor and Michael Schur, the series revolves around Jake Peralta (Andy Samberg), an immature but talented NYPD detective in Brooklyn's 99th Precinct, who comes into immediate conflict with his new commanding officer, the serious and stern Captain Raymond Holt (Andre Braugher).
 The ensemble and supporting cast feature Stephanie Beatriz as Rosa Diaz, Terry Crews as Terrence "Terry" Jeffords, Melissa Fumero as Amy Santiago, Joe Lo Truglio as Charles Boyle, Chelsea Peretti as Regina "Gina" Linetti, Dirk Blocker as Michael Hitchcock and Joel McKinnon Miller as Norman "Norm" Scully.
The 31st Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1973, were held on January 26, 1974.
