An Ericaceous bed is a bed (or garden) with acidic and often nutrient-poor soil such as Ericaceous compost and different types of peat.
 The pH of the soil is typically between 4.5 and 6.
 The purpose is typically to grow a number of garden plants which require (or thrives best in) acidic soil.
 Such plants commonly include heathers (Erica, Calluna and more) and Rhododendrons. Another group of plants common in ericaceous beds are those belonging to the boreal coniferous forest, e.g. Vacciniums.
 A number of orchids also grow well in nutrient-poor soil.
A Bell test experiment or Bell's inequality experiment, also simply a Bell test, is a real-world physics experiment designed to test the theory of quantum mechanics in relation to two other concepts: the principle of locality and Einstein's concept of "local realism".
 The experiments test whether or not the real world satisfies local realism, which requires the presence of some additional local variables (called "hidden" because they are not a feature of quantum theory) to explain the behavior of particles like photons and electrons.
 According to Bell's theorem, if nature actually operates in accord with any theory of local hidden variables, then the results of a Bell test will be constrained in a particular, quantifiable way.
 If a Bell test is performed in a laboratory and the results are "not" thus constrained, then they are inconsistent with the hypothesis that local hidden variables exist.
 Such results would support the position that there is no way to explain the phenomena of quantum mechanics in terms of a more fundamental description of nature that is more in line with the rules of classical physics.
 Many types of Bell test have been performed in physics laboratories, often with the goal of ameliorating problems of experimental design or set-up that could in principle affect the validity of the findings of earlier Bell tests.
 This is known as "closing loopholes in Bell test experiments".
 To date, Bell tests have found that the hypothesis of local hidden variables is inconsistent with the way that physical systems behave.
Thorius munificus is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
 It is endemic to Mexico and only known from near its type locality near Las Vigas, Veracruz.
 Its natural habitats are pine-oak and pine forests, woodlands, and "Arbutus" forests with abundant shrubby and ericaceous plants.
 The species is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging, agriculture, and human settlement.
Sphagnum is a genus of approximately 380 accepted species of mosses, commonly known as peat moss.
 Accumulations of "Sphagnum" can store water, since both living and dead plants can hold large quantities of water inside their cells; plants may hold 16–26 times as much water as their dry weight, depending on the species.
 The empty cells help retain water in drier conditions.
 Hence, as sphagnum moss grows, it can slowly spread into drier conditions, forming larger mires, both raised bogs and blanket bogs.
 These peat accumulations then provide habitat for a wide array of peatland plants, including sedges and ericaceous shrubs, as well as orchids and carnivorous plants.
 "Sphagnum" and the peat formed from it do not decay readily because of the phenolic compounds embedded in the moss's cell walls.
 In addition, bogs, like all wetlands, develop anaerobic soil conditions, which produces slower anaerobic decay rather than aerobic microbial action.
 Peat moss can also acidify its surroundings by taking up cations, such as calcium and magnesium, and releasing hydrogen ions.
 Under the right conditions, peat can accumulate to a depth of many meters.
 Different species of "Sphagnum" have different tolerance limits for flooding and pH, so any one peatland may have a number of different "Sphagnum" species.
Hydrogen-bridged cations are a type of charged species in which a hydrogen atom is simultaneously bonded to two atoms through partial sigma bonds.
 While best observable in the presence of superacids at room temperature, spectroscopic evidence has suggested that hydrogen-bridged cations exist in ordinary solvents.
 These ions have been the subject of debate as they constitute a type of charged species of uncertain electronic structure.
Hot container composting (also referred to as in-vessel composting for larger industrial batches) is different to cold composting, in that compost is created without losing valuable heat.
 Heat loss is the reason why a compost pile takes so long to decompose.
 Observers have noted that the time taken to create compost can be dramatically reduced by retaining the heat in a suitably insulated container.
 Another observation noted is the way the compostable items are added and mixed which allows for aeration.
 This is an important step in the process.
 Compost becomes anaerobic due to the absence of air, and this can result in it becoming smelly.
 By adding large, medium and fine items to the top of the container, space is provided in between the items for the air to flow from bottom to top.
 This creates a trickle ventilation.
 Compost made with this method is called aerobic composting (no smell).
An ecological cascade effect is a series of secondary extinctions that is triggered by the primary extinction of a key species in an ecosystem.
 Secondary extinctions are likely to occur when the threatened species are: dependent on a few specific food sources, mutualistic (dependent on the key species in some way), or forced to coexist with an invasive species that is introduced to the ecosystem.
 Species introductions to a foreign ecosystem can often devastate entire communities, and even entire ecosystems.
 These exotic species monopolize the ecosystem's resources, and since they have no natural predators to decrease their growth, they are able to increase indefinitely.
 Olsen et al. showed that exotic species have caused lake and estuary ecosystems to go through cascade effects due to loss of algae, crayfish, mollusks, fish, amphibians, and birds.
 However, the principal cause of cascade effects is the loss of top predators as the key species.
 As a result of this loss, a dramatic increase (ecological release) of prey species occurs.
 The prey is then able to overexploit its own food resources, until the population numbers decrease in abundance, which can lead to extinction.
 When the prey's food resources disappear, they starve and may go extinct as well.
 If the prey species is herbivorous, then their initial release and exploitation of the plants may result in a loss of plant biodiversity in the area.
 If other organisms in the ecosystem also depend upon these plants as food resources, then these species may go extinct as well.
 An example of the cascade effect caused by the loss of a top predator is apparent in tropical forests.
 When hunters cause local extinctions of top predators, the predators' prey's population numbers increase, causing an overexploitation of a food resource and a cascade effect of species loss.
 Recent studies have been performed on approaches to mitigate extinction cascades in food-web networks.
A carbon-to-nitrogen ratio (C/N ratio or C:N ratio) is a ratio of the mass of carbon to the mass of nitrogen in a substance.
 It can, amongst other things, be used in analysing sediments and compost.
 A useful application for C/N ratios is as a proxy for paleoclimate research, having different uses whether the sediment cores are terrestrial-based or marine-based.
 Carbon-to-nitrogen ratios are an indicator for nitrogen limitation of plants and other organisms and can identify whether molecules found in the sediment under study come from land-based or algal plants.
 Further, they can distinguish between different land-based plants, depending on the type of photosynthesis they undergo.
 Therefore, the C/N ratio serves as a tool for understanding the sources of sedimentary organic matter, which can lead to information about the ecology, climate, and ocean circulation at different times in Earth’s history.
A calcifuge is a plant that does not tolerate alkaline (basic) soil.
 The word is derived from the Latin 'to flee from chalk'.
 These plants are also described as ericaceous, as the prototypical calcifuge is the genus "Erica" (heaths).
 It is not the presence of carbonate or hydroxide ions "per se" that these plants cannot tolerate, but the fact that under alkaline conditions, iron becomes less soluble.
 Consequently, calcifuges grown on alkaline soils often develop the symptoms of iron deficiency, "i.e." interveinal chlorosis of new growth.
 There are many horticultural plants which are calcifuges, most of which require an 'ericaceous' compost with a low pH, composed principally of "Sphagnum" moss peat.
Volvopluteus gloiocephalus, commonly known as the big sheath mushroom, rose-gilled grisette, or stubble rosegill, is a species of mushroom in the family Pluteaceae.
 For most of the 20th century it has been known under the names "Volvariella gloiocephala" or "Volvariella speciosa", but recent molecular studies have placed it as the type species of the genus "Volvopluteus", newly created in 2011.
 The cap of this mushroom is about 5 – in diameter, varies from white to grey or grey-brown, and is markedly sticky when fresh.
 The gills start out as white but they soon turn pink.
 The stipe is white and has a sack-like volva at the base.
 Microscopical features and DNA sequence data are of great importance for separating "V. gloiocephalus" from related species.
 "V. gloiocephalus" is a saprotrophic fungus that grows on grassy fields and accumulations of organic matter like compost or woodchips piles.
 It has been reported from all continents except Antarctica.
