The Polar Music Prize is a Swedish international award founded in 1989 by Stig Anderson, best known as the manager of the Swedish band ABBA, with a donation to the Royal Swedish Academy of Music.
 The award is annually given to one contemporary musician and one classical musician.
 Exceptions were made in 2001, when it was awarded to three musicians (one composer, one contemporary musician and one inventor), and 2003, when it was awarded only to one musician.
 Without any restrictions of nationality, the prize is to be "awarded for significant achievements in music and/or musical activity, or for achievements which are found to be of great potential importance for music or musical activity, and it shall be referable to all fields within or closely connected with music".
 The prize has been called the "Nobel Prize of Music" in Sweden.
Curt Hansen (born August 14, 1987) is an American actor.
 He was born in Wisconsin and is a native actor, singer and dancer.
 Hansen graduated from Hartford Union High School in Hartford, WI in 2005.
 Hansen is currently performing with the National Tour of "Kinky Boots" in the role of Charlie.
 He also performed in the First National Tour of "Wicked" in the role of Fiyero.
 In 2010, Hansen was the Gabe understudy/cover in the Tony award winning Broadway musical "Next to Normal" and continued in the role of Gabe in the First National Tour of the show through 2010-2011.
 December 2012 he starred in the Pasadena Playhouse's "A Snow White Christmas" with Neil Patrick Harris and Ariana Grande.
 February 2013 found Hansen in Louisville starring as Mike in Todd Almond's musical "Girlfriend".
 Curt was a member of the final cast of "Hairspray" on Broadway, as well as other Broadway readings and workshops.
 He also performed in the Mark Taper Forum production of Jason Robert Brown's acclaimed musical "Parade".
 He studied with the BFA Musical Theatre program at the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point.
Corey James (born “Corey James John Rutherford”, August 8, 1992) is an English disc jockey, producer and remixer.
 During his career, he has released many electronic dance music records on labels such as Size Records, Protocol Recordings, Big Beat Records, Sosumi Records, Spinnin' Records, Fonk Recordings and Armada Music.
 His repertoire also includes numerous remixes and bootlegs for artists such as Steve Angello, Galantis, Alesso, Feenixpawl, AN21 and Max Vangeli.
 James's passion for house music appeared at a young age through his hometown's cultural love of music.
 Watching Steve Angello's live performance in Cream Liverpool was the defining moment in his plan to pursue a career in the music industry.
 He was named one of the Top 100 Producers by 1001Tracklists, a ranking reflecting DJ support.
 James performed at Creamfields festival on August 28, 2016 and joined Steve Angello on his BBC Radio 1 residency on November 17, 2016.
Anna von Mildenburg (November 29, 1872 – January 27, 1947) was an eminent Wagnerian soprano of Austrian nationality.
 Known as Anna Bahr-Mildenburg after her 1909 marriage, she had been a protégé of the composer/conductor Gustav Mahler during his musical directorship at the Hamburg State Opera.
 In 1898, Mahler took her to the Vienna Opera, where she established herself as one of the great stars during his celebrated tenure there as music director.
London 03.06.17  (alternatively titled London 03.06.17 [field day]) is an extended play by Irish-born electronic musician Richard D. James, released under the pseudonym AFX on 3 June 2017 on Warp.
 The EP was made available for sale in unknown limited numbers at the Field Day festival on the same day that Richard D. James performed there.
 The record sold out soon after its announcement.
 The EP was released with extra tracks on James' Bleep Store on 20 July 2017.
Rising Star Award (known from 2013 as EE Rising Star Award, previously known as Orange Rising Star Award) is one of the award categories for the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) which acknowledges new talents in the acting industry.
 The award was created after Mary Selway's death in 2004.
 She has been recognised for her successful role as a casting director and has helped many new actors and actresses to their claim to fame.
 The five nominees have been chosen regardless of gender, nationality and whether they have made a breakthrough in television, film or both.
 Despite the nominees being chosen by the BAFTA juries, the winner is chosen entirely by the public votes via text, internet or phone.
 This award was sponsored by Orange UK until 2012.
 From 2013, it was sponsored by EE.
 The first winner was James McAvoy in 2006.
Houston, TX 12.17.16 is an extended play by Irish-born electronic musician Richard D. James, released under the pseudonym Aphex Twin on 17 December 2016 on Warp.
 500 copies of the EP were made available for sale at the Day For Night festival on the same day that Richard D. James performed there.
Jolyon James is an Australian-born actor.
 He performed the role of the Moonshadow in Cat Stevens's musical of the same name which is played in Melbourne’s Princess Theatre for 12 weeks from 31 May 2012.
August Hirt (28 April 1898 – 2 June 1945) was an anatomist with Swiss and German nationality who served as a chairman at the Reich University in Strasbourg during World War II.
 He performed experiments with mustard gas on inmates at the Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp and played a lead role in the murders of 86 people at Natzweiler-Struthof for the Jewish skeleton collection.
 The skeletons of his victims were meant to become specimens at the Institute of anatomy in Strasbourg, but completion of the project was stopped by the progress of the war.
 He was an SS-Hauptsturmführer (captain) and in 1944, an SS-Sturmbannführer (major).
The Symphony No. 9 in D minor, Op.
 125, is the final complete symphony composed from 1822 to 1824 by the German composer Ludwig van Beethoven.
 It was first performed in Vienna on 7 May 1824.
 The symphony is one of the best-known works in common practice music.
 It is widely viewed by critics as one of Beethoven's greatest works, the pinnacle of musical Classicism, and one of the greatest compositions in the western musical canon.
 The symphony was the first example of a major composer using voices in a symphony (thus making it a choral symphony).
 The words are sung during the final movement by four vocal soloists and a chorus.
 They were taken from the "Ode to Joy", a poem written by Friedrich Schiller in 1785 and revised in 1803, with text additions made by the composer.
 In the 2010s, it stands as one of the most performed symphonies in the world.
