Black Clover (Japanese: ブラッククローバー , Hepburn: Burakku Kurōbā ) is a Japanese fantasy "shōnen" manga series written and illustrated by Yūki Tabata.
 The series is published in Shueisha's "Weekly Shōnen Jump" magazine in Japan, and Viz Media is publishing it in their "Weekly Shonen Jump" digital anthology magazine in the United States.
 The story centers around a young boy named Asta, seemingly born without any magic power, something that is unknown in the world he lives in.
 With his ambition, newfound abilities, and friends, he aims to be the Wizard king.
 An original video animation produced by Xebec had its first trailer released on November 27, 2016, while an anime television series adaptation by Pierrot to premiere on October 3, 2017.
Kyosuke Usuta (うすた 京介 , Usuta Kyōsuke , born May 25, 1974 in Kōshi, Kumamoto) is a Japanese manga artist.
 His best known works are "" which was published in "Weekly Shonen Jump" from 1995 to 1997 and which was adapted into a 48-episode anime series produced by Madhouse; and "Pyu to Fuku!
 Jaguar" which was also serialized in "Weekly Shonen Jump" between 2000 and 2010, adapted into an anime film and a live action movie in 2008.
Shonen Jump, officially stylized SHONEN JUMP and abbreviated SJ, is a "shōnen" manga anthology published in North America by Viz Media.
 It debuted in November 2002 with the first issue having a January 2003 cover date.
 Based on Shueisha's popular Japanese magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump", "Shonen Jump" is retooled for English readers and the American audience, including changing it from a weekly publication to a monthly one.
 It features serialized chapters from four manga series, and articles on Japanese language and culture, as well as manga, anime, video games, and figurines.
 Prior to the magazine's launch, Viz launched an extensive marketing campaign to promote it and help it succeed where previous manga anthologies published in North America had failed.
 Shueisha purchased an equity interest in Viz to help fund the venture, and Cartoon Network, Suncoast, and Diamond Distributors became promotional partners in the magazine.
Weekly Shonen Jump is a digital "shōnen" manga anthology published in North America by Viz Media, and the successor to their monthly print anthology "Shonen Jump".
 It began serialization on January 30, 2012 as Weekly Shonen Jump Alpha (officially stylized as "Weekly SHONEN JUMP αlpha" or "Weekly SHONEN JUMP Alpha"), with two free preview issues released in the buildup to its launch.
 Based on Shueisha's popular Japanese magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump", "Weekly Shonen Jump" is an attempt to provide English readers with easily accessible, affordable, and officially licensed editions of the latest installments of popular "Shōnen Jump" manga soon after their release in Japan, as an alternative to popular bootleg scanlation services.
Nisekoi (ニセコイ , lit.
 "Fake Love") , released in English as Nisekoi: False Love, is a Japanese romantic comedy manga series written and illustrated by Naoshi Komi.
 "Nisekoi" was first published as a one-shot manga in Shueisha's seasonal "Jump NEXT!
" magazine before being serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Jump".
 Since November 26, 2012, "Nisekoi" has been published in English in Viz Media's digital magazine, "Weekly Shonen Jump".
 As of October 2016, the series has been compiled in 25 "tankōbon" volumes in Japan, and is also being released in English in digital and print volumes by Viz Media.
 The manga has inspired a novel series, titled "Nisekoi: Urabana", written by Hajime Tanaka and published by Shueisha.
 There have been two volumes published, on June 4 and December 28, 2013.
The "Naruto" manga is written by Masashi Kishimoto and is published by Shueisha in the "Weekly Shōnen Jump" magazine, in twenty-page installments.
 The first chapter of "Naruto" was published in the issue 43 from 1999, continuing to more than seven hundred chapters in all.
 The "Naruto" manga is serialized in North America by Viz Media in their manga anthology magazine "Shonen Jump", with the first chapter of the English adaptation published in the January 2003 issue.
 The "Naruto" manga is split in two parts to divide the storyline; the first part, Part I, covers the first two hundred thirty-eight chapters of the series.
 Part II of the "Naruto" storyline begins at the two hundred forty-fifth chapter, and takes place two and a half years after the end of Part I.
 The six chapters between Part I and Part II form a gaiden taking place before the regular storyline, called the "Kakashi Chronicles" (カカシ外伝 , "Kakashi gaiden" ) .
 An anime adaptation of the series, produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo, was aired on TV Tokyo, with the first episode shown on October 3, 2002.
 The last episode of the "Naruto" anime aired on February 8, 2007, with the anime adaptation of Part II, known as "", to replace it.
Cross Manage (クロス・マネジ Kurosu Maneji) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by KAITO.
 Cross Manage was originally published as a one-shot in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" before beginning serialization in the magazine on September 17, 2012, and ending on July 22, 2013.
 The series is also published in North America in English through Viz Media's digital manga anthology, "Weekly Shonen Jump".
Rosario + Vampire (ロザリオとバンパイア , Rozario to Banpaia , literally « rosary and vampire ») is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akihisa Ikeda.
 The story revolves around Tsukune Aono, a boy who inadvertently enrolls in a boarding school for monsters.
 He quickly befriends Moka Akashiya, a vampire who soon develops an obsession with his blood, and later meets other monster girls who soon take a romantic liking to him.
 The manga was serialized in "Monthly Shonen Jump" starting with the August 2004 issue, and ending with the June 2007 issue.
 A bonus chapter was published in "Weekly Shonen Jump" in September 2007.
 Ten tankōbon volumes were compiled and released from October 2004 to October 2007.
The chapters of the Japanese manga series Psyren are written and illustrated by Toshiaki Iwashiro.
 It is published in Japan by Shueisha, and has been serialized in the shōnen manga magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump" since the 3 December 2007 issue.
 Publication is completed, with serial chapters having been collected into six tankōbon volumes as of June 2009.
 The series is about the adventures of a high school student named Ageha Yoshina, who learns to develop his psychic abilities after being transported to a world named Psyren.
 On October 04, 2011, the first volume of Psyren was released in the US by Viz Media's Shonen Jump.
This is a list of chapters for the Japanese manga series "Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo" and the spinoff series "Shinsetsu Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo", both written and illustrated by Yoshio Sawai and serialized in "Weekly Shonen Jump".
 The series was licensed for an English-language release in the United States and Canada by Viz Media, who chose to release a single stand alone released an interlude in the series.
 The volume was released under their "SJ Advanced" label on November 8, 2005.
 The next American release of "Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo" would begin serialization in "Shonen Jump" in July 2007 with chapter 110, with Viz then releasing the Japanese volume 11 as volume 1 under Viz's normal Shonen Jump imprint.
