Jennifer Yvonne McFalls (born November 10, 1971) is a retired professional softball player who played for Texas A&M and then went on to the U.S. National Softball Team.
 After her years playing softball McFalls decided to become a coach with her first position as the assistant coach at Texas A&M.
 Mcfalls continued to coach for many years with several different schools at many different competitive levels.
 She was the head coach of the National Pro Fastpitch professional softball team, the Dallas Charge for their inaugural season.
Andrew Jefferson Offutt (August 16, 1934 – April 30, 2013) was an American science fiction and fantasy author.
 He wrote as Andrew J. Offutt, A. J. Offutt, and Andy Offutt.
 His normal byline, andrew j. offutt, has all his name in lower-case letters.
 He also wrote erotica under seventeen different pseudonyms, principally John Cleve, John Denis, Jeff Morehead, and Turk Winter.
 He is the father of novelist Chris Offutt and professor Jeff Offutt.
Andrew J. Elliot (born 1962) is a professor of psychology at the University of Rochester.
 His research on the hierarchical model of approach and avoidance motivation focuses on combining classic and contemporary methods to test various theories.
 Elliot's work in social psychology is cited frequently by those in the field, causing him to be named one of Thomson Reuters' ISI Highly Cited for the Social Sciences in 2010.
Yoga, rather than being the name for a singular lineage or even a specific practice, is a bracket term that covers a number of methodologies, each with a number of schools.
 Within the major branches of yoga such as haṭha, lāya, rāja, jñāna, and bhakti there are many different schools and lineages, both extant and defunct.
 Since the late 19th century, a great number of distinct new styles of "Yoga" have been introduced by individual teachers.
 There are also a number of schools and traditions that are occasionally referred to as yoga or yogic for their similar practices despite having no foundation in the Indian tradition such as Shin Shin Tōitsu-dō, and Daoyin.
Hojōjutsu (捕縄術), or Torinawajutsu (捕縄術), or just Nawajutsu (縄術), is the traditional Japanese martial art of restraining a person using cord or rope (said "nawa" 縄 in Japanese).
 Encompassing many different materials, techniques and methods from many different schools, Hojōjutsu is a quintessentially Japanese art that is a unique product of Japanese history and culture.
Neigong, also spelled "nei kung", "neigung", or "nae gong", refers to any of a set of Chinese breathing, meditation and spiritual practice disciplines associated with Daoism and especially the Chinese martial arts.
 Neigong practice is normally associated with the so-called "soft style", "internal" or neijia 內家 Chinese martial arts, as opposed to the category known as waigong 外功 or "external skill" which is historically associated with shaolinquan or the so-called "hard style", "external" or wàijiā 外家 Chinese martial arts.
 Both have many different schools, disciplines and practices and historically there has been mutual influence between the two and distinguishing precisely between them differs from school to school.
Archives of Scientific Psychology is an open access academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.
 The journal publishes a wide variety of articles pertaining to the many different sub-fields of psychology, such as neuroscience and political psychology.
 The journal includes articles that cover the many different research methodologies employed by psychologists.
 The current editors-in-chief are Cecil R. Reynolds (Texas A&M University) and Gary R. VandenBos (American Psychological Association).
In linguistics, the affix grammars over a finite lattice (AGFL) formalism is a notation for context-free grammars with finite set-valued features, acceptable to linguists of many different schools.
Michael Bayne is an athletic coach who has led teams in many sports, and in schools all across North and South Carolina.
 He served as the Head Golf Coach and Special Teams Coordinator at Brevard College from 2006 until 2010, where he then worked as the Head Track, Cross Country and Lacrosse Coach and Special Teams Coordinator for North Greenville University.
 He grew up in South Carolina, receiving his B.A. Degree from University of South Carolina in 1980.
 Bayne has provided services as the Head and Assistant Coach for many different schools and team sports, from 1984 to the present.
 In addition to his coaching career, Michael Bayne has been an upstanding educator and administrator.
Black River High School can refer to many different schools.
