The Cabinet of Bluhme may refer to 2 Danish cabinets formed by Prime Minister Christian Albrecht Bluhme:
The Schleswig-Holstein Question (German: "Schleswig-Holsteinische Frage" ; Danish: "Spørgsmålet om Sønderjylland og Holsten" ) was a complex set of diplomatic and other issues arising in the 19th century from the relations of two duchies, Schleswig (Danish: "Sønderjylland/Slesvig" ) and Holstein (Danish: "Holsten" ), to the Danish crown and to the German Confederation.
 The British statesman Lord Palmerston is reported to have said: “Only three people have ever really understood the Schleswig-Holstein business—the Prince Consort, who is dead—a German professor, who has gone mad—and I, who have forgotten all about it."
Christian Albrecht Jensen (26 June 1792 – 13 July 1870) was a Danish portrait painter who was active during the Golden Age of Danish Painting in the first half of the 19th century.
 Painting more than 400 portraits over the course of his career, he depicted most of the leading figures of the Danish Golden Age, including the writer Hans Christian Andersen, the painter Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg, the sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen, the physicist Hans Christian Ørsted and the theologian N. F. S. Grundtvig.
The First Schleswig War (German: "Schleswig-Holsteinischer Krieg" ) or Three Years' War (Danish: "Treårskrigen" ) was the first round of military conflict in southern Denmark and northern Germany rooted in the Schleswig-Holstein Question, contesting the issue of who should control the Duchies of Schleswig and Holstein.
 The war, which lasted from 1848 to 1851, also involved troops from Prussia and Sweden.
 Ultimately, under international pressure, the Prussians had to withdraw their forces.
 As a result, the war ended in a Danish victory over the rebels.
 A second conflict, the Second Schleswig War, erupted in 1864.
A front line (alternative forms: front-line or frontline) in military terminology is the position(s) closest to the area of conflict of an armed force's personnel and equipment, generally referring to maritime or land forces.
 When a front (an intentional or unintentional boundary) between opposing sides form, the front line is the area where the armies are engaged in conflict, especially the line of contact between the opposing forces.
 In a military conflict, then, when facing the front line, you face the enemy.
The Burmese–Siamese War (1765–1767) (Burmese: ယိုးဒယား-မြန်မာစစ် (၁၇၆၅–၁၇၆၇) ; Thai: สงครามคราวเสียกรุงศรีอยุธยาครั้งที่สอง , lit.
 "war of the second fall of Ayutthaya") was the second military conflict between the Konbaung Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) and the Ban Phlu Luang Dynasty of Siam (Thailand), and the war that ended the four-century-old Siamese kingdom.
 Nonetheless, the Burmese were soon forced to give up their hard-won gains when the Chinese invasions of their homeland forced a complete withdrawal by the end of 1767.
 A new Siamese dynasty, to which the current Thai monarchy traces its origins, emerged to reunify Siam by 1770.
Christian Albrecht Bluhme (27 December 1794 – 6 November 1866) was Prime Minister of Denmark 1852–1853 as head of the Cabinet of Bluhme I (the "January Cabinet") and again 1864–1865 as head of the Cabinet of Bluhme II.
 He led the country during the latter part of the Second Schleswig War.
Christian Albrecht von Benzon (11 July 1816, Copenhagen - 3 September 1849, Paris) was a Danish painter.
Christian Albrecht, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg
The Second Schleswig War (Danish: "2.
 Slesvigske Krig" ; German: "Deutsch-Dänischer Krieg" ) was the second military conflict as a result of the Schleswig-Holstein Question.
 It began on 1 February 1864, when Prussian forces crossed the border into Schleswig.
