A.M.A.N., is a Greek television parody show and the natural continuation of another TV show called "Comfusio" that was aired by ERT3 in the early 1990s.
 A.M.A.N began after the death of their friend and broadcaster Antonis Pararas and the capital letters translates the word "Αντώνη Μας Άφησες Νωρίς" which means "Antoni you left us early".
 A.M.A.N. began in May 1997 at Mega Channel, but only 9 episodes were aired.
 Since October 1997 and up until 2000, the show was broadcast by ANT1 television.
 The hosts were Antonis Kanakis (Αντώνης Κανάκης) and Sotiris Kalivatsis (Σωτήρης Καλυβάτσης), with a variety of supporting players, most notable Giannis Servettas (Γιάννης Σερβέτας).
 Spin-offs of the show were the series "A.M.A.N. Ta Katharmata" (originally an unrelated show to A.M.A.N., but later mutated into a spin-off/continuation of "A.M.A.N."), "Oi Treis Files", "Haivania 3-0" and "Giannis o omorfos".
Sheriff Andrew "Andy" Jackson Taylor and in earlier episodes as Cousin Andy by Barney Fife is the major character on "The Andy Griffith Show", an American sitcom which aired on CBS, (1960–1968).
 He also appears in the "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." episode "Opie Joins the Marines", made a cameo appearance in the USMC episode "Gomer Goes Home," five episodes of "Mayberry R.F.D." (1968–1971) and the reunion telemovie "Return to Mayberry" (1986).
 The character made his initial appearance in an episode of "The Danny Thomas Show" entitled "Danny Meets Andy Griffith."
 In the CBS special "The Andy Griffith - Don Knotts - Jim Nabors Show" (1965), Andy and Barney are featured in a musical sketch about their friendship and recreate some classic moments between the characters.
 Andy Griffith, as Sheriff Taylor, also has a brief comedy cameo in "Rowan and Martin at the Movies" (1969), a PSA short subject promoting the purchase of U.S. Savings Bonds.
 Andy Taylor appeared in all 249 episodes of "The Andy Griffith Show" and was played by comedian and actor Andy Griffith.
Seven Second Delay is a radio show broadcast on radio station WFMU.
 It has been hosted by Ken Freedman and Andy Breckman since the early 1990s.
 Will Baum and David Newgarden were Andy's cohosts of the show previous to Ken but David only did a handful of shows and Will did maybe a dozen at the most.
 Andy started as host filling in for Chris T's Aerial View (which would later be on Fridays.)
 The show is described as "on air radio stunts."
 Ken & Andy come up with a typically fairly flimsy concept, normally involving some combination of listeners phoning in and/or prank phone calls, which are comical mostly due to their complete failure.
Andrew "Andy" O'Brien is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Ross Davidson.
 One of the original characters created for the series, Andy made his first appearance one month after the show first broadcast, in the 10th episode on 21 March 1985.
 Portrayed as altruistic and middle-classed, Andy and his girlfriend Debbie were an attempt to represent gentrification of the East End.
 Despite Davidson claiming that there had been plans for his character, Andy became the first regular character in "EastEnders" to be killed-off.
 Davidson claimed this was due to an altercation between himself and Executive Producer and show creator, Julia Smith.
 His death scene aired in August 1986.
Charles James Correll (February 2, 1890 – September 26, 1972) was an American radio comedian, best known for his work on the "Amos 'n' Andy" show with Freeman F. Gosden.
 Correll voiced the central character of Andy Brown, along with various supporting characters.
 Correll was born in Peoria, Illinois.
 Before teaming up with Gosden, he worked as a stenographer and a bricklayer.
 The two men met in Durham, North Carolina while working for the Joe Bren Producing Company.
 Both Correll and Freeman vacationed at Lake Geneva, Wisconsin in the 1930s and would broadcast "Amos 'n' Andy" from there.
 From 1928 to 1934, the team never took a vacation away from their radio show.
 To celebrate the 30th anniversary of "Amos 'n' Andy" on the air, the broadcast of March 19, 1958 was done by Correll and Gosden using their real voices and calling each other by their real names; this had never been done on the show before.
Rock'N'Roll Show 2008 is the first live DVD by Japanese rock act Superfly.
 The two-disk box set features a recording of the NHK Hall stop on her "Rock'N'Roll Show 2008" concert tour, a recording of a free concert held at Yoyogi Park, as well as Shiho Ochi's trip to San Francisco to become closer to her idol Janis Joplin by meeting with Sam Andrew and other members of Big Brother and the Holding Company.
 The DVD peaked at 16 on the Oricon's DVD charts, and remained on the charts for 19 weeks.
Tyshane Thompson, currently known as Beam and formerly Tyshane and Elite, is an American hip hop producer.
 In addition to his solo work, he formed the production duo 808&Elite with Matt Massaro.
 He is the son of dancehall and gospel reggae pioneer Papa San.
 According to Thompson's father, he started producing at age ten.
 He first received notice when he produced for Andy Mineo on the tracks "Young", featuring KB, and "Michael Jackson", featuring Thi'sl, Rich Perez, R-Swift, and Bubba Watson, from the album "Formerly Known" in 2011.
 In 2012 he produced the highly popular, Jamaican-tinged song "Black Rose" by Lecrae on the mixtape "Church Clothes".
 He also appeared in the final episode of the web-series "Saturday Morning Car-Tunez", created by Andy Mineo, where he helped remix the Puff Daddy song "It's All About the Benjamins".
 On July 6, 2012, Thompson and Matt Massaro, under the name 808&Elite, released the single "Me Monster", featuring Andy Mineo, from their upcoming beat-tape, "Diamonds x Pearls".
 The tape was made available two days later for free download exclusively through the Christian hip-hop website Rapzilla.
 Thompson's talent was praised by critics when he and ThaInnaCircle produced the bass-heavy, East Coast style, reggae and dancehall-influenced song "Violence" by Lecrae from the Grammy-winning album "Gravity", released on September 4, 2012.
 In October, 2012, Thompson competed at the second Annual Rapzilla.com Beat Battle at the 2012 Flavor Fest.
 Thompson, his father Papa San and brother Tyrone Andrew, are working on a collaborative project.
 808 & Elite now produces under Street Symphony's Track or Die label.
 In addition to his work with his father and brother, Lecrae, and Andy Mineo, Tyshane has produced, both independently and as part of 808 & Elite, for artists such as 2 Chainz, Yo Gotti, Tedashii, Tracy T, SPZRKT, GABRL, and KIDD.
Andrew "Andy" Spade is an American entrepreneur who is the co-founder of Partners & Spade, along with Anthony Sperduti.
 He is the brother of actor/comedian David Spade.
Andrew "Andy" Barrett is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Home and Away", played by Tai Hara.
 The character made his first screen appearance on 28 August 2013.
 Hara relocated to Sydney to take on the role.
 Kyle Pryor who plays fellow character Nate Cooper originally auditioned for the role.
 Andy and his half-brother Josh (Jackson Gallagher) were introduced to viewers through a series of online webisodes titled "Home and Away Extras", prior to appearing in the main series.
 Andy is characterised as a troubled man because of his upbringing and disappearance of his father.
 Hara has described his character as "extremely unpredictable" and very protective of his brother.
 Andy has spent time in prison and causes trouble from his first episode.
 Andy's initial storyline was a feud with the Braxton family which had been ongoing before he was born.
 Through this story, writers involved Andy in crimes ranging from fights and car chases to explosions and shootings.
 Hara announced he would be departing from the show on 22 February 2016, after over three years in the role and Andy made his final appearance on 5 July 2016.
Bill Hay was an American radio announcer who was famous for his many years of work on the "Amos 'n' Andy" show with Charles J. Correll and Freeman F. Gosden.
 Gosden and Correll had a show similar to "Amos 'n' Andy" called "Sam 'n' Henry" at radio station WGN in Chicago, but after a dispute in 1927, they took the program's concept and WGN announcer Bill Hay across town to WMAQ.
 The "Amos 'n' Andy" team created the first syndicated radio show in history.
 The sponsor of "Amos 'n' Andy", Pepsodent, contractually stipulated that no one but Bill Hay was ever to announce their show.
