Hayward Executive Airport (IATA: HWD, ICAO: KHWD, FAA LID: HWD) is a city owned public airport located in Hayward, California, United States.
 The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a "reliever airport".
 The towered airport near the east shore of San Francisco Bay was formerly the Hayward Air Terminal.
Miami-Opa Locka Executive Airport (IATA: OPF, ICAO: KOPF, FAA LID: OPF) (formerly Opa-locka Airport and Opa-locka Executive Airport until 2014) is in Miami-Dade County, Florida 11 miles north of downtown Miami.
 Part of the airport is in the city limits of Opa-locka.
 The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 called it a general aviation "reliever airport".
Toledo Executive Airport (IATA: TDZ, ICAO: KTDZ, FAA LID: TDZ) is seven miles southeast of Toledo, in Wood County, Ohio.
 It is an FAA designated reliever to Toledo Express Airport (TOL), which is Toledo's primary airport.
 Toledo Executive Airport was renamed from Metcalf Field in 2010.
Bolton Field (ICAO: KTZR, FAA LID: TZR) is a public airport eight miles (13 km) southwest of Columbus, in Franklin County, Ohio.
 It is a towered airport operated under the Columbus Regional Airport Authority.
 It is one of 12 general aviation reliever airports in Ohio recognized in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems (NPIAS) and is a reliever airport for John Glenn Columbus International Airport.
Air Vegas (IATA: 6V, ICAO: VGA, Call sign: Air Vegas) was an airline with its headquarters on the grounds of the North Las Vegas Air Terminal in North Las Vegas, Nevada.
 It operated daily sightseeing flights from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon.
 Prior to moving to the North Las Vegas Airport its main bases were McCarran International Airport (LAS), Las Vegas and Henderson Executive Airport (HND), Las Vegas.
Indianapolis Executive Airport (ICAO: KTYQ, FAA LID: TYQ) is a public airport at 11329 E. State Road 32, five miles north of Zionsville, just west of Jolietville in Boone County, Indiana, United States.
 The airport is owned by the Hamilton County Airport Authority.
 It is 14 miles (23 km) northwest of downtown Indianapolis and is a reliever airport for Indianapolis International Airport.
Raleigh Exec: The Raleigh Executive Jetport @ Sanford-Lee County or Raleigh Exec Jetport at Sanford-Lee CountyFAA Airport Master Record for TTA (Form 5010 ) (ICAO: KTTA, FAA LID: TTA) is a public use airport located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) northeast of the central business district of Sanford, a city in Lee County, North Carolina, United States.
 It is owned by the Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport Authority and was previously known as Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport.
 This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "reliever airport" for Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
Dallas Executive Airport (IATA: RBD, ICAO: KRBD, FAA LID: RBD) , formerly Redbird Airport, is a public airport six miles (10 km) southwest of Downtown Dallas, in Dallas County, Texas.
 The airport is used for general aviation and is a reliever airport for Dallas Love Field.
 In 2013, the Commemorative Air Force announced that they would build a "National Airbase" at Executive which would include their headquarters and main museum, both of which would be moved from Midland.
The Miami-Dade Aviation Department (MDAD) is an agency of the Miami-Dade County government that manages airports.
 As of 2013 Emilio T. Gonzalez is the director of the agency.
 It operates Miami International Airport, a passenger airport, and four general aviation airports.
 The other airports are Miami-Opa Locka Executive Airport, Miami Executive Airport, Miami Homestead General Aviation Airport, and Dade-Collier Training and Transition Airport.
 The executive offices are located at Miami International Airport.
Henderson Executive Airport (IATA: HSH, ICAO: KHND, FAA LID: HND) is a public airport located 11 NM south of the central business district of Las Vegas, in Clark County, Nevada, United States.
 The airport is owned by Clark County and operated by the Clark County Department of Aviation.
 According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009-2013, it is categorized as a "reliever airport".
 It was originally known as Sky Harbor Airport, but was renamed in 1996 when it was purchased by Clark County to be used as a reliever airport for McCarran International Airport.
