The Pattole Palame, a collection of Kodava folksongs and traditions compiled in the early 1900s by Nadikerianda Chinnappa, was first published in 1924.
 The most important Kodava literature, it is said to be one of the earliest, if not the earliest, collection of the folklore of a community in an Indian language.
 Family histories, rituals and other records were scripted on palm leaves by astrologers.
 These ancient, scripted leaves called Pattole (patt=silk, ole=like) are still preserved at Kodava Aine manes.
 Palame was the name for the hereditary oral tradition of folk songs and ballads among the Coorgs (Kodavas).
 The fourth edition of the Pattole Palame was published in 2002 by the Karnataka Kodava Sahitya Academy.
 Nearly two thirds of the book consists of folksongs that were handed down orally through generations.
 Many of these songs are sung even today during marriage and death ceremonies, during our festivals relating to the seasons and during festivals in honour of local deities and heroes.
 Traditionally known as "Balo Pat", these songs are sung by four men who beat dudis as they sing.
 The songs have haunting melodies and evoke memories of times long past.
 Kodava folk dances are performed to the beat of many of these songs.
The SoLow Project is the solo album vocal bassist Barry Carl released after retiring from the a cappella group Rockapella.
 The album consists of 20 songs split into four sections: Seven Spirituals for Two Basses, a selection of Negro spirituals; Four Sea Chanties; Quatre Chansons de Don Quichotte, a collection of songs by French composer Jacques Ibert written for the 1933 G.W. Pabst film "Don Quixote"; and The Songs and Dances of Death, a song cycle written by Modest Mussorgsky.
"Land of a Thousand Dances" (or "Land of 1000 Dances") is a song written and first recorded by Chris Kenner in 1962.
 The song is famous for its "na na na na na" hook, which Cannibal & the Headhunters added in their 1965 version, which reached number 30 on the "Billboard" chart.
 Thee Midniters, an American group out of East Los Angeles, was one of the first Chicano rock bands to cover "Land of a Thousand Dances", scoring a local hit in 1965.
 The song was also covered by Danny & the Memories, British group The Action, Ted Nugent, and the stars of the 1980s-era World Wrestling Federation.
 The song's best-known version was Wilson Pickett's 1966 recording, which became a Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs No. 1 and his biggest ever pop hit.
 Some releases of the song credit Antoine "Fats" Domino as a co-author of the song with Kenner.
 Domino agreed to record the song in exchange for half of the song's royalties.
 One of the earliest covers of the song is on Major Lance's debut album on Okeh, "The Monkey Time" (1963).
Yup'ik dancing (or dance) or Yuraq, also Yuraqing (Yup'ik "yuraq" /juʁaq/ "yurak" "yurat" ) is a traditional Eskimo style dancing form usually performed to songs in Yup'ik, with dances choreographed for specific songs which the Yup'ik people of southwestern Alaska.
 Also known as Cup'ik dance for the Chevak Cup'ik dialect speaking Eskimos of Chevak and Cup'ig dance for the Nunivak Cup'ig dialect speaking Eskimos of Nunivak Island.
 Yup'ik dancing is set up in a very specific and cultural format.
 Typically, the men are in the front, kneeling and the women stand in the back.
 The drummers are in the very back of the dance group.
 Dance is the heart of Yup’ik spiritual and social life.
 Every song has a story behind it and some songs is either about hunting or berry picking.
 Some songs could be about sports or other things that don't really relate to hunting.
 Traditional dancing in the qasgiq is a communal activity in Yup’ik tradition.
 The mask ("kegginaquq") was a central element in Yup'ik ceremonial dancing.
Arseny Arkadyevich Golenishchev-Kutuzov (Russian: Арсе́ний Арка́дьевич Голени́щев-Куту́зов ; ] ; 1848–1913), was a Russian poet known in part for writing the texts of Modest Mussorgsky's two song cycles of the 1870s: "Sunless" and "Songs and Dances of Death".
Shqiponjat ("The Eagles") is a popular Italo-Albanian folk group based in Santa Sofia d'Epiro, Calabria, Italy.
 The group was created in 1994 by women to support and spread the "Arbëreshë" culture of their home town through traditional dresses, dances such as Arbëreshë, Valle Pogonishte, Valle, Dardhare, Lulet e Sheshit and songs like Valle Dardhare, Valle Valle and Kosovare.
 The group has gained popularity and has won festivals , touring in Italy and once in Albania.
American Indian Dance Theatre is a professional performing arts company presenting the dances and songs of Native Americans in the United States and the First Nations of Canada.
 The group was founded in 1987 with Hanay Geiogamah as director and Barbara Schwei as producer.
 Raoul Trujillo served as choreographer and co-director.
 The group includes members from many different tribal backgrounds.
 It made its New York City debut in 1989 in Manhattan's Joyce Theater.
 In 1990 and 1993, the group was featured in PBS' "Great Performances" segments.
Székelyfonó ("The Spinning Room") is a one-act theatre piece with music by Zoltán Kodály from Hungarian folk songs.
 The work is described as ‘Daljáték egy felvonásban’, folk songs in one act.
 First created in 1924 as a short cabaret with a small accompanying orchestral ensemble, Kodály expanded the work, with mime but without dialogue for a full production at the Royal Hungarian Opera House, Budapest in 1932.
 The songs and dances are taken from Transylvanian folk music, and include spinning choruses and musical pictures representing death, burial, betrothal and marriage folk-rituals.
 The work is sometimes referred to as "The Transylvanian Spinning Room" in English.
Ura is one of the popular traditional dances of the Cook Islands, a Maori sacred ritual usually performed by a female who moves her body to tell a story, accompanied by intense drumming by at least five drummers.
 Moving the hips, legs and hands give off different gestures to the audience to tell a tale, typically related to the natural landscape such as the ocean and birds and flowers, but also feelings of love and sadness.
 The ura dance has three distinct components; the ura pa'u (drum dances), korero (legends) and kaparima (action songs).
 To perform the ura, women typically wear a "pareu" and a "kikau" (grass) skirt, with flowers and shell headbands and necklaces known as "ei".
 Men during the dance are said to "vigorously flap their knees in a semi-crouched position while holding their upper bodies steady", and they typically wear "kikau" skirts and headbands.
 The drumming group, an integral part of the Ura, typically consists of a lead drummer ("pate taki"), support lead ("pate takirua"), a double player ("tokere" or "pate akaoro") playing wooden gongs, and two other players playing skin drums ("pa'u" and "mango").
 The finest performances of the Ura are put on in Rarotonga.
Jongo, also known as "caxambu" or "tabu", is a dance and musical genre of black communities from southeast Brazil.
 It originated from the dances performed by slaves who worked at coffee plantations in the Paraíba Valley, between Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo, and also at farms in some areas of Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo.
 Jongo is a member of a larger group of Afro-Brazilian dances, such as "batuque", "tambor de crioula", and "zambê", which feature many elements in common, including the use of fire-tuned drums, the call-and-response form of group singing, the poetical language used in the songs, and the "umbigada", a distinctive step whereby two dancers hit their bellies .
