K. S. Bhavani Shankar (born 16 October 1965), is an Indian Mridangam player, music composer and film actor known for his accompanying skills for Indian classical music and Dance.
 He was chosen Best Accompanying artist in 1983, from Bangalore Gayana Samaj.
 He was conferred the title "Mridanga Chatura" in 1984 by the Bangalore Gayana Samaj.
 In 1996, he was awarded an Arts Council of England travel grant, the highest award given to traditional artists and musicians to perform outside UK.
Antha 7 Naatkal (read as ""Antha Ezhu Naatkal""; English: "Those Seven Days" ) is a 1981 Tamil language film.
 Directed by and starred in by K. Bhagyaraj, the movie follows the life and ambitions of the hero, Palakkad Madhavan played by K. Bhagyaraj and his sidekick Gopi (child actor Khaja Sharif).
 The movie was a great hit and very well received by the public.
 It was remade in to the Telugu as "Radha Kalyanam" and then made in Hindi as "Woh Saat Din".
Bhaskar, popularly known as Bommarillu Bhaskar, is a Telugu film director.
 In his early career, he worked as associate director on films "Bhadra" and "Arya".
 His directorial debut "Bommarillu" starring Siddarth Narayan and Genelia D'souza was a blockbuster, which earned him two Nandi Awards, for best debut director and best original screenplay.
 His next venture, "Parugu" starring Allu Arjun was a box office hit. "
Orange" starring Ram Charan was his next film, which gained mixed response.
 His fourth film was "Ongole Githa" a revenge drama which was a box office and critical failure.
 His latest Tamil film Bangalore Naatkal starring Arya, Rana Daggubati, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Sri Divya, Bobby Simha was released in 2016 and had mixed responses.
Jim Ankan Deka (; born 1 June 1980) is an Assamese musician, documentary film maker, photographer and director of Bangalore based organisation and music school Eastern Fare Music Foundation.
 He is the first Assamese to open a music institute and a production house in Bangalore, India.
 He won multiple awards for his song "Aawaz - speak up against sexual violence" based on the 2012 Delhi gang rape incident.
Perumal Venkatesan aka PeeVee (1979, Villupuram, Tamil Nadu, India) is a people photographer and creative entrepreneur based in Bangalore, India.
 He co-founded the Thalam website.
 a creative space, both in Bangalore.
 His photography works have been published in various Indian and international media.
 His work has also been exhibited at art galleries across India.
Bangalore Naatkal (English: "Bangalore Days" ) is a 2016 Indian Tamil comedy-drama film directed by Bommarillu Bhaskar, which is a remake of the 2014 Malayalam film "Bangalore Days" written and directed by Anjali Menon.
 Featuring an ensemble cast consisting of Arya, Bobby Simha and Sri Divya in the lead roles, it tells the story of three cousins who live their childhood dream of living and enjoying in the city of Bangalore.
 It also stars Rana Daggubati, Raai Laxmi, Parvathy and Samantha in other pivotal roles.
 Produced by Prasad V Potluri under his banner PVP cinema, the film released on 5 February 2016.
 Unlike the original, this movie received mixed reviews and failed at the box office, with critics and fans drawing comparisons with the original.
Ankur Betageri (born 18 November 1983 in Bangalore, Karnataka) is an Indian poet, fiction writer, photographer and arts activist.
 He currently teaches English at Bharati College, University of Delhi.
 In 2012, he was named as one of the ten best writers in the country by the English daily Indian Express.
 He holds a Masters in Clinical Psychology from Christ University, Bangalore.
 Betageri is also known for founding the public arts and activist platform, Hulchul, whose artistic interventions in reclaiming Public Spaces like public washrooms and roadside walls, and the use of art to transform the everyday urban life have been widely appreciated.
 As a poet he has represented India at The III International Delphic Games (2009) at Jeju, South Korea, and Lit Up Writers Festival (2010) at Singapore.
Ranga Shankara is one of Bangalore's well known theatres.
 It is located in the south Bangalore area of J.P Nagar and is run by the Sanket Trust.
 The auditorium, which opened in 2004, was envisioned by Arundathi Nag, in remembrance of her late husband, Shankar Nag, who was a renowned actor in the Kannada film industry.
Regret Iyer alias Satyanarayana Iyer (born 28 September 1950) is a writer, photographer, publisher and regret slip collector, residing in Bangalore, India.
 He was instrumental in finding the largest Banyan Tree in India, the Thimmamma Marrimanu and record the fact in Guinness World Records 1989.
t
Saad Khan, born in Mumbai, India, is an Indian film director, screenwriter, acting teacher, founder and creative head of Centerstage, a new wave media movement based in Bangalore that promotes new artists in the city.
 He has worked in Bollywood as an Associate Director to Oscar nominated filmmaker Ashutosh Gowariker.
 Saad made Bangalore's first Hindi feature film "", independently produced by Sumit Ghosh and released across India by PVR Director's Rare as well as in Indonesia; the film received positive reviews and has all newcomers acting alongside established Bollywood actor, Gulshan Grover.
 In 2008, Khan's short film "Another Kind of Black" was screened in Cannes Film Festival.
