The Country Music Greats Radio Show, now branded as the Pure American Country Radio Show, is a syndicated radio program recorded in Nashville, Tennessee.
 The show began in 2003 and has steadily grown, covering the United States with nearly 200 affiliate stations.
 The "Country Music Greats Radio Show" was hosted by Grand Ole Opry legend Jim Ed Brown from its inception until shortly before his death in 2015.
 Since Brown's death, Bill Cody has hosted the now-rebranded program.
 Brown’s 50 plus years in the music business provided inside knowledge and first-hand accounts of the legends of country music.
Radioresepsjonen (Eng.
 "lit."
 "The radio reception") is a Norwegian radio show.
 From 2006 to 2013, it was broadcast on NRK P3, a radio station targeting the youth.
 Since 2014, it has been broadcast on NRK P13, which is aimed at a more adult audience than NRK P3.
 The show is hosted by brothers Steinar Sagen (host) and Tore Sagen (technician), and Bjarte Tjøstheim (sidekick).
 The show is very popular in Norway, and has developed cult status amongst a broad audience.
 The show is the most podcasted radio show in Norway, with over 200.000 downloads each month.
 Besides their radio show the trio has also had success with other live shows, TV-shows and podcasts.
Cranked Up Live"®" - Is a syndicated weekly 3 hour hard rock radio show and 1 hour hard rock video show hosted by Curtis McKinney and Brad Hennington.
 The radio show is a combination of music, comedy, talk, and interviews along with the 'Advice from the Desk of Mr. Holland', the 'Cranked Up Five', 'Psycho Picks', 'Block of Rock', and the 'Joke of the Week'.
 The video show is a compressed version of the radio show made from video recorded while making the radio show.
 Cranked Up Live is heard on over 50 FM, AM, and Digital Broadcasting stations.
Jonathan Stephen Ross, OBE (born 17 November 1960) is an English television and radio presenter, film critic, actor and comedian best known for presenting the BBC One chat show "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" during the 2000s.
 Ross also hosted his own radio show on BBC Radio 2, and acted as a film critic and presenter of the "Film" programme.
 After leaving the BBC, Ross then began hosting a new chat show on ITV, "The Jonathan Ross Show".
 Other regular roles have included being a regular panellist on the comedy sports quiz "They Think It's All Over" and being a regular presenter of the British Comedy Awards.
The Sean Hannity Show is a talk radio show hosted by Sean Hannity on Cumulus Media Networks (formerly ABC Radio Networks) and Premiere Radio Networks.
 The program is broadcast live every weekday, 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. ET.
 The show is produced in the New York City studios of radio station WOR or sometimes transmitted via ISDN from Hannity's home in Centre Island, New York.
 The show is syndicated by Cumulus Media Networks on terrestrial radio affiliates across the United States and the Sirius XM Patriot channel found on both XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio Monday through Friday from 3-6 p.m. (Eastern Time).
 The primary focus is the politics of the day, with regular interviews of liberal commentators, such as Leslie Marshall and Bob Beckel, as well as noted conservatives.
 "The Sean Hannity Show" is the second most-listened to commercial radio show with millions of listeners, behind only "The Rush Limbaugh Show".
The Vincent Lopez Show, also known as Vincent Lopez Speaking, is an American musical television program hosted by Vincent Lopez and broadcast on the DuMont Television Network, and later on CBS Television.
 The latter title is a take-off on Lopez's introduction on his longtime radio show: "Lopez speaking!"
Paul Westcott (born April 22) is a Marketing and Communications Executive at data powerhouse, L2.
 Formerly he was an American radio host, political commentator, and blogger.
 He hosted the Paul Westcott Show in morning drive simulcast on WTAG 580 AM & 94.9 FM, WHYN, WGIR, WQSO and Charter TV3 .
 He also hosted a nationally syndicated radio show, "The Paul Westcott Show on iHeartRadio", that aired throughout the United States on Radio America and was syndicated by Clear Channel's iHeartRadio.
 He is a frequent guest on Fox News Channel, MSNBC, CNBC, Fox Business, CNN, and CNN Headline News, commenting on politics.
Cranked Up Country Radio"®" - Is a syndicated weekly 3 hour country music show radio show and 1 hour country music video show hosted by Curtis McKinney and Brad Hennington.
 The radio show is a combination of music, comedy, talk, and interviews along with the 'Advice from the Desk of Mr. Holland', the 'Cranked Up Five', 'Hick Picks', and the 'Joke of the Week'.
 The video show is a compressed version of the radio show made from video recorded while making the radio show.
 Cranked Up Country Radio is heard on over 20 FM, AM, and Digital Broadcasting stations.
Ruth Westheimer (born June 4, 1928), better known as Dr. Ruth, is a German-born, Jewish immigrant to the United States who became famous as a sex therapist, media personality, actress, voice actress, and author.
 Her media career began in 1980 with the radio show, "Sexually Speaking", which continued until 1990.
 She also hosted at least five television shows on the Lifetime and other cable television from 1984 to 1993.
 She is also the author of approximately 40 books on a variety of topics about sex and sexuality.
The World's Famous Supreme Team was an American hip hop radio show crew and recording group from the early 1980s.
 Members included See Divine the Mastermind and Just Allah the Superstar (now known as JazzyJust the Superstar), among others.
 Their pioneering radio show started in 1979 on WHBI-FM 105.9 broadcasting from Newark, New Jersey, and featured Mr. Magic before he went on to host the first rap show on a major radio station, "The Rap Attack" on WBLS.
 The group rose to international prominence when punk impresario Malcolm McLaren recruited See Devine and Just Allah and samples of their radio show for his surprise hip hop hit, 1982's "Buffalo Gals", and the full album follow-up, "Duck Rock" (1983).
 They are credited as the first hip hop group to incorporate Five Percent teachings and slang into their music, and their appearances on "Duck Rock" contains the first instances on record - a trait that would become increasingly predominant in the late '80s and '90s.
 The World Famous Supreme Team released their own hit single "Hey DJ" in 1984, which would appear on their only album, "Rappin’" (1986).
 The group reunited with McLaren for the 1990 album, "Round the Outside!
 Round the Outside!"
.
