The Fruit Bowl was a post-season college football bowl game held in December at Kezar Stadium in San Francisco, California.
 The game was held three times, following the 1947-1949 seasons.
 The first two games featured college teams and the last involved club teams.
The 6 Hours of Mexico is a sports car race held at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico City, Mexico.
 The race was first held in 1974 as part of the IMSA GT Championship.
 Fifteen years later, in 1989, the World Sportscar Championship reintroduced it as a 480 km event, and was held three times before the championship's demise.
 It was again revived in 2016 as a part of the FIA World Endurance Championship.
The Toronto Marathon, held annually in May, is a race from Mel Lastman Square, in the north end of Toronto, to Ontario Place.
 The race was initially called the Canadian International Marathon, and was first held in 1995 under its current organizer.
 The origins of the event trace back to 1977.
 In 2003, its name was changed to the Toronto Marathon.
 In 2008, it was again renamed for a new primary sponsor, GoodLife Fitness.
 It was held previously on the third Sunday in October, the first Sunday after Canadian Thanksgiving, for 16 consecutive years.
 Because of concerns that the Toronto Waterfront Marathon was being held three weeks prior lead to too many road closures, the Toronto Marathon is now run in May, beginning in 2011.
 The event was temporarily held mid-May in 2011, due to other events in the City of Toronto that year.
 The event is now held on the first Sunday in May, beginning in 2012.
Moonpark is an Argentine music festival, held three times annually since 2003.
 It is held in the Northeast of Buenos Aires city.
 It is considered one of the most important dance and electronic music festivals in the country.
The Australian Correspondence Chess Championship is organised by the Correspondence Chess League of Australia (CCLA).
 The event was held three times before 1937, with O Ludlow winning once and F M Hallman winning twice.
 Regular championships have been held since 1937 with a break from 1939 to 1945 due to World War II.
Peter Minnema better known by his ring name Pete Wilson (born December 15, 1985) is a Canadian professional wrestler.
 He is best known for his time in Stampede Wrestling where he held several titles, including the Stampede International Tag Team Championship which he held three times.
EAFF E-1 Football Championship, known as the East Asian Football Championship from 2003 to 2010, and the EAFF East Asian Cup for the 2013 and 2015 editions, is a men's international football competition in East Asia for member nations of the East Asian Football Federation (EAFF).
 Before the EAFF was founded in 2002, the Dynasty Cup was held between the East Asian top four teams, and was regarded as the unofficial East Asian Championship.
 There is a separate competition for both men (first held in 2003) and women (first held in 2005).
 There was also a combined points competition in 2005, where the results of the men's and women's teams are added together (not including qualifiers).
• The International Teen Princess was a contest that began in 1966 in Chicago, Illinois, where it was held for four years.
 In 1970 its name was changed to "World Teen Princess" and held three times in European locations.
 In 1973 it was changed to two contest; one "Teen Princess" that was continued for two times and apparently was discontinued after the 1974 pageant in Venezuela.
 other "Miss Teenage Peace International" in Oranjestad, Aruba that in 1974 its name was changed to "Miss Teenage Intercontinental".
Memorabilia is a fan convention event held in the United Kingdom since 1994 for fans and collectors of movie, television and sporting memorabilia.
 The event takes place twice a year (usually March and November) at the NEC Birmingham, attracting over 30,000 visitors and about 250 traders.
 It has in previous years been held three times a year, and with additional events in other locations (notably London, Manchester, and Glasgow).
ISO/IEC JTC 1/SC 17/WG 1 is a working group within ISO/IEC JTC1 of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), that facilitates standards development within the field of cards and personal identification.
 A national delegation of experts from various countries meet in person at WG1 to discuss and debate items detailed in a meeting agenda until a consensus is reached.
 These items include: draft standards, draft test methods, questions from the industry, proposals for new work items or other aspects relating to the Standards and Test Methods that WG1 bears responsibility for.
 WG1 meetings are usually held three times a year, typically at the beginning of March, the end of June, and at the beginning of October for a period of 2–3 days.
 The October meeting is typically held in the days just prior to the SC17 Plenary and at the same location.
