Jeremy Roy (born May 14, 1997) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.
 He is currently playing for the San Jose Barracuda in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect to the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Roy was drafted with the 31st overall pick by the Sharks in the second round of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Rob Zettler (born March 8, 1968) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for 14 seasons with the Minnesota North Stars, San Jose Sharks, Philadelphia Flyers, Toronto Maple Leafs, Nashville Predators and Washington Capitals.
 He is currently an assistant coach for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League.
Rourke Chartier (born April 3, 1996) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center.
 He is currently playing with the San Jose Barracuda in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect of the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Chartier was selected by the Sharks in the 5th round (149th overall) of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
The 2008 IIHF World Championship rosters consisted of 399 players on 16 national ice hockey teams.
 In honour of the International Ice Hockey Federation's (IIHF) 100th anniversary, the World Championship was hosted in Canada for the first time.
 Held in Quebec City and Halifax, Canada, the 2008 IIHF World Championship was the 72nd edition of the tournament.
 Russia won the Championship, the second time they had done so and their 24th title if including those won by the Soviet Union.
 Dany Heatley of Canada led the tournament in scoring with 20 points, and was named the tournament's most valuable player and top forward.
 Canadian Brent Burns was named top defenceman, while Evgeni Nabokov of Russia was selected as top goaltender.
Jason Demers (born June 9, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He was drafted by the San Jose Sharks in the seventh round, 186th overall, at the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Daniel "Danny" O'Regan (born January 30, 1994) is an American professional ice hockey forward.
 He is currently playing with the San Jose Barracuda in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect to the San Jose Sharks in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 O'Regan was selected by the Sharks in the 5th round, 138th overall, in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
 He is the son of former professional ice hockey player Tom O'Regan.
William Brent Burns (born March 9, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, who at times has been utilized as a forward, currently playing for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 He was converted into a defenceman upon turning professional, after being drafted as a right wing forward (20th overall) at the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Minnesota Wild.
Dylan DeMelo (born May 1, 1993) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.
 He is currently playing as a prospect within the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 DeMelo was selected by the San Jose Sharks in the 6th round (179th overall) of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Julius Bergman (born November 2, 1995) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the San Jose Barracuda in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect of the San Jose Sharks in the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Bergman was selected by the Sharks in the second round (46th overall) of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Joseph Luc Bourdon (February 16, 1987 – May 29, 2008) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL) and their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Manitoba Moose, from 2006 until 2008.
 After overcoming childhood arthritis, he was selected third overall in the 2003 Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) draft and played for the Val-d'Or Foreurs, Moncton Wildcats, and Cape Breton Screaming Eagles, spending four seasons in the QMJHL.
 The Canucks drafted Bourdon with their first selection, tenth overall, in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
 Noted as a strong defenceman who could contribute on offence, Bourdon represented Canada in three international tournaments, winning two gold medals at the IIHF World U20 Championship and a silver medal at the IIHF World U18 Championship.
 Bourdon died at the age of 21 near his hometown of Shippagan, New Brunswick, when his motorcycle collided with a tractor trailer.
