Jeonju Hanok Village is a village in the city of Jeonju, South Korea, and overlaps with the Pungnam-dong and Gyo-dong neighborhoods.
 The village contains over 800 Korean traditional houses called 'Hanok'.
 The village is famous among Koreans and tourists because of its traditional buildings that strongly contrast with the modern city around it.
 The village was designated as an International Slow City in 2010 in recognition of its relaxed pace of life where traditional culture and nature blend harmoniously.
 The number of visitors to Jeonju Hanok Village has increased sharply since the 2000s.
 The visitor numbers more than doubled from 2007 to 2014, from 3.17 million to 7.89 million.
 Excluding Seoul, Jeonju is ranked third among major tourist cities throughout South Korea, behind Jeju and Busan.
Asante Traditional Buildings is a World Heritage Site in Ghana, which is a collection of 13 traditionally built buildings from the time of the Ashanti Empire in the area.
Slovakia has around 14 open-air museums, or skanzens, showcasing the country's folk traditions, architecture, and economic history.
 The museums include examples of traditional buildings and furnishings, and many offer demonstrations of traditional handicrafts.
 The largest open-air museum is the Slovak Village Open Air Museum in Martin.
Ballenberg is an open-air museum in Switzerland that displays traditional buildings and architecture from all over the country.
 Located near Brienz in the municipality of Hofstetten bei Brienz, Canton of Bern, Ballenberg has over 100 original buildings that have been transported from their original sites.
A Cultural Property (文化財 , bunkazai ) is administered by the Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs, and includes tangible properties (structures and works of art or craft); intangible properties (performing arts and craft techniques); folk properties both tangible and intangible; monuments historic, scenic and natural; cultural landscapes; and groups of traditional buildings.
 Buried properties and conservation techniques are also protected.
 Together these cultural properties are to be preserved and utilized as the heritage of the Japanese people.
Groups of Traditional Buildings (伝統的建造物群 , Dentōteki Kenzōbutsu-gun ) is a Japanese category of historic preservation introduced by a 1975 amendment of the law which mandates the protection of groups of traditional buildings which, together with their environment, form a beautiful scene.
 They can be post towns, castle towns, mining towns, merchant quarters, ports, farming or fishing villages, etc.
 The Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs recognizes and protects the country's cultural properties under the Law for the Protection of Cultural Properties.
The Hachimanyama Ropeway (八幡山ロープウェー , Hachiman'yama Rōpuwē ) is Japanese aerial lift line in Ōmihachiman, Shiga, operated by Ohmi Railway.
 Opened in 1962, the line climbs Mount Hachiman, where there was Hachiman Castle built by Toyotomi Hidetsugu.
 The observatory has a view of Lake Biwa, as well as the city of Ōmihachiman, known for its traditional buildings lasting from Edo period.
Museumsdorf Niedersulz is an open-air museum in Austria that displays traditional buildings and architecture from the Weinviertel.
 It is located in the village of Sulz im Weinviertel, about 45 km north of Vienna in the province of Lower Austria.
 The Museumsdorf Niedersulz has over 80 original buildings and structures that have been transported from their original sites.
The Imanishi Family Residence (今西家住宅 , Imanishi-ke jūtaku ) is one of a Group of Traditional Buildings in Imai-cho, Kashihara, Nara Prefecture Japan.
 It dates to 1650 and has been designated an Important Cultural Property.
Omodos () is a village in the Troödos Mountains of Cyprus.
 It is also located in the Limassol District of Cyprus and is 80 kilometers from the city of Nicosia.
 The village produces a lot of wine and holds a wine festival every August.
 You can visit a 17th-century stone-built monastery via a cobblestone path and sample local wine for free at many outlets.
 You will also find a good mix of restaurants including traditional tavernas and a few modern bars housed in traditional buildings.
