Mickey Mehta (born 29 August 1962) is an Indian holistic health, well-being, wellness, and fitness guru.
 He is a TV and radio presenter (94.3 Radio One Mumbai and Delhi) and a columnist in various publications and websites.
 He preaches the concept of holistic health and equipment free workouts and has done so by establishing a chain of Mickey Mehta Wellness Temples across Mumbai city.
 The media often refer to Mickey Mehta as 'India's Leading Holistic Health Guru'.
 Mehta also aspires to build the largest social media base across as many platforms possible, to reach out to his audience.
Rejuvelac is kind of grain water invented and promoted by Ann Wigmore.
Holistic dentistry also called biological dentistry, biologic dentistry, alternative dentistry, unconventional dentistry, or biocompatible dentistry is the equivalent of complementary and alternative medicine for dentistry.
 Holistic dentistry emphasizes approaches to dental care said to consider dental health in the context of the patient's entire physical as well as emotional or spiritual health in some cases.
 Although the holistic dental community is diverse in its practices and approaches, common threads include strong opposition to the use of amalgam in materials in dental fillings, nonsurgical approaches to gum disease, and the belief that root canals may endanger systemic health of the patient through the spread of trapped dental bacteria to the body.
 Many dentists who use these terms also regard water fluoridation unfavorably.
The Guelph Community Health Centre (Guelph CHC, GCHC) is a public, non-profit organization that provides primary health care to the community of Guelph, Ontario, Canada, as well as a variety of programs that focus on holistic health promotion and community development.
 The Guelph CHC is a member of the Association of Ontario Health Centres (AOHC) and one of over 300 CHCs in Canada.
 The Guelph CHC has one main location in downtown Guelph, as well as a satellite clinic located on Shelldale Crescent, and an Early Years Satellite location, situated in the Stone Road Mall.
Ann Wigmore (1909–1994) was a Lithuanian–American "holistic health" practitioner and raw food advocate.
 Wigmore wrote several books on her theories and lectured widely to promote her practices.
Viktoras Peter Kulvinskas (born 23 February 1939) is a Lithuanian holistic health practitioner, nutritionist, raw foods advocate and author.
The Kripalu Center for Yoga & Health is a non-profit organization that operates a health and yoga retreat in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
 Its 160000 ft2 facility is a former Jesuit novitiate and juniorate seminary built in 1957.
 The center has described itself as North America's largest residential facility for holistic health and education.
 With 2013 revenue of $34.7 million, it employed about 626 people as of 2008 and can accommodate more than 650 overnight guests.
Crystal Dawn Bright (born April 9, 1981) is an award-winning musician and multimedia artist from Greensboro, North Carolina.
 She is a singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, music teacher, performance artist, theatrical director & producer, and holistic health coach / nutritionist.
 As founder and leader of the band Crystal Bright & the Silver Hands, she has released three studio albums and one live album, been reviewed internationally, and performed with the North Carolina Symphony.
 She won the North Carolina Symphony's Triangle Talent Search in September 2010 and released an award-winning music video in October 2011.
 The local "YES!
 Weekly" named her Best Singer in March 2012, Best Songwriter in May 2014, and Best Musician in the Triad in May 2015.
 Her music has been called "carnival folk, fairytale pop and gypsy jazz" and was described by the BBC as "a pleasant kind of bonkers."
Elizabeth A. "Betty" Neilson, EDD (October 13, 1911 – October 4, 2001) was a prominent figure in the field of health education and a leader in promoting the wellness and holistic health perspectives in public health.
Susan Lark is a medical doctor.
 She obtained her education from Northwestern Medical School, and has served as one of the clinical faculty members at Stanford University.
 At Stanford, Lark taught In the department of family and community medicine.
 As of now Lark works in the field of women’s health and preventive medicine.
 Lark is the founder and director of the Menopause Self Help Center located in Los Altos, California.
 She is well known for her innovative approaches to menopause and hormone management as well as her views on holistic women’s health.
 Her holistic approaches focus on hormone balance to assist in the prevention of different physical and emotional health conditions.
 She believes that maintaining a slightly alkaline body pH while ultimately lead to optimal health especially in the prevention of diseases such as, osteoporosis.
 Dr. Susan Lark has currently innovated and developed different types of nutritional supplements and all natural products in the field of women’s health and hormonal balance.
 Her products were invented to allow women to achieve hormone balance without having to utilize conventional hormone replacement therapies.
 According to Healthy Directions, “she is also a distinguished clinician, lecturer, and author of 13 best-selling books on women’s health, including Chemistry of Success and the cookbook Eat Papayas Naked, as well as a series of self-help books on women’s health topics like hot flashes, PMS, anxiety, and chronic fatigue.
 Her most recent book is Hormone Revolution, written with Kimberly S. Day.
 She has also been featured in many publications, including Real Simple, Reader’s Digest, Better Homes & Gardens, New Woman, Family Circle, Shape, The New York Times, and The San Francisco Chronicle.
