Judgment Night is the soundtrack to the 1993 film of the same name.
 It was released on September 14, 1993 through Immortal Records and Epic Records and was produced by many of the album's performers.
 Every song on the soundtrack was a collaboration between hip-hop artists and alternative rock/alternative metal/industrial metal/industrial rock/experimental rock/experimental metal artists.
 The album peaked at #17 on the "Billboard" 200 and spawned four singles, "Fallin'" by Teenage Fanclub and De La Soul, "Another Body Murdered" by Faith No More and Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E., "Just Another Victim" by Helmet and House of Pain, and "Judgment Night" by Biohazard and Onyx.
Volbeat are a Danish heavy metal band formed in Copenhagen in 2001.
 They play a fusion of rock and roll, heavy metal and rockabilly.
 They are inspired by classic rock and roll artists such as Elvis Presley and Johnny Cash, as well as modern hard rock, thrash metal, heavy metal, alternative rock and hardcore punk groups.
 Their current line-up consists of vocalist and guitarist Michael Poulsen, guitarist Rob Caggiano, drummer Jon Larsen and bassist Kaspar Boye Larsen.
 The band is signed to Dutch label Mascot Records and has released six studio albums and one DVD.
 All of their studio albums have been certified gold in Denmark.
 Their second album "Rock the Rebel/Metal the Devil" received platinum status, and their 2010 release "Beyond Hell/Above Heaven" was subject to widespread international critical acclaim, receiving double platinum in Denmark, platinum in Finland and Germany, and gold in the United States, Sweden and Austria.
 Volbeat's sixth album entitled "Seal the Deal & Let's Boogie" was released worldwide on 3 June 2016.
Kekal (sometimes stylized as KEKAL) is a heavy metal and electronic music band formed in 1995 in Jakarta, Indonesia.
 According to AllMusic, Kekal was one of the first heavy metal bands from Indonesia to make international inroads, and according to sociologist of heavy metal, Keith Kahn-Harris, was one of the few extreme metal bands from Southeast Asia to ever make more than a minimal impression on the global scene.
 Founded by two musicians known simply Yeris and Newbabe, the band underwent some shifts in lineup in its early years, but emerged with a consistent lineup of three key-members, guitarist/vocalist Jeff Arwadi, bassist Azhar Levi Sianturi, and guitarist Leo Setiawan.
 Frequently labeled as black metal, progressive metal, and avant-garde metal, Kekal plays a very diverse range of music styles within the frame of metal and rock, incorporating many other music genres such as ambient, electronic, jazz fusion, and progressive rock.
 Over the course of its career, Kekal has transitioned from a heavy metal-based style to a more experimental and electronic sound.
Metalucifer is a Japanese heavy metal band, formed by Gezolucifer (of Sabbat) in 1995.
 Adopting the musical style of early NWOBHM and building upon it, they achieved underground celebrity, especially in Scandinavia.
 Their pure heavy metal approach, and their unadulterated use of the words "Heavy Metal" in song titles has gained them fame, as their music strives to capture the essence of what they think "heavy metal" should be.
Obús is a Spanish heavy metal band created in Madrid in the early 80s.
 They stood out because they took the risk of making a big spectacle in their concerts in order to reach to the level of other international heavy metal bands.
 In addition, the lyrics they write and the feelings they transmit connect with the people that follow them.
 As they said in an interview: "All our songs , some more and some less, have a meaning".
 Far away from renouncing to their genre, they have always claimed that they were a heavy metal band and they even wrote a song about this genre in their first LP called"Dosis de Heavy Metal".
In 2012, because of their 30th anniversary, they did a Tour around Spain.
"Just Another Victim" is a single by metal band Helmet and rap group House of Pain that was released from the "Judgment Night" soundtrack.
 Aside from the original version of the song, the single also included several remixes by producer T-Ray that also appeared on the B-side of Faith No More and Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E.'s "Another Body Murdered".
"Another Body Murdered" is a song created as a collaboration between Faith No More and Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E. for the soundtrack to the 1993 film "Judgment Night".
 It was released as a single on October 25, 1993.
 It was the first recording by Faith No More to not include guitarist Jim Martin.
 Despite him still being in the band at the time, bassist Billy Gould performed guitar for the record instead.
 The music video was directed by Marcus Raboy.
 Despite charting in a few countries and being released as a single, this song has never been re-released on any Faith No More compilation albums apart from the UK only 'The Works' 3 disc boxset.
 It was also used as the theme song for the professional wrestler Samoa Joe.
Halford is an American heavy metal band formed in 1999 by British singer Rob Halford, who is best known as the lead vocalist for Judas Priest.
 Halford formed the band to return to his heavy metal roots.
 His two previous projects were a "street metal"-style band called Fight and the industrial metal band 2wo.
"Fallin' is a collaboration between Scottish power pop band Teenage Fanclub and American alternative hip hop trio De La Soul.
 It was released in early 1994.
 The song was recorded for the soundtrack to the action film "Judgment Night", which featured other collaborations between well-known rock, metal and hip hop groups.
 The chorus was sampled from the song "Free Fallin' from Tom Petty's 1989 solo album "Full Moon Fever".
Acrassicauda is an American-based Iraqi heavy metal band formed in 2001.
 It is often credited as being the first heavy metal group to emerge from Iraq.
 The original band consisted of three Arab members and one Assyrian (Tony Aziz Yaqoo).
 The band formed and played concerts under the regime of Saddam Hussein.
 It became well known outside of the local Iraqi metal scene after Vice magazine did a profile of the band.
 It received even greater coverage when it was profiled in a feature-length documentary about the band and its troubles in Iraq called "Heavy Metal in Baghdad".
 The band's first album was released on March 9, 2010.
