Blades of Glory is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck, written by John Altschuler, Jeff Cox, Craig Cox and Dave Krinskyand and starring Will Ferrell and Jon Heder.
 The movie was produced by MTV Films, Red Hour and Smart Entertainment and released on March 30, 2007 by DreamWorks Pictures.
Eric Banadinović (born 9 August 1968), known professionally as Eric Bana, is an Australian actor and comedian.
 He began his career in the sketch comedy series "Full Frontal" before gaining critical recognition in the biographical crime film "Chopper" (2000).
 After a decade of roles in Australian TV shows and films, Bana gained Hollywood's attention for his performance in the war film "Black Hawk Down" (2001) and the title character in the Ang Lee's Marvel Comics film "Hulk" (2003).
 He has since played Hector in the movie "Troy" (2004), the lead in Steven Spielberg's historical drama and political thriller "Munich" (2005), Henry VIII in "The Other Boleyn Girl" (2008), and the villain Nero in the science-fiction film "Star Trek" (2009).
 Bana also played Henry De Tamble in "The Time Traveler's Wife" (2009).
 In 2013, he played Lt. Cmdr. Erik S. Kristensen in the war film "Lone Survivor" and in the following year he played police sergeant Ralph Sarchie in the horror film "Deliver Us from Evil".
Stephen Rosenbaum is an American visual effects artist and supervisor, and has worked for more than 25 years on numerous movie and commercial productions, including six that have won Academy Awards.
 He received two Academy Awards and two BAFTA Awards for his contributions on "Forrest Gump" and "Avatar", and has played an integral role on such pioneering films as "Jurassic Park", "", "The Abyss", "X2: X-Men United", "Death Becomes Her", "Contact" and "The Perfect Storm".
William Edward Fichtner Jr. (born November 27, 1956) is an American actor.
 He has appeared in a number of notable films and TV series.
 He is known for his roles as Sheriff Tom Underlay in the television series "Invasion", Alexander Mahone on "Prison Break", and numerous film roles, including: "Quiz Show", "Heat", blind astronomer Kent in "Contact", "Armageddon", "The Perfect Storm", "Crash", "Blades of Glory", "Black Hawk Down", "Nine Lives", "The Longest Yard", "Mr. & Mrs. Smith", "The Dark Knight", "Date Night", "The Lone Ranger", "Phantom", "Elysium", "", and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".
"What Kind of Love Are You On" is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith.
 The song, originally a track left off the "Nine Lives" album, was included on "" for the 1998 film "Armageddon" starring lead singer Steven Tyler's daughter Liv Tyler.
 The song, was released as a promotional single to rock radio, reaching #4 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
 It was written by Steven Tyler, guitarist Joe Perry and outside songwriters Jack Blades and Tommy Shaw (both formerly of Damn Yankees).
 It is the second song written for the film, the other being "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing".
Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg (born June 5, 1971) is an American actor, producer, businessman, former model, and former rapper.
 Wahlberg was known as Marky Mark in his early career as frontman for the group Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch, releasing the albums "Music for the People" and "You Gotta Believe".
 Wahlberg later transitioned to acting, appearing in films such as the drama "Boogie Nights" and the satirical war comedy-drama "Three Kings" during the 1990s.
 In the 2000s, he starred in the biographical disaster drama "The Perfect Storm", the science fiction film "Planet of the Apes", the heist film "The Italian Job", and the Martin Scorsese-directed neo-noir crime drama "The Departed", for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
 In the 2010s, he starred in the action comedy "The Other Guys" alongside Will Ferrell, the biographical sports drama "The Fighter" (for which he earned an Academy Award nomination as a producer for Best Picture), the comedy "Ted", the war film "Lone Survivor", the crime comedy "Pain & Gain", the science fiction action film "" and the sequel "", the comedy "Daddy's Home", the disaster film "Deepwater Horizon", and the thriller "Patriots Day".
Joshua Daniel Hartnett (born July 21, 1978) is an American actor and movie producer.
 He first came to attention in 1997 for his role as Michael Fitzgerald in the television crime drama series "Cracker".
 He made his feature film debut in 1998 in the slasher film "", followed by teen roles in films such as the sci-fi horror film "The Faculty" (1998) and the drama "The Virgin Suicides" (1999).
 Hartnett had starring roles in the war film "Pearl Harbor", the drama "O", the war film "Black Hawk Down", the romantic comedy "40 Days and 40 Nights", the crime thriller Lucky Number Slevin (2006), and other films.
The Perfect Storm is a 2000 American biographical disaster drama film directed by Wolfgang Petersen and based on the 1997 non-fiction book of the same name by Sebastian Junger.
 The film tells the story of the "Andrea Gail", a commercial fishing vessel that was lost at sea with all hands after being caught in the Perfect Storm of 1991.
 The film stars George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, William Fichtner, John C. Reilly, Diane Lane, Karen Allen and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio.
 It was released on June 30, 2000, by Warner Bros.
Stefen Markus Fangmeier (born 9 December 1960 in El Paso, Texas, United States) is an American visual effects supervisor of numerous major feature films, including "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events", "Saving Private Ryan", "", "Twister", "Perfect Storm" and "".
 He also has been a second unit director for two films, "Dreamcatcher" (2003) and "Galaxy Quest" (1999).
 After more than 15 years of visual effects work, Fangmeier moved into feature film directing with his debut on "Eragon", which was released in 2006 and was a critical disappointment that upset many fans of the series, but was a modest financial success.
(born 15 September 1977) is an English actor and producer.
 His motion picture debut was in Ridley Scott's 2001 action film "Black Hawk Down".
 Hardy's other notable films include the science fiction film "" (2002), the crime film "RocknRolla" (2008), biographical psychological drama "Bronson" (2008), sports drama "Warrior" (2011), Cold War espionage film "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" (2011), crime drama "Lawless" (2012), drama "Locke" (2013), mobster film "The Drop" (2014), and the biographical western thriller "The Revenant" (2015), for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
 He portrayed "Mad" Max Rockatansky in the post-apocalyptic film "" (2015), and both of the Kray twins in the crime thriller "Legend" (2015).
 He has appeared in three Christopher Nolan films: the science fiction thriller "Inception" (2010), the superhero film "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012), as Bane, and the action-thriller "Dunkirk" (2017), based on the British evacuation in World War II.
 Hardy has been cast as Eddie Brock/Venom in a live-action film adaptation of the same name, set to be released in 2018.
