A tobacconist, also called a tobacco shop or smoke shop, is a retailer of tobacco products in various forms and the related accoutrements, such as pipes, lighters, matches, pipe cleaners, pipe tampers.
 More specialized retailers may sell ashtrays, humidification devices, hygrometers, humidors, cigar cutters, and more.
 Books and magazines, especially ones related to tobacco are commonly offered.
 Items irrelevant to tobacco such as puzzles, games, figurines, hip flasks, canes or other walking sticks, and candy are sometimes sold.
 In the USA, a tobacconist shop is traditionally represented by a wooden Indian positioned nearby.
 Most retailers of tobacco sell other types of product; today supermarkets, in many countries with a special counter, are usually the main sellers of the common brands of cigarette.
 In the United Kingdom, a common combination in small shops has been a newsagent selling newspapers and magazines, as well as confectionery and tobacco.
 In UK retailing this sector is known as "CONTOB" ("confectionery and tobacco").
For Endless Trees, or "For Endless Trees IV", is a public sculpture by American artist Gary Freeman.
 It is located in front of the WFYI office building in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
 The Cor-Ten steel sculpture consists of four vertical beams, grouped closely together, that branch out at the top.
 It measures approximately sixteen feet tall, five feet wide and four feet long.
 The sculpture was commissioned by the Indiana Gas Company in 1991 for their offices at 1600 North Meridian Street.
 This location is now home to WFYI.
The Hawthorne Smoke Shop (later known as the Ship) was a gambling casino owned by American gangster Al Capone and run by fellow gangsters Frankie Pope and Pete Penovich.
 It was located in Cicero, Illinois, where Capone had fled to escape Chicago police.
 Although shut down temporarily by raids several times during its existence, it provided a significant amount of revenue, earning half a million dollars in a two-year period.
 The profits from the Hawthorne Smoke Shop were one piece of evidence used against Capone at his trial in 1931.
St. James the Less Roman Catholic Church, also known as St. James and St. John's Roman Catholic Church, is a historic Roman Catholic church located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States and was one of the earliest neighborhood parishes established in the central city (1833).
 It is a High Victorian Gothic influenced brick structure with Romanesque Revival overtones built 1865-67.
 It has a tall central tower and featured an ornate interior with marble sculpture and murals.
 The church is 184 feet long, 65 feet wide, and the ceiling is 51 feet from the floor.
 The steeple, at 256 feet, is the second tallest church tower in the city (next to First and Franklin Street Presbyterian Church at West Madison Street and Park Avenue, in Mount Vernon-Belveere neighborhood, constructed 1875), which dominates Old East Baltimore.
 The cross surmounting the spire, is 10 feet tall.
 There is a peal of four bells in the tower, the largest weighing 5000 pounds, cast by McShane of Baltimore, in 1885.
 The tower clock was installed during the same year.
 The magnificent and priceless 25 foot-high Mayer windows were installed in 1891.
 The church is an early work of George A. Frederick (1842-1924), a prolific and prominent architect in Baltimore who designed various buildings in the city including the Baltimore City Hall in 1875.
 The interior features three large interior murals painted about 1886 by the German-born artist William Lamprecht and marble sculpture work by the Baltimore sculptor Joseph Martin Sudsburg.
 In 1966, the neighbouring parish of St. John the Evangelist was closed, and the new parish of St. James and St. John, was formed, the congregation worshipping at St. James.
 The parish was dissolved around 1986, and the former St. James Church was sold to an evangelical church.
 Most regrettably, the church has been stripped of its windows, altars, marble communion rail, pipe organ, and other artifacts, and the church has been whitewashed, destroying its beautiful and historic murals.
The Mangareva Statue or "Deity Figure from Mangareva" is an important wooden sculpture of a male god that was made on the Pacific island of Mangareva in French Polynesia.
 The idol was given to English missionaries in the early nineteenth century as the local population converted to Christianity.
 It was eventually bought by the British Museum in 1911.
Ammassalik wooden maps are carved, tactile maps of the Greenlandic coastlines.
 In the 1880s, Gustav Holm led an expedition to the Ammassalik coast of eastern Greenland, where he met several Tunumiit, or Eastern Greenland Inuit communities, who had had no prior direct contact with Europeans.
 He returned to Denmark with a set of three-dimensional wooden maps of the coast around , carved by a native of Umivik named Kunit.
Rockland Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at Rockland Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania.
 It was built 1832, and is a stone structure approximately 25 feet tall.
 It has an 11 feet wide, 10 feet tall casting arch and 9 feet wide, 9 feet tall tuyere arch.
 Also on the property are the wheel pit and mill race.
The cigar store Indian or wooden Indian is an advertisement figure, in the likeness of a Native American, used to represent tobacconists.
 The figures are often three-dimensional wooden sculptures several feet tall – up to life-sized.
 They are still occasionally used for their original advertising purpose, but are more often seen as decorations or advertising collectibles, with some pieces drawing sales prices of up to $500,000.
 People within the Native American community often view such likenesses as a caricature or as depictions that perpetuate stereotypes, drawing an analogy to the African-American lawn jockey.
The Macedonian Monument is on the campus of the United States Naval Academy, across the street from Mahan Hall, at the end of Stribling Walk.
 The monument's sculpture is the figurehead of HMS "Macedonian", captured by Stephen Decatur and the American frigate "United States" in the opening days of the War of 1812.
 Also known as "Alexander the Great" and the "Figurehead of Hans Macedonian", the wooden sculpture dates to circa 1810.
 It came to the Academy in 1875.
Famous Smoke Shop is one of the largest cigar mail order businesses in the United States.
 The company was formed in October, 1939 in Midtown Manhattan as a cigar and gift shop.
 In 2000, increasing rents and taxes forced the company to move its operations to Easton, Pennsylvania, a state that currently imposes no cigar tax.
 Famous Smoke Shop is engaged primarily in the retail and wholesale of cigars, humidors, and cigar accessories through mail order catalogs, a brick and mortar retail shop, and several websites.

