Lindsay McGie (born 30 March 1945) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
 A long-kicking left-footer, McGie was named Essendon's best first year player in 1964.
 He missed the 1966 and 1967 season due to serving in the Vietnam War.
 After two more seasons with Essendon, McGie moved to South Australia and played with Port Adelaide for three seasons.
 He later played for country South Australian club, Lyndoch, and then returned to Port as coach of the under-19s.
Peter Obst was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide and Woodville in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
 During his time at Port Adelaide he was a member of the club's record six premierships in a row, winning the club's best and fairest in the fifth premiership year during 1962.
 He left Port Adelaide in 1965 to take up a coaching offer at Woodville where he stayed for three years, winning that club's leading goal-kicker award in 1967.
 He returned to Port Adelaide for the last two years of his playing career.
John Cahill (born 27 April 1940) is a former Australian rules football player and coach.
 During his illustrious career he played football for the Port Adelaide, and coached Port Adelaide, West Adelaide, South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Ken McGregor (born 29 January 1981) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 He was drafted at pick 75 in the 1998 AFL Draft.
 After retiring from professional football he spent some time as a political journalist for the "Adelaide Advertiser" before moving to Canberra.
 He also played football for Ainslie in the North East Australian Football League (NEAFL).
 He was the coach of the Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) in 2013 and coached fellow SANFL club North Adelaide in 2014 and until his contract was terminated after round 9 of the 2015 season.
The Port Adelaide Football Club is a professional Australian rules football club based in Alberton, Port Adelaide, South Australia.
 The club's senior team plays in the Australian Football League (AFL) under the nickname Power, whilst its reserves and development teams compete in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) under the nickname Magpies.
 Port Adelaide is the oldest professional sporting club in South Australia and the fifth-oldest club in the AFL.
 Since the club's first game on 24 May 1870, the club has won 36 South Australian league premierships, including six in a row.
 The club also won the Champions of Australia competition on a record four occasions.
 In 1997, the club joined the Australian Football League as the only pre-existing non-Victorian club—and subsequently added the 2004 AFL premiership to its achievements.
Geof Motley OAM is a former Australian rules footballer and coach who played for South Australian National Football League (SANFL) side Port Adelaide.
 Motley was born near Alberton Oval, the home ground of the Port Adelaide Football Club, and grew up supporting Port Adelaide.
Greg Phillips (born 26 March 1959) is a former Australian rules football player who played with the Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and had a stint with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.
 He also played 20 interstate matches for South Australia.
The Norwood–Port Adelaide rivalry is Australian rules football's oldest and one of its most intense rivalries.
 It is contested between the Norwood Football Club and the Port Adelaide Football Club.
 Together Port Adelaide (36) and Norwood (30) have won 66 South Australian National Football League (SANFL) premierships since the founding of the competition in 1878.
 As the SANFL competition has been suspended due to war, only 132 seasons have been played, therefore together Norwood and Port Adelaide have won exactly half of all SANFL premierships awarded.
 The two clubs have met in finals 50 times with 17 of those grand finals including 2 war-time grand finals.
Tim Evans (born 13 August 1953 in Tasmania) is a former Australian rules football player who played for Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Nick Stevens (born 3 January 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League and former coach of South Australian National Football League club Glenelg.
 He played in four pre-season premierships, with Port Adelaide in 2001 and 2002, and with Carlton in 2005 and 2007.
 He is the only man to have won more than one Michael Tuck Medal, winning the awards in 2002 for Port Adelaide and in 2007 for Carlton.
 Stevens played a total of 104 games for Carlton and 127 for Port Adelaide.
 In 2016, Stevens was convicted of assault and jailed for three months.
