Sport & Leisure Swifts Football Club is an intermediate, Northern Irish football club playing in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
 The club hails from Belfast and plays their home games at Glen Road Heights which is in the west of the city.
 It was founded in 1978 and played in the County Down Premier League and the Dunmurry League, before joining the Northern Amateur League in 1990.
Armagh City Football Club is an intermediate, Northern Irish football club playing in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
The Northern Ireland Intermediate League is an amateur intermediate league based in the north-west region of Northern Ireland.
 As one of the leagues in the 4th tier of Northern Irish football, the league champions can be promoted to the NIFL Premier Intermediate League, providing they meet the admittance requirements.
The NIFL Premier Intermediate League is the third division of the Northern Ireland Football League, the national association football league in Northern Ireland, and the highest intermediate division in Northern Ireland, occupying level three in the Northern Ireland football league system – below.
Portstewart Football Club is an intermediate, Northern Irish football club from Portstewart, County Londonderry.
 The club was founded in 1968 and currently plays in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
 The club's main colours are sky blue and navy.
 Portstewart are nicknamed "The Seahawks".
 The club's home ground, Mullaghacall, was officially opened in 1997 by Harry Gregg MBE.
 Portstewart Reserves play in the Coleraine and District Morning League.
Newington Y.C. Football Club (also known as Newington Youth Club, Newington Y.C., Newington F.C. or simply Newington) is an intermediate-level Northern Irish football club playing in NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
 The club originates in the Newington area of Belfast, although owing to the lack of facilities for junior and intermediate clubs in north Belfast they have played home matches at Muckamore Park in Antrim, Brantwood FC on Skegoneill Avenue, Richardson Park in Dunmurry and The Cliff in Larne.
 In 2008, the club became involved in a partnership with IFA Premiership club Crusaders, with a view to securing funding for a new, shared ground in north Belfast.
 As part of the arrangement, Newington used Crusaders’ current ground Seaview for home matches in 2008–09, marking a return to home matches in the club's native north Belfast.
 For the 2013–14 season, the club's first season in NIFL Championship 2, Seaview will be the home venue once again.
Lisburn Distillery Football Club is a Northern Irish, intermediate football club who are based in Ballyskeagh, County Down and play in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
 The club, founded in 1880, originated in west Belfast, where it was based at Grosvenor Park at Distillery Street off the Grosvenor Road until 1971.
 After sharing Skegoneill Avenue (Brantwood) and Seaview (Crusaders) for some years the club moved in 1980 to a permanent new home at New Grosvenor Stadium, Ballyskeagh, County Antrim, on the southern outskirts of Belfast.
 The club was known as Distillery until 1999, when it changed its name to 'Lisburn Distillery' in an attempt to associate itself more closely with its adopted borough (now city) of Lisburn.
 The club colour is white.
 The club, a founder member of the Irish League in 1890, was relegated in May 2013.
The Northern Ireland Football League (commonly abbreviated to NIFL), also known as the Irish League, is the national football league of Northern Ireland.
 It was formed in 2013 to assume independent collective management of the top three levels of the Northern Ireland football league system; namely the Premiership, Championship and NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
Queen's University Association Football Club is an intermediate, Northern Irish football club playing in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
 The club, founded in 1910, a founder member of the Irish League B Division, is affiliated to Queen's University Belfast, and plays home matches at the newly built Arena at the Queen's University sports grounds, Upper Malone, Belfast - also known as "the Dub".
Donegal Celtic Football Club is an intermediate football club based in Belfast, Northern Ireland who currently play in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
 The club, founded in 1970, plays its home matches at Donegal Celtic Park.
 Club colours are green and white in Celtic-style hoops.
