The Amalgamut is the third studio album by industrial rock band Filter released on July 30, 2002 on Reprise Records.
 Contrary to their prior two albums, "Short Bus" and "Title of Record", which were both certified platinum, indicating over one million copies sold, "The Amalgamut" stalled prior to hitting 100,000 copies sold, in part due to frontman Richard Patrick cancelling the album's main tour in order to enter a rehab facility.
 The album still had two singles release in its promotion, "Where Do We Go from Here" and "American Cliché".
Filter is an American industrial rock group formed in 1993 in Cleveland by singer Richard Patrick and guitarist/programmer Brian Liesegang.
 The band was formed after Patrick desired to start his own band after leaving Nine Inch Nails as their touring guitarist.
 Their debut album, "Short Bus", was released in 1995, and ended up going platinum, selling over one million copies, largely due to the success of the band's single "Hey Man Nice Shot."
 After the album, the band would go through the first of many line-up changes, leaving Patrick as the only consistent member across all music releases.
"Take a Picture" is a song by American industrial rock group Filter.
 It was released in November 1999 as the second single from their second album "Title of Record".
 The song became a major hit during the start of 2000.
 It was the band's first departure from industrial rock.
The Downward Spiral is the second studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on March 8, 1994, by Nothing Records and Interscope Records in the United States and by Island Records in Europe.
 It is a concept album detailing the destruction of a man from the beginning of his "downward spiral" to his attempt at suicide.
 "The Downward Spiral" features elements of industrial rock, techno and heavy metal music, in contrast to the band's synthpop-influenced debut album "Pretty Hate Machine" (1989), and was produced by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and Flood.
120 Days of Genitorture is the debut album of American industrial metal/industrial rock band Genitorturers.
 The title is a reference to the book "120 Days of Sodom", by the Marquis de Sade.
Los Pikadientes de Caborca are a Mexican musical group whose debut single, "La Cumbia del Río," charted on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks in 2008.
Short Bus is the debut album by American industrial rock band Filter.
 It was released in 1995 and has sold over one million copies in the United States.
 It is best known for their hit song "Hey Man Nice Shot".
 Richard Patrick said in an interview that Trent Reznor had told him he should make his own record while he went off to work on "The Downward Spiral".
 Patrick, while still retaining the industrial element in the music, chose to focus on the guitars, which he felt was something missing when he played with Nine Inch Nails.
 He also chose not to go with the standard industrial rock look which he felt would set them apart.
Gravity Kills is an American industrial rock band from St. Louis, Missouri.
 Their music was described by one critic as "a blending of eerie industrial rock with a pop-infused melodic chorus and a bit of hard-core head banging."
"Head Like a Hole" is a song by the American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails.
 A song influenced by industrial metal group Ministry, it was released as the second single from the group's debut album "Pretty Hate Machine".
 The song received an almost overwhelmingly positive response from critics, and has been noted as one of the most popular tracks from the album.
"Hey Man Nice Shot" is a 1995 single by the industrial rock band Filter.
 The song was released on July 18, 1995 via Reprise Records, as the first single from their debut album "Short Bus".
