Giant is a 1956 American epic Western drama film, directed by George Stevens from a screenplay adapted by Fred Guiol and Ivan Moffat from Edna Ferber's 1952 novel.
 The film stars Elizabeth Taylor, Rock Hudson and James Dean and features Carroll Baker, Jane Withers, Chill Wills, Mercedes McCambridge, Dennis Hopper, Sal Mineo, Rod Taylor, Elsa Cardenas and Earl Holliman.
 "Giant " was the last of James Dean's three films as a leading actor, and earned him his second and last Academy Award nomination – he was killed in a car accident before the film was released.
 Nick Adams was called in to do some voice dubbing for Dean's role.
Rangrezz is a 2013 Indian action drama film directed by Priyadarshan starring Jackky Bhagnani, Priya Anand, Rajpal Yadav, Vijay Verma and Amitosh Nagpal in the lead roles.
 This is the first action film of Jackky Bhagnani.
 The film is also an official remake of the Tamil film "Naadodigal" directed by Samuthirakani, which has already been remade in Telugu as Shambo Shiva Shambo, in Malayalam as Ithu Nammude Katha, in Kannada as Hudugaru, and in Bengali as Run.
 The film was titled by Shah Rukh Khan, who had registered it through his production company Red Chillies Entertainment.
 The film being one of the most auspicious films of Jackky Bhagnani, was promoted well by the producers.
 The special merchandise of the film was also released by Tradus.com under the promotion "Holi Ke Rang Rangrezz Ke Sang ".
 The film also features the super hit song "Gangnam Style", sung by PSY.
 The film has been produced by Vashu Bhagnani under his production banner Pooja Entertainment India Ltd.
 It was after a gap of fifteen years that Priyadarshan and Santosh Sivan have come together for this film; the last time before "Rangrezz" they had worked together in Kaalapani, starring Mohanlal in the lead role.
Limit of Love: Umizaru (Limit of Love 海猿 , Rimitto obu Rabu Umizaru ) , also known as Umizaru 2: Test of Trust is a 2006 action drama film directed by Eiichiro Hasumi.
 It is the second feature-length film and third of the "Umizaru" projects, following on from the film "Umizaru" and the 11-episode drama series "Umizaru Evolution".
 The film stars Hideaki Ito as Japan Coast Guard (JCG) rescue diver Daisuke Senzaki, and Ai Kato as his love interest Kanna Izawa.
 The film takes place after the events of the drama series, and is the last of the 3 part film and television project.
 The project is adapted from the popular manga series "Umizaru" by Shūhō Satō.
Gadar: Ek Prem Katha (Translation: "Revolt: A Love Story") is a 2001 Indian period action drama film, starring Sunny Deol, Amisha Patel, and Amrish Puri, set in the time of the Partition of India in 1947.
 Made for million () , Gadar has made more than Rs. 78.6 crores during its initial theatrical run with a distributor share of 54.6 crores and after its theatrical run, was commercially one of the most successful movies in India when it was released.
 Gadar: Ek Prem Katha is the second most watched Hindi language film in India as it recorded 5.05 crore footfalls in India.
 The shy role of Sunny Deol was admired and led to the Filmfare nomination for the best actor.
 According to Box office India, its adjusted gross is 468 crores in 2017 ticket sales.
Run, Cougar, Run is a 1972 American drama film directed by Jerome Courtland and written by Louis Pelletier.
 The film stars Stuart Whitman, Frank Aletter, Lonny Chapman, Douglas Fowley, Harry Carey, Jr. and Alfonso Arau.
 The film was released on October 18, 1972, by Buena Vista Distribution.
Rubén Carbajal (born February 26, 1993) is an American actor who has appeared on many television series.
 His most watched appearance was a mini series "Kingpin".
 In this series, Carbajal worked with actors such as Yancey Arias, Sheryl Lee, Bobby Cannavale, Angela Alvarado Rosa, and many more.
 Rubén started his acting career with commercials when he was 5 years old, then moved to TV series acting.
 Along with commercials for Chuck E. Cheese and Propositions, he was also on a college student's film One Last Run in which he starred as the son of the main character.
 He has appeared on the following TV series: "Zoey 101", "Punk'd", and starred on NBC's "Kingpin".
 Rubén attended Loyola High School of Los Angeles and graduated in 2011.
 Rubén will be starring in the role of John Laurens/Phillip Hamilton on the national tour of "Hamilton", which opens in March 2017 in San Francisco.
Chinna Thambi (English : Little Brother) is a 1991 Indian Tamil language romantic drama film starring Prabhu and Kushboo.
 The movie stars Prabhu as the titular role of Chinna Thambi, an uneducated village simpleton and Kushboo as Nandini, a home tutored wealthy girl and is a story of love, family bonds and typical south Indian village sentiments.
 The movie was remade in Kannada, Telugu, and Hindi languages as "Ramachaari" (1991), "Chanti" (1992), and "Anari" (1993), respectively.
 The film was one of Prabhu's biggest blockbusters and completed a 356-day run in 9 screens and 100-day run in 47 screens.
Helena from the Wedding is a 2010 American drama film.
 The film is directed by Joseph Infantolino, best known for executive producing "Run Fatboy Run" and stars Lee Tergesen, Melanie Lynskey and Gillian Jacobs as Helena.
 The film was released theatrically in the United States on 12 November 2010.
The Last Run is a 2004 American drama and comedy film directed by Jonathan Segal.
The film has been music composed by Laura Karpman.
This film starring Fred Savage, Amy Adams, Steven Pasquale, Andrea Bogart, Erinn Bartlett, Vyto Ruginis and Robert Romanus in the lead roles.
Bhaag Milkha Bhaag (English: "Run Milkha Run") is a 2013 Indian biographical sports drama film directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra from a script written by Prasoon Joshi.
 The story is based on the life of Milkha Singh, an Indian athlete who was a national champion runner and an Olympian.
 It stars Farhan Akhtar in the lead role with Pavan Malhotra and Art Malik in supporting roles and Sonam Kapoor in a cameo.
 Sports was coordinated by the American action director Rob Miller of ReelSports.
