Fort Edward Johnson was a series of Confederate States of America (CSA) military breastworks constructed in April 1862 by the four-thousand member brigade known as the "Army of the Northwest".
 The Army of the Northwest was a remnant of the Confederate Army of the Northwest which had been disbanded in February 1862.
 The Army of the Northwest was commanded by Colonel Edward "Alleghany" Johnson and had been ordered to secure a major roadway through the Appalachian Mountains known as the Staunton and Parkersburg Turnpike.
 Johnson ordered the construction of fortifications and breastworks at a high point along the turnpike on top of Shenandoah Mountain, which is in the U.S. state of Virginia, 26 mi west of Staunton.
Goose Hollow is a neighborhood in southwest Portland, Oregon, United States.
 It acquired its distinctive name through early residents' practice of letting their geese run free in Tanner Creek Gulch and near the wooded ravine in the Tualatin Mountains known as the Tanner Creek Canyon.
 Tanner Creek Gulch was a 20-block-long, 50 ft gulch (or hollow) that started around SW 17th and Jefferson and carried the waters of Tanner Creek into Couch Lake (now the site of Old Town/Chinatown and the Pearl District).
 Over a century ago, Tanner Creek was buried 50 ft underground (where it still drains the West Hills), and the Tanner Creek Gulch was infilled.
 Thus, the only remaining part of the hollow is the ravine (Tanner Creek Canyon) carved out by Tanner Creek through which Highway 26 passes and which the Vista Bridge spans (also called the Vista Viaduct).
Grutas de Bustamante (Bustamante Caves), also known as Palmito Caves, are a group of natural caves located in the municipality of Bustamante, Nuevo Leon.
 The caves are located in an entrance of the mountains known as Sierra de Gomas, the Bustamente caves are located 107 kilometers northwest outside Monterrey and 7 kilometers southwest Bustamante municipal seat.
The Radstadt Tauern (German: "Radstädter Tauern" ) are a subrange of the Central Eastern Alps in Austria.
 Together with the Schladming Tauern, the Rottenmann and Wölz Tauern and the Seckau Tauern the Radstadt Tauern form the major range of mountains known as the Low Tauern.
 The mountains are found in the southeast of the Austrian state of Salzburg, between the upper reaches of the Enns and Mur rivers.
Lemkos (Ukrainian: "Лeмки" , Polish: "Łemkowie" , Lemko: "Лeмкы", translit.
 "Lemkŷ"; sing. "
Лeмкo", "Lemko") are an ethnic sub-group inhabiting a stretch of the Carpathian Mountains known as Lemkivshchyna.
 Many Lemkos are classified as a branch of Ukrainians by the Ukrainian government.
 Ukraine has signed but not honored the CSCE/OSCE Copenhagen Document of 1990, Article IV particularly, granting self-identified Lemkos minority rights status in Ukraine.
 Slovakia identifies them as a sub-group of Rusyns (Ruthenians), an East Slavic minority distinct from Ukrainians.
 Rusyns themselves have been abandoning Ukrainian nationality, enforced during Communism, in favor of a Rusyn identity, which can be observed in the minority statistics of Slovakia.
The Georgia Mountains Region or North Georgia mountains or Northeast Georgia is an area that starts in the northeast corner of Georgia, United States, and spreads in a westerly direction.
 The mountains in this region are in the Blue Ridge mountain chain that ends in Georgia.
 At over 1 billion years of age, the Blue Ridge mountains are among the oldest mountains in the United States and sometimes mistaken to be the oldest mountains in the world (they are only about one third of the age of South Africa's 3.6 billion year old Barberton greenstone belt.)
.
 The mountains in this region are also a part of the vast system of North American mountains known as the Appalachian Mountains that spans most of the United States longitudally along the eastern areas of the nation and terminates in Alabama.
The climate of Central Asia became dry after the large tectonic collision between the Indian Plate and the Eurasian Plate.
 This impact threw up the massive chain of mountains known as the Himalayas.
 The Himalayas, Greater Khingan and Lesser Khingan mountains act like a high wall, blocking the warm and wet climate from penetrating into Central Asia.
 Many of the mountains of Mongolia were formed during the Late Neogene and Early Quaternary periods.
 The Mongolian climate was more humid hundreds of thousands of years ago.
The Bulusan Volcano Natural Park is a 3673 ha protected area of rainforest surrounding Mount Bulusan in the Philippines.
 It was first designated as a National Park by Proclamation no. 811 on June 7, 1935.
 Under the National Integrated Protected Areas System (NIPAS) of 1992 managed by the Department of the Environment and Natural Resources, the park was reclassified as a Natural Park by Proc.
 421 on November 27, 2000.
 The area features the volcano itself, Bulusan Lake, the two other mountains known as the 'Sharp Peak' and 'Hormahan' and Lake Aguingay.
 The park is in the south central part of Sorsogon Province, southern Luzon, Bicol Region, Philippines, bounded by five municipalities: Bulusan, Barcelona, Irosin, Juban and Casiguran.
Trzy Korony (English: Three Crowns , Slovak: "Tri koruny" ) is the summit of the Three Crowns Massif, an independent portion of a range called Pieniny Mountains in the south of Poland.
 Trzy Korony forms the central part of a compact group of connected mountains known as Pieniny Środkowe, consisting mainly of the limestone and dolomite rock strata.
 Trzy Korony is located within the Pieniny National Park in Lesser Poland Voivodeship.
Trujillo is the capital city of Trujillo State in Venezuela.
 About 40,000 people live in this city.
 This city is shrouded in mystery and humility, is located in El Valle de Los Mukas.
 Surrounded by mountains known as the city of "peace and charm."
