The Danish rock band Nephew has released five studio albums, three live albums, five EPs, one compilation album, one box set, and nineteen singles.
 The band was formed in 1996 by Simon Kvamm, Kristian Riis, Jonas Juul Jeppesen, and Søren Arnholt.
 In 1998, Jeppesen, who was until then the bassist in the band, left the band and was replaced by the current bassist Kasper Toustrup.
 That year, they proceeded to release two demo albums, "Tunes" and "Things to Do"; the demo "Downtown Europe" was released in 1999.
 In 2000, the band debuted with "Swimming Time", on the small label Martian Records.
 The album was received well by both critics and fans, but despite the band's success, the members got bored and decided to take a break.
 During their 2001 farewell concert in Germany, the band rediscovered their passion for music and decided to stay together.
 After being signed to Copenhagen Records, the band released their second studio album "USADSB" in 2004, which was very well received and is seen as their "breakthrough" album.
 It gained double platinum status in Denmark, and aside from there has been released in Japan, Germany, and Norway.
 Later in 2004, the "En Wannabe Darth Wader" single release came to be, which contains both the Danish and English versions of Nephew's song "En Wannabe Darth Vader".
Kentucky Blue Collar Band are an American country rock band.
 They were founded in 2004 deep in the foothills of Eastern Kentucky as the Blue Collar Band, composed of Goble Cantrell (rhythm guitar, vocals) and Mark Rohan (drums) along with Don Hayes (lead guitar) and Dean Ball (bass guitar).
 After discovering that another band already existed in Louisville, Kentucky with the name "Blue Collar Band", the band added "Kentucky" to its name and thus became the Kentucky Blue Collar Band.
 The band began performing as the Kentucky Blue Collar Band in 2006, adding Marc Currens as bass guitarist and harmony vocalist in 2008.
 With the release of their debut album "Rockin' the Road" in 2006 with independent record label Huba Records, the band garnered a good rotation of local radio play.
 Their second album "Long Hard Road", released in 2009, fared much better and was widely played, including winning song of the month in May 2009 on a Texas radio station, Hoss the Boss with DJ Don Cudd, as well as coming in fourth for song of the year on that same station's yearly contest for 2009, setting an all-time record at that point for most fan votes of any one song in the history of the contest.
 The band released their third album "Evolution" on March 15, 2011, with that album still working its way into and up the charts.
Saosin is an American rock band from Orange County, California, United States.
 The band was formed in 2003 and recorded its first EP, "Translating the Name", that same year original vocalist Anthony Green left Saosin due to personal reasons.
 In 2004, Cove Reber replaced Green as vocalist after auditioning for the role.
 The group recorded its self titled debut album which was released on Capitol Records on September 26, 2006.
 Their second studio album, "In Search of Solid Ground", was released on September 8, 2009 on Virgin and contains three re-recorded tracks off of "The Grey EP".
 Reber departed from the band in 2010 and subsequently went on a three-year hiatus.
 In 2013, the band reformed with all original members, except Zach, and began touring.
 They released their third studio album and their first studio album, "Along the Shadow", with original vocalist Anthony Green on May 20, 2016 through Epitaph Records.
 It is also the album that marks the final feature lead guitarist Justin Shekoski.
ToyZ is the second studio album by German glam rock band Cinema Bizarre.
 After their debut album, "Final Attraction" was a moderate hit, they began working on their second studio album.
 The first single from the album is called "I Came 2 Party," featuring Space Cowboy.
 Originally the first single was to be a song entitled "My Obsession," however this release was canceled due to fans taking advantage of a mistake on the part of iTunes.
 When the single was put up two days too early, fans were able to download the track and the song quickly spread, resulting in an announcement from the band that "I Came 2 Party" would be released instead.
 The album release date was also postponed until mid-August.
 "My Obsession" was later released as the second single from the album.
The discography of American alternative rock band The Breeders consists of four studio albums, one live album, three extended plays, ten singles and twelve music videos. Kim Deal, then-bassist of American alternative rock band the Pixies, formed The Breeders as a side-project with Tanya Donelly, guitarist of American alternative rock band Throwing Muses.
 After recording a demo tape, The Breeders signed to the English independent record label 4AD in 1989.
 Their debut studio album "Pod" was released in May 1990, but was not commercially successful.
 After the revival of the Pixies and Throwing Muses in 1990, The Breeders became mostly inactive until the Pixies' breakup in 1993.
 With a new lineup, The Breeders released their "Safari" EP in 1992, followed by their second studio album "Last Splash" in 1993.
 "Last Splash" was The Breeders' most successful album; it peaked at number 33 on the United States "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1994.
 The album spawned the band's most successful single, "Cannonball".
 The single peaked at number 44 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number two on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.
The discography of Weezer, an American rock band, consists of 10 studio albums, two compilation albums, one video album, six extended plays, twenty-eight singles and twenty-four music videos. Weezer's self-titled debut studio album, often referred to as "The Blue Album", was released in May 1994 through DGC Records.
 The album was a huge commercial success, peaking at number 16 on the US "Billboard" 200 and spawning the singles "Undone – The Sweater Song" and "Buddy Holly", both of which were responsible for launching Weezer into mainstream success with the aid of music videos directed by Spike Jonze.
 It has sold 3.3 million copies in the United States and has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), becoming the band's best selling album to date.
 Following the success of their debut album, Weezer took a break from touring for the Christmas holidays.
 Lead singer Rivers Cuomo began piecing together demo material for Weezer's second studio album.
 Cuomo's original concept for the album was a space-themed rock opera, "Songs from the Black Hole".
 Ultimately, the "Songs from the Black Hole" album concept was dropped; the band, however, continued to utilize songs from these sessions into work for their second studio album. "
Pinkerton" was released as the band's second studio album in September 1996.
 Peaking at number 19 on the "Billboard" 200, it was considered a critical and commercial failure at the time of its release, selling far less than its triple platinum predecessor.
 However, in the years following its release, it has seen much critical and commercial championing.
American pop rock band Train has released ten studio albums, two live albums, one video album, four extended plays, 30 singles, four promotional singles, and 26 music videos.
 The band independently released their eponymous debut studio album in 1996, two years after their formation.
 In February 1998, the band signed to Aware Records and Columbia Records and re-released the album under the two labels.
 Three singles were released from "Train"; the album's second single, "Meet Virginia", peaked at number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The album peaked at number 76 on the US "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 In the period following the release of "Train", producer Brendan O'Brien started working with the band in a partnership that would last for three albums.
 The band released their second studio album "Drops of Jupiter" in March 2001; it was preceded by the release of its lead single, "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)".
 The single became a commercial success, peaking at number five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and also becoming a top ten hit in Australia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
 "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)" also won an award for Best Rock Song at the 44th Grammy Awards.
 The album peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200, earning a double platinum certification from the RIAA. "
She's on Fire", the third single from "Drops of Jupiter", achieved moderate success in Australia and the UK.
 Train's third studio album, "My Private Nation", was released in June 2003.
 It peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 The album's first two singles, "Calling All Angels" and "When I Look to the Sky", peaked at numbers 19 and 74 respectively on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The band released their fourth studio album "For Me, It's You" in January 2006.
 The album peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" 200 and spawned three singles.
Wormburner is an indie rock band based in Brooklyn, New York.
 Their music has been categorized as college rock.
 The band has five members, and is led by Steve "Hank" Henry, who is the band's singer, guitarist, and songwriter.
 Henry graduated from Colgate University in 1993.
 Their debut album, "A Hero's Welcome", was released in 2006 and produced by David Lowery of Cracker.
 The band wrote and recorded the album's 12 songs at Lowery's studio in Richmond, Virginia.
 These songs' power-pop sound, along with a series of live shows by the band, led to the band and album becoming increasingly popular.
 The band released its second album, "Placed by the Gideons", in 2010 on the label Wax Off, which is partly run by WSUM host DJ Renton.
 In 2012, the band was interviewed for MTV's series 120 Minutes.
 Their third album, "Pleasant Living in Planned Communities", was released on Dive Records in September 2014.
 Prior to its release, a song from the album, "Somewhere Else to Be", was premiered by Brooklyn Magazine.
 Robert Christgau gave "Pleasant Living in Planned Communities" an A- grade, writing that on the album, "Hank Henry doesn't swallow a word as he shouts his tuneful tales into the void, and unlike Craig Finn [of the Hold Steady], he doesn't specialize in or even much notice the human dregs and heroes of the alt-rock scene."
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds, lead guitarist Wayne Sermon, bassist and keyboardist Ben McKee, and drummer Daniel Platzman.
 The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album "Night Visions" and its first single "It's Time". "
Billboard" placed them at the top of their "Year In Rock" rankings for 2013, and named them their "Breakthrough Band of 2013". "
Rolling Stone" named their single "Radioactive" from "Night Visions" the "biggest rock hit of the year", and MTV called them "the year's biggest breakout band".
 "Night Visions" peaked at number two on the weekly US "Billboard" 200 chart and the UK Albums Chart.
 The band's second studio album "Smoke + Mirrors" was released in 2015, and reached number one in the US, Canada and the UK.
 After touring for their sophomore record, the band took a brief hiatus to focus on their personal lives.
 During the latter half of 2016, they began recording their third studio album, "Evolve", released in 2017.
 While all three albums were commercially successful, critical reception was mixed.
Nerves Junior were an American indie rock band based in Louisville, Kentucky.
 Over its six-year life, the band released a full-length album, "As Bright As Your Night Light" in September 2011 to favorable reviews.
 An EP "Craters EP" was released in 2013, before the band came to an end in May 2015.
