The lost village of Braunston Cleves or Fawcliff once stood north of the village of Braunston in the English county of Northamptonshire.
 The village stood on the southwest slope of Cleve’s hill within the parish of Braunston.
 The history of this settlement is virtually unknown.
 It is thought that the settlement was part of the 11th-century manor which belonged to William Trusbott.
 The settlement passed to his daughter, Agatha Meinfelin, who in turn left the village to Delapré Abbey in Northampton.
 A charter of Edward III confirming the possessions of Delapré Abbey mentions a place called Fawcliff near Braunston.
 Nothing is known of why the village was deserted but it had certainly been destroyed by the 18th century.
Castle Rising is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
 It is best known as the location of Castle Rising Castle, which dominates the village.
 The village is situated some 8 km north-east of the town of King's Lynn and 60 km west of the city of Norwich.
 The River Babingley skirts the north of the village separating Castle Rising from the site of the lost village of Babingley.
The lost village of Canons Ashby is located in ground to the north of Canons Ashby House in the English county of Northamptonshire.
 Today there is still a small village around the house but this is located away from the original settlement, since the original settlement is now just field occupied by a herd of cows.
<br>
Smurfs: The Lost Village is a 2017 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film produced by Sony Pictures Animation and The Kerner Entertainment Company, with animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks, for Columbia Pictures.
 Sony, LStar Capital and Wanda Pictures co-financed the film.
 It is based on "The Smurfs" comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo, and is a reboot unrelated to Sony's previous live-action/animated films based on the series.
 It was written by Stacey Harman and Pamela Ribon and directed by Kelly Asbury, and stars the voices of Demi Lovato, Rainn Wilson, Joe Manganiello, Mandy Patinkin, Jack McBrayer, Danny Pudi, Michelle Rodriguez, Ellie Kemper, Ariel Winter, Meghan Trainor, Jake Johnson and Julia Roberts.
 In the film, a mysterious map prompts Smurfette, Brainy, Clumsy and Hefty to find a lost village before Gargamel does.
Lost Village is a festival that takes place in a secluded woodland near the village of Norton Disney, Lincolnshire.
 The event is structured around interactive theatre performance, with an ongoing event-wide narrative about a Lost Village using a large cast of actors.
 The three-day event includes music, global food, art, comedy and talks, which take place in several areas and stages with colourful names, including the Abandoned Chapel, Lost Theatre, Lake of Tranquillity and Bureau of Lost.
Tambora is a lost village and culture on Sumbawa Island buried by ash and pyroclastic flows from the massive 1815 eruption of Mount Tambora.
 The village had about 10,000 residents.
 Scientists unearthing the site have discovered ceramic pots, bronze bowls, glass bottles, and homes and villagers buried by ash in a manner similar to that of Pompeii.
 Scientists believe the customs and language of the culture were wiped out.
 The culture was visited by western explorers shortly before its demise.
 They are believed to have traded with Indochina, as their pottery resembles that found in Vietnam.
Dara Taylor is an African-American female composer for film and television scores.
 An HMMA-Nominated composer, she has composed music for a number of Independent films including thrillers, dramas and comedies.
 Through the years she has contributed additional music to ABC's "Agent Carter" and "Galavant" and Lifetime’s "Child Genius" as well as arrangements and score production for studio productions like "Bad Moms, Baywatch, Smurfs The Lost Village, Sausage Party",and more.
 In 2015, she was nominated for a Hollywood Music in Media Award for her score for the Together Magic film "Undetectable".
 In 2016, she was one of the composers asked to take part in Women in Film’s Women Composers in Media concert.
The Smurfette (French: "La Schtroumpfette") is the third album of the original French-language "Smurfs" comic series.
 The story has also been made into an episode of the Smurfs animated cartoon show, where the only known significant difference is that Smurfette stays in the village for the rest of the show's run.
 Apart from the titular story, it contains another one called "La Faim des Schtroumpfs" (""The Hunger of the Smurfs"").
The lost village of Braunstonbury lies in low ground south-west of the village of Braunston in the English county of Northamptonshire.
 Its site is on the eastern bank of the River Leam, which also marks the border between Northamptonshire and Warwickshire.
Cratendune (Medieval Latin: "vallis Cracti" ) is the name of the lost village reported in the "Liber Eliensis", the history of the abbey, then Ely Cathedral, compiled towards the end of the 12th century, as the 500th anniversary of the traditional founding date drew near.
 As no direction is indicated in "Liber Eliensis", a number of archaeological sites are therefore candidates for this lost village.
