Wong Fei-hung or Huang Feihong Memorial Hall is a museum in memory of Wong Fei-hung, located in Xinwen Street, Zumiao Road in the Chancheng District, Foshan City, north of the Foshan Ancestral Temple, covering an area of more than 5,000 m2 .
 The completion ceremony for the Wong Fei-hung Memorial Hall was held on January14, 2001.
 Its architecture is imitation Qing Dynasty (16441911) style, and includes an exhibition hall, auditorium, martial arts hall, and martial arts courtyards.
 In the exhibition hall, apart from introducing Wong Fei-hung's life story, there is also a comprehensive display of a variety of literary, artistic works as well as thousands of cultural relics relating to Wong Fei-hung.
Warriors Two () is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Sammo Hung, who also co-stars in the film.
 The film stars Bryan Leung, Casanova Wong and Fung Hak-on.
 Leung plays the character of the historical figure, Leung Jan (or Leung Tsan), a well-known early practitioner of the Wing Chun style of kung fu.
 Leung's association with Wing Chun can be considered as the equivalent of Wong Fei-hung's association with the Hung Gar style.
The Wong Fei Hung Series is a 1996 Hong Kong television film series of five stories about the Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung.
 The series was produced by Tsui Hark and starred Vincent Zhao, Maggie Shiu, Max Mok, Lau Shun, Kent Cheng, Hung Yan-yan, Power Chan and Cheung Chun-hung in the leading roles.
 It may be regarded as a television series counterpart to the "Once Upon a Time in China" film series, which were also produced by Tsui Hark and starred Vincent Zhao in two of the films.
Man from Guangdong is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts television series produced by TVB and tells the story of Leung Kan, portrayed by Aaron Kwok, the fictitious son of famed martial artist Leung Foon, whom was a favored disciple of folk hero Wong Fei-hung, portrayed by Shih Kien.
 Shih, who portrayed Wong in the series, was known for portraying antagonists in a series of Wong Fei-hung-related films during the 1940s to 1970s, while the series also features Sai Gwa-Pau reprising his role as "Buckteeth So" from the aforementioned series of films.
Thirteenth Aunt, Chinese given name Siu-kwan (少筠; "Siu-kwan", incorrectly translated in some subtitles as "Peony"), is a character created by Hong Kong director Tsui Hark for his 1991 martial arts film "Once Upon a Time in China".
 Siu-kwan (Rosamund Kwan) is the Western-educated love interest of the protagonist, Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung.
Last Hero in China is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Wong Jing.
 It is a derivative of the "Once Upon a Time in China" film series, and unlike other imitations, it can be considered a spin-off or parody to some extent.
 It was released after the first three films in the "Once Upon a Time in China" franchise.
 The film starred Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung and the action choreography was done by Yuen Woo-ping.
 However "Last Hero in China" differs greatly in tone from the "Once Upon a Time in China" films as it contains stronger elements of violence and broader, more slapstick, comedy.
 The film has 4 easter eggs: a Lifebuoy poster in 1894, a staff of the Monkey King, a guandao and Ne Zha's Universe Ring
Once Upon a Time in China II is a 1992 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Tsui Hark, and starring Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung.
 It is the second instalment in the "Once Upon a Time in China" film series.
 The iconic theme song, "A Man Should Better Himself" (男兒當自強), was performed in Cantonese by George Lam at the beginning of the film, and by Jackie Chan in the end credits.
 (Chan also sang the Mandarin version.)
Once Upon a Time in China and America, also known as Once Upon a Time in China VI, is a 1997 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Lau Kar-wing and Sammo Hung in his last directorial effort until "The Bodyguard", who also worked on the film's fight choreography.
 The film is the sixth and final installment in the "Once Upon a Time in China" film series.
 It also saw the return of Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung, who was replaced by Vincent Zhao in the fourth and fifth films.
 The film was released in the Hong Kong on 1 February 1997.
Simply Ordinary is a 1998 Hong Kong martial arts television series produced by TVB and stars Gordon Lam as famed martial artist Lam Sai-wing, who was also a known disciple of folk hero Wong Fei-hung.
 The series tells a largely fictional story of Lam before he became Wong's disciple.
Once Upon a Time in China V is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts action film written and directed by Tsui Hark.
 The film is the fifth installment in the "Once Upon a Time in China" film series, with Vincent Zhao reprising his role as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung, since taking over the character from Jet Li in "Once Upon a Time in China IV".
 The film also saw the return of Hark as director (he only co-wrote and produced the fourth film) and of Rosamund Kwan as "13th Aunt", who was absent in the fourth film.
