Gyula    is a Hungarian male given name.
 It was adopted as a given name sometime after the establishment of the Kingdom of Hungary.
 It was revived in the 19th century and is often associated with the Latin name Julius.
Rickard is both a surname and a masculine given name.
 It is of European origin and it is closely related to the given name Richard and the surnames Rickards and Richards.
Alex is a common given name commonly associated with the Greek name Alexandros.
 In English, it is usually a diminutive of the male given name Alexander, or its female equivalent Alexandra or Alexandria.
 Aleck or Alec is the Scottish form of Alex. The East European male name Alexey (Aleksei, Alexis, Aleksa) is also sometimes shortened to Alex. It is a commonly used nickname in Spanish for Alejandro, Alexandro, Alejandrino and Alexandrino, and related names like Alexa and Alexis.
Clarence Mintzer Ditlow III (January 26, 1944 – November 11, 2016) was an American consumer advocate closely associated with automotive safety.
 He was closely associated with Ralph Nader's organizations, and has been given credit for helping to instigate several critical safety changes within the auto industry.
Janes is an English patronymic family name.
 Its root is believed to be from the possessive of the given name "Jan" (see "Jayne"), "John" or "Ian".
 In England, the name appears to have its densest roots in Bedfordshire and Gloucestershire as well as a few in the East End of London though migration has spread it across the country and the English-speaking world.
 There are two coats of arms associated with Janeses, one Gloucester-based and the other Kent-based.
 Janes is an uncommon given name.
Fitzhugh is an English Anglo-Norman surname originating in Northamptonshire and Bedfordshire.
 It is patronymic as the prefix "Fitz-" derives from the Latin "filius", meaning "son of".
 Its variants include "FitzHugh", "Fitz-Hugh", "Fitz Hugh", "fitz Hugh", and its associated given name turned surname "Hugh".
 Fitzhugh is rare as a given name.
The Dakotas is a group of British musicians, which initially convened as a backing band in Manchester, England.
 However, they are most closely associated with the singer Billy J. Kramer, a Liverpudlian who was the lead vocalist for the group during the 1960s.
 In the U.S., they are regarded as part of the British Invasion.
Donald is a masculine given name derived from the Gaelic name "Dòmhnall".
 This comes from the Proto-Celtic *"Dumno-ualos" ("world-ruler" or "world-wielder").
 The final -"d" in "Donald" is partly derived from a misinterpretation of the Gaelic pronunciation by English speakers, and partly associated with the spelling of similar-sounding Germanic names, such as "Ronald".
 A short form of "Donald" is "Don".
 Pet forms of "Donald" include "Donnie" and "Donny".
 The feminine given name "Donella" is derived from "Donald".
Pacey is an English surname and given name variant of "Passy", a French locational origin surname, itself derived from the Gallo-Roman Praenomen "Paccius".
 The surname Pacey migrated to England during the 12th Century, and eventually evolved also into a given name, an example being the fictional character Pacey Witter on American television series, "Dawson's Creek".
 Pacey, itself a variant, is associated also with "Passie" (but not "Passi"), "Peacey", and "Piosey".
Bronwen (] ) is a Welsh feminine given name.
 It is closely associated with the similar name "Branwen", which appears in medieval Welsh literature.
 Used in Wales since the 19th century, it was introduced to the English-speaking public at large by a character in the Richard Llewellyn novel "How Green Was My Valley" (1939).
