Elizabeth Taylor (née Coles; 3 July 1912 – 19 November 1975) was an English novelist and short-story writer.
 Kingsley Amis described her as "one of the best English novelists born in this century."
 Antonia Fraser called her "one of the most underrated writers of the 20th century," while Hilary Mantel said she was "deft, accomplished and somewhat underrated."
The James Bond Dossier (1965), by Kingsley Amis, is a critical analysis of the James Bond novels.
 Amis dedicated the book to friend and background collaborator, the poet and historian Robert Conquest.
 Later, after Ian Fleming's death, Amis was commissioned as the first continuation novelist for the James Bond novel series, writing "Colonel Sun" (1968) under the pseudonym Robert Markham.
 "The James Bond Dossier" was the first, formal, literary study of the James Bond character.
 More recent studies of Fleming's secret agent and his world include "The Politics of James Bond: From Fleming’s Novels to the Big Screen" (2001), by the historian Jeremy Black.
Nicholas Whittaker (born 1953) is a British writer of non-fiction books on popular culture, often incorporating autobiographical extracts from his own life.
 He was born in Shrewsbury and lived in Burton upon Trent until 1975.
 Whittaker has worked as a freelance journalist for pornographic magazines, interviewing figures such as Ray Cooney, Divine, Donald Sinden, Steve Harley, Justin de Villeneuve, Uri Geller and Kingsley Amis for "Club International".
Zachary Leader (born 1946) is a professor of English Literature at the University of Roehampton.
 He was an undergraduate at Northwestern University, and later pursued graduate study at Trinity College, Cambridge and at Harvard University.
 Though born in the U.S. and remaining an American citizen, Leader has lived and worked for over forty years in the UK.
 His best-known works are probably "The Letters of Kingsley Amis", which he edited and published in 2001, and "The Life of Kingsley Amis" (2006, UK; 2007, US), a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize in Biography.
 The first volume of his two-volume biography of Saul Bellow, "The Life of Saul Bellow: To Fame and Fortune, 1915-1964", was published in May 2015 by Alfred Knopf in the US and Jonathan Cape in the UK.
 "On Life-Writing", an edited collection, will be published in September by OUP.
 He is General Editor of the Oxford History of Life-Writing, a seven-volume series published by OUP.
 A recipient of Guggenheim, Leverhulme and British Academy Fellowships, he is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.
Colonel Sun is a novel by Kingsley Amis published by Jonathan Cape on 28 March 1968 under the pseudonym "Robert Markham".
 "Colonel Sun" is the first James Bond continuation novel published after Ian Fleming's 1964 death.
 Before writing the novel, Amis wrote two other Bond related works, the literary study "The James Bond Dossier" and the humorous "The Book of Bond".
 "Colonel Sun" centres on the fictional British Secret Service operative James Bond and his mission to track down the kidnappers of M, his superior at the Secret Service.
 During the mission he discovers a communist Chinese plot to cause an international incident.
 Bond, assisted by a Greek spy working for the Russians, finds M on a small Aegean island, rescues him and kills the two main plotters: Colonel Sun Liang-tan and a former Nazi commander, Von Richter.
The Book of Bond or, Every Man His Own 007 is a book by Kingsley Amis which was first published by Jonathan Cape in 1965.
 For this work, Amis used the pseudonym Lt.-Col.
 William ("Bill") Tanner.
 In Ian Fleming's James Bond novels, Bill Tanner is M's chief of staff and a recurring character throughout the series.
Robert Markham is a pseudonym used by author Kingsley Amis to publish "Colonel Sun" in March 1968.
 The book was the first continuation James Bond novel following the death of Bond's creator, Ian Fleming.
The Letters of Kingsley Amis (2001) was assembled and edited by the American literary critic Zachary Leader.
 It is a collection of more than 800 letters from Amis to many different friends and professional acquaintances from 1941 until shortly before his death in 1995.
 About one quarter of the letters selected were addressed to Amis's close friend, the poet Philip Larkin.
The Green Man (ISBN  ) is a 1969 novel by British author Kingsley Amis.
 A "Times Literary Supplement" reviewer described "The Green Man" as "three genres of novel in one": ghost story, moral fable, and comic novel.
 The novel reflects Amis's willingness to experiment with genre novels (e.g., "The Alteration" (science fiction/alternate history), or "Colonel Sun: a James Bond Adventure") while displaying many of the characteristics of his conventional novels, both in superficial aspects such as fogeyishness and problems with alcohol, and in more substantive aspects such as a self-reflective observation of human cruelty and selfishness in everyday relations.
Lucky Jim is a novel by Kingsley Amis, published in 1954 by Victor Gollancz.
 It was Amis' first novel and won the 1955 Somerset Maugham Award for fiction.
 The novel follows the exploits of the eponymous James (Jim) Dixon, a reluctant lecturer at an unnamed provincial English university.
