Osieki Słupskie (German "Wusseken", Kreis "Stolp") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
 It lies approximately 16 km east of Ustka, 16 km north of Słupsk, and 104 km west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Two and One-Half Mile Village is an Indian settlement in southeast Yukon, Canada.
 It is located on the Robert Campbell Highway (Highway 4), approximately 16 km northwest of Watson Lake.
 The settlement is recognized as a census subdivision by Statistics Canada.
Kosowa Niwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
 It lies approximately 16 km south-west of Czersk, 16 km east of Chojnice, and 92 km south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
RAF El Amiriya is a former Royal Air Force military airfield in Egypt, located approximately 16 km south-southwest of Alexandria; 180 km northwest of Cairo
Konigort is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
 It lies approximately 16 km west of Czersk, 16 km north-east of Chojnice, and 89 km south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Gąbino , (German: "Gambin" ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
 It lies approximately 16 km east of Ustka, 16 km north of Słupsk, and 103 km west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Pniewo (German: "Pinnow" ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
 It lies approximately 16 km north-east of Płoty, 16 km east of Gryfice, and 78 km north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Zielony Kąt is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
 It lies approximately 16 km east of Ryki and 55 km northwest of the regional capital Lublin.
Charles Prince Airport (ICAO: FVCP) , formerly named Mount Hampden and renamed after former airport manager Charles Prince (who was a Royal Air Force officer during World War II), is approximately 16 km northwest of Harare, Zimbabwe.
Jaffna Airport (Tamil: யாழ்ப்பாணம் விமான நிலையம் , Sinhalese: යාපනය ගුවන්තොටුපළ ) (IATA: JAF, ICAO: VCCJ) is an air force base and domestic airport in Palaly in northern Sri Lanka.
 Located approximately 16 km north of the city of Jaffna, the airport is also known as Palaly Airport and SLAF Palaly.
 Originally built by the Royal Air Force during World War II, it served as the country's second international airport before being taken over by the Sri Lanka Air Force.
