The Kasi (Pashto: کاسي‎ ) or Kansi (Pashto: کانسي‎ ) are a Pashtun supertribe son of Kharshbun son of Sarban tribal confederacy, primarily found in Pakistan, and Afghanistan.
 A large part of the Kasi tribe live in the city of Quetta Balochistan, and Pakistan.
 Another large part of the Kasi confederacy is known as Shinwari, mainly settled in the eastern valleys of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan and around Landi Kotal in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, and Kohat District Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan.
Prophetstown State Park, named after Tenskwatawa ("The Prophet"), a religious leader and younger brother of Shawnee leader Tecumseh, is located near the town of Battle Ground, Indiana, United States, about a mile east of the site of the Battle of Tippecanoe.
 Established in 2004, it is Indiana’s newest state park.
 The park is home to the Museum at Prophetstown, which recreates a Native American village and a 1920s-era farm.
Tecumseh's Confederacy was a group of Native Americans in the Old Northwest that began to form in the early 19th century around the teaching of Tenskwatawa (The Prophet).
 The confederation grew over several years and came to include several thousand warriors.
 Shawnee leader Tecumseh, the brother of The Prophet, developed into the leader of the group as early as 1808.
 Deemed a threat to the United States, a preemptive strike against the confederation was launched resulting in the 1811 Battle of Tippecanoe.
 Under Tecumseh's leadership, the confederation went to war with the United States during Tecumseh's War and the War of 1812.
 Following the death of Tecumseh in 1813 the confederation fell apart.
The Battle of Tippecanoe ( ) was fought on November 7, 1811, in what is now Battle Ground, Indiana, between American forces led by Governor William Henry Harrison of the Indiana Territory and Native American warriors associated with the Shawnee leader Tecumseh.
 Tecumseh and his brother Tenskwatawa (commonly known as "The Prophet") were leaders of a confederacy of Native Americans from various tribes that opposed US expansion into Native territory.
 As tensions and violence increased, Governor Harrison marched with an army of about 1,000 men to disperse the confederacy's headquarters at Prophetstown, near the confluence of the Tippecanoe and Wabash Rivers.
The following units of the U.S. Army and state militia forces under Indiana Governor William Henry Harrison, fought against the Native American warriors of Tecumseh's Confederacy, led by Chief Tecumseh's brother, Tenskwatawa "The Prophet" at the battle of Tippecanoe on November 7, 1811.
Ẓafār or Dhafar (Ar ظفار) "Ðafār " (museum: UTM: 435700E, 1571160 N zone 38P, 14°12'N, 44°24'E, deviating slightly from Google Earth) is an ancient Himyarite site situated in Yemen, some 130 km south-south-east of today's capital, Sana'a.
 Given mention in several ancient texts, there is little doubt about the pronunciation of the name.
 Despite the opinion of local patriots in Oman, this site in the Yemen is far older than its namesake there.
 It lies in the Yemenite highlands at some 2800 m.
 The closest large town is Yarim, which is 10 km directly to the north-north-west.
 Zafar was the capital of the Himyarites (110 BCE - 525 CE), which at its peak ruled most of the Arabia.
 The Himyar are not a tribe, but rather a tribal confederacy.
 For 250 years the confederacy and its allies combined territory extended past Riyadh to the north and the Euphrates to the north-east.
 Zafar was the Himyarite capital in Southern Arabia prior to the Aksumite conquest.
Ziri ibn Atiyya (Berber language: Ziri n Ɛaṭiyya Ameɣraw) also known as Ziri ibn Atiyya ibn Abd Allah ibn Tabādalt ibn Muhammad ibn Khazar az-Zanātī al-Maghrāwī al-Khazarī (died 1001) was the first tribal leader of the Berber Maghrawa tribal confederacy and kingdom.
The Battle of Fallen Timbers (August 20, 1794) was the final battle of the Northwest Indian War, a struggle between Native American tribes affiliated with the Western Confederacy, including support from the British led by Captain Alexander McKillop, against the United States for control of the Northwest Territory (an area north of the Ohio River, east of the Mississippi River, and southwest of the Great Lakes).
 This land had been ceded to the United States in accordance with the Treaty of Paris (1783), but the Native Americans (who had not been party to the treaty) refused to comply with the treaty and relinquish control.
 British army bases were maintained there to support their Native allies.
 This ultimately led to the American offensive and subsequent British-Indian withdrawal from the territory altogether following the Treaty of Greenville.
 The battle, which was a decisive victory for the United States, ended major hostilities in the region until Tecumseh's War and the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811.
Native American Shawnee warrior and chief, who became the primary leader of a large, multi-tribal confederacy in the early years of the nineteenth century.
 Born in the Ohio Country (present-day Ohio), and growing up during the American Revolutionary War and the Northwest Indian War, Tecumseh was exposed to warfare and envisioned the establishment of an independent Indian nation east of the Mississippi River under British protection and worked to recruit additional members to his tribal confederacy from the southern United States.
Tenskwatawa (also called Tenskatawa, Tenskwatawah, Tensquatawa or Lalawethika) (January 1775 – November 1836) was a Native American religious and political leader of the Shawnee tribe, known as the Prophet or the Shawnee Prophet.
 He was a younger brother of Tecumseh, leader of the Shawnee.
 In his early years Tenskwatawa was given the name Lalawethika ("He Makes a Loud Noise" or "The Noise Maker"), but he changed it around 1805 and transformed himself from a hapless, alcoholic youth into an influential spiritual leader.
 Tenskwatawa denounced the Americans, calling them the offspring of the Evil Spirit, and lead a purification movement that promoted unity among the American Indians, rejected acculturation to the American way of life, and encouraged his followers to pursue traditional ways.
