The Muramatsu company is a Japanese company that manufactures flutes.
 Their handmade flutes are made from sterling silver, 9K, 14K, 18K, and 24K gold, as well as platinum.
 The 18K, 24K, and platinum flutes may be purchased by special order only.
Watts Brothers Tool Works is a tool manufacturer located in Wilmerding, Pennsylvania.
 They are known for manufacturing drill bits that can drill square holes, including blind holes which cannot be made with other methods such as broaching.
 The Harry Watts square drill bit is based on a Reuleaux triangle shape, and is used together with a guide and a special chuck to make a square hole.
 Similarly, the company also manufactures drill bits for other angular holes such as pentagons and hexagons.
Favre-Leuba is a Swiss manufacturer of wristwatches headquartered in Solothurn, Switzerland.
 It was a pioneer in watch design, manufacturing and distribution, thus contributing immensely to the Swiss watchmaking industry.
 The foundation of the brand was laid in 1737 when Abraham Favre was registered as a watchmaker, so it has been reported as the second-oldest watch brand in Switzerland.
Triangle Group (also known as Triangle Tyre) is a Chinese tire company that manufactures a range of tires for vehicles from passenger cars to construction equipment and tires fit for special purposes.
 As of 2015 it is the 14th largest tire maker in the world according to Tyres & Accessories.
Carpenter Technology Corporation develops, manufactures and distributes cast/wrought and powder metal stainless steels and special alloys including high temperature (iron-nickel-cobalt base), stainless, superior corrosion resistant, controlled expansion alloys, ultra-high strength and implantable alloys, tool and die steels and other specialty metals, as well as cast/wrought titanium alloys.
 It also manufactures and rents down-hole drilling tools and components used in the oil and gas industry.
The Lavet type stepping motor has widespread use as a drive in electro-mechanical clocks and is a special kind of single-phase stepping motor.
 Both analog and stepped-movement quartz clocks use the Lavet type stepping motor.
 See Quartz clock.
 Through miniaturization it can be used in wristwatches and requires very little power, making a battery last for many years.
 The French engineer Marius Lavet is known as the inventor for this kind of drives and described it in 1936 in his patent application FR823395.
Kimber Manufacturing is an American company that designs, manufactures, and distributes small arms such as M1911 pistols, Solo pistols and rifles.
 The USA Shooting Team, Marines assigned to Special Operations Command, and the LAPD SWAT team use Kimber pistols.
Ariella is a British fashion brand of cocktail, evening and special occasion wear founded in 1966.
 Ariella designs, manufactures, wholesales and retails women’s fashion.
 Ariella sells under their own labels - retail label Ariella London and designer label Ariella Couture, as well as under clients’ labels.
 In April 2015 Ariella opened its flagship store in Brent Cross Shopping Centre.
A backlight is a form of illumination used in liquid crystal displays (LCDs).
 As LCDs do not produce light by themselves (unlike, for example cathode ray tube (CRT) displays), they need illumination (ambient light or a special light source) to produce a visible image.
 Backlights illuminate the LCD from the side or back of the display panel, unlike frontlights, which are placed in front of the LCD.
 Backlights are used in small displays to increase readability in low light conditions such as in wristwatches, and are used in smart phones, computer displays and LCD televisions to produce light in a manner similar to a CRT display.
 A review of some early backlighting schemes for LCDs is given in a report "Engineering and Technology History" by Peter J. Wild.
Nanoreactors are a form of chemical reactor that are particularly in the disciplines of nanotechnology and nanobiotechnology.
 These special reactors are crucial in maintaining a working nanofoundry; which is essentially a foundry that manufactures products on a nanotechnological scale.
