Love's Christmas Journey is a 2011 American TV film based on a series of books by Janette Oke though there is no corresponding book for this film.
 It aired on Hallmark Channel on November 5, 2011.
 The film is part of the "Love Comes Softly" series of television movies on Hallmark Channel that includes "Love Comes Softly" (2003), "Love's Enduring Promise" (2004), "Love's Long Journey" (2005), "Love's Abiding Joy" (2006), "Love's Unending Legacy" (2007), "Love's Unfolding Dream" (2007), and "Love Takes Wing" (2009), and "Love Finds a Home" (2009), as well as two prequels; "Love Begins" (2011) and "Love's Everlasting Courage (2011)."
 The story focuses on Ellie King (née Davis) and Aaron Davis, the now adult children of Clark and Marty Davis and half-siblings of Missy Davis.
 Clark and Marty were introduced in "Love Comes Softly" along with Clark's daughter Missy.
 While the rest of the films, excluding the prequels, follow the lives of Missy and, eventually, her family, this story does not include her and is set at an unspecified point, part way through the series.
A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner!
 (or simply known as A Fairly Odd Movie) is a 2011 American live action television film based on the animated series "The Fairly OddParents".
 It first aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on July 9, 2011 to celebrate the series's tenth anniversary.
 Unlike the previous animated films of the series, this film was presented in live-action mixed with CGI animation.
 This is the second live-action film to be based on a Nicktoon (preluding "" and the first being "The Last Airbender").
 The television film was viewed by 5.8 million viewers during its original airing.
G-Unit Films and Television Inc. is an American film and television production company founded by rapper 50 Cent and Interscope in 2003.
 In 2008, 50 Cent stated in an interview that he has created his own independent film production company with Randall Emmett called Cheetah Vision, technically scrapping G-Unit Films.
 In 2010, Jackson revived G-Unit Films, renaming the company to G-Unit Films and Television Inc.
 The company has joint ventures with Will Packer’s production company Will Packer Productions and Universal Television.
 In over 18 months, Jackson has sold projects to six different networks.
 Among them was "Power", a STARZ drama in which he not only co-stars but also serves as co-creator and executive producer.
 “Power” debuted in June 2014 and was renewed for a second season after one episode.
 “Power’s” August 2 season finale garnered the high ratings through the season, more than doubling the premiere and it generated 71% of the African-American viewership of any scripted premium series since 2006.
 Jackson serves as a co‐star, co-creator and executive television producer of the STARZ network drama where he signed a 2 year contract with representation coming from the Agency for the Performing Arts.
 Ratings have been a success for Starz.
 with the second season premiere being the highest-ever season with 1.43 million people tuning in live.
 Jackson also serves as an executive television producer for "Dream School" for SundanceTV, a series that follows fifteen high school dropouts as they are taught by a series of celebrity "teachers".
Hunter × Hunter: The Last Mission (劇場版 HUNTER×HUNTER -The LAST MISSION- , Gekijō-ban HUNTER×HUNTER -The LAST MISSION- ) is a 2013 Japanese animated feature film directed by Keiichiro Kawaguchi.
 Released on December 27, 2013, it is the second film based on the "Hunter × Hunter" manga series created by Yoshihiro Togashi.
The Rum Diary is a 2011 American film based on the novel of the same name by Hunter S. Thompson.
 The film was written and directed by Bruce Robinson and stars Johnny Depp.
 Filming began in Puerto Rico in March 2009.
 It was released on October 28, 2011.
John Stainton is an Australian film and television producer and director.
 He was close friends with Australian naturalist Steve Irwin prior to his death in September 2006.
 Stainton also created Irwin's popular nature documentary television series, "The Crocodile Hunter", in which he also directed and executive produced every episode (save for a few specials), as well as the spin-offs, "Croc Files" and "The Crocodile Hunter Diaries", and the feature-film, "".
Tyshane Thompson, currently known as Beam and formerly Tyshane and Elite, is an American hip hop producer.
 In addition to his solo work, he formed the production duo 808&Elite with Matt Massaro.
 He is the son of dancehall and gospel reggae pioneer Papa San.
 According to Thompson's father, he started producing at age ten.
 He first received notice when he produced for Andy Mineo on the tracks "Young", featuring KB, and "Michael Jackson", featuring Thi'sl, Rich Perez, R-Swift, and Bubba Watson, from the album "Formerly Known" in 2011.
 In 2012 he produced the highly popular, Jamaican-tinged song "Black Rose" by Lecrae on the mixtape "Church Clothes".
 He also appeared in the final episode of the web-series "Saturday Morning Car-Tunez", created by Andy Mineo, where he helped remix the Puff Daddy song "It's All About the Benjamins".
 On July 6, 2012, Thompson and Matt Massaro, under the name 808&Elite, released the single "Me Monster", featuring Andy Mineo, from their upcoming beat-tape, "Diamonds x Pearls".
 The tape was made available two days later for free download exclusively through the Christian hip-hop website Rapzilla.
 Thompson's talent was praised by critics when he and ThaInnaCircle produced the bass-heavy, East Coast style, reggae and dancehall-influenced song "Violence" by Lecrae from the Grammy-winning album "Gravity", released on September 4, 2012.
 In October, 2012, Thompson competed at the second Annual Rapzilla.com Beat Battle at the 2012 Flavor Fest.
 Thompson, his father Papa San and brother Tyrone Andrew, are working on a collaborative project.
 808 & Elite now produces under Street Symphony's Track or Die label.
 In addition to his work with his father and brother, Lecrae, and Andy Mineo, Tyshane has produced, both independently and as part of 808 & Elite, for artists such as 2 Chainz, Yo Gotti, Tedashii, Tracy T, SPZRKT, GABRL, and KIDD.
Hunter × Hunter: Phantom Rouge (劇場版 HUNTER×HUNTER <ruby ><rb>緋色の幻影</rb><rp> (</rp><rt >ファントム・ルージュ</rt><rp>)</rp></ruby> , Gekijō-ban HUNTER×HUNTER Fantomu Rūju ) is the first Japanese animated feature film based on the "Hunter × Hunter" franchise created by Yoshihiro Togashi.
 The film features the four main characters, Gon, Killua, Kurapika and Leorio reunited to face a dangerous individual who once was a member of their greatest enemies, the criminal organization "Phantom Troupe".
 The film opened at number one in Japan on January 12, 2013.
Ross Hunter (May 6, 1926 March 10, 1996) was an American film and television producer and actor.
 Hunter is best known for producing light comedies such as "Pillow Talk" (1959), and the glamorous melodramas "Magnificent Obsession" (1954), "Imitation of Life" (1959), and "Back Street" (1961).
Blake Hunter (born January 1934) is an American television producer and writer.
 He is best known as the co-creator of the sitcom "Who's the Boss?
", which aired on ABC from 1984 until 1992.
 Hunter created "Who's the Boss?"
, which co-starred Tony Danza and Judith Light, in 1984 with business partner Martin "Marty" Cohan.
