The Sierra Seminary (originally: Miss Clapp's School) was a private, co-educational school in Carson City, Nevada, US.
 With the support of the Nevada Territory Legislature, Governor James W. Nye and U.S. Senator William Morris Stewart, it was established in 1860, and founded the following year, by Hannah Keziah Clapp, the first instructor and librarian at the University of Nevada, Reno.
 Clapp was assisted by Mrs. Cutler and later by Miss Elizabeth C. Babcock.
 Many of Nevada's prominent citizens of the day were educated at this school.
 By 1864, there were about 40 students, and in 1865, a new building was erected.
 Mark Twain visited Sierra Seminary twice, subsequently incorporating some of what he observed into his 1876 novel, "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer".
 It existed until approximately 1886.
Bill Nye Saves the World is an American television show currently streaming on Netflix hosted by Bill Nye.
 The show's byline is, "Emmy-winning host Bill Nye brings experts and famous guests to his lab for a talk show exploring scientific issues that touch our lives", with the series' focus placed on science its relationship with politics, pop culture, and society.
 The first season explores topics such as climate change, alternative medicine, and video games from a scientific point of view, while also refuting myths and anti-scientific claims.
Truman W. "True" Williams (March 22, 1839 – November 23, 1897) was an American artist known as the most prolific illustrator to Mark Twain's books and novels.
 He drew all illustrations to the first edition of "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" (1876) and was thus the first to illustrate such characters as Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn.
 He was also sole illustrator of Twain's "Sketches, New and Old" and primary illustrator of "Roughing It" and "The Innocents Abroad".
 Working with a number of publishers he also illustrated works by writers Bill Nye, George W. Peck, Joaquin Miller, and others.
 His style in "Tom Sawyer" influenced E. W. Kemble's work in his illustrations to "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" (1884).
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a 1938 American literature adaptation directed by Norman Taurog starring Tommy Kelly in the title role.
 The screenplay by John V. A. Weaver was based on the classic 1876 novel by Mark Twain.
 The picture was the first film version of the novel to be made in color.
 It was remade in 1973 as a musical.
The Mark Twain Boyhood Home, now known as the Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum, is located on 206-208 Hill Street, Hannibal, Missouri, on the west bank of the Mississippi River in the United States.
 It was the home of Samuel Langhorne Clemens from 1844 to 1853.
 Clemens, better known as author Mark Twain, found the inspiration for many of his stories, including the white picket fence, while living here.
 It has been open to the public as a museum since 1912, and was designated a National Historic Landmark on December 29, 1962.
 It is located in the Mark Twain Historic District.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain is an 1876 novel about a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River.
 It is set in the fictional town of St. Petersburg, inspired by Hannibal, Missouri, where Twain lived.
The Mark Twain Memorial Bridge is the name for two bridges over the Mississippi River at Hannibal, Missouri, childhood home of Mark Twain, for whom the bridge is named.
 The current bridge, north of the original bridge, was finished in 2000.
 The bridge currently carries traffic for Interstate 72 and U.S. Highway 36.
 The state of Missouri has put up a stone picture of Twain on the Missouri side of the bridge.
Mark Twain: Words & Music is a double-CD produced by Grammy Award-winner Carl Jackson, a Bluegrass and Country music artist, as a benefit for the Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum, a non-profit foundation in Hannibal, Missouri.
 The project tells the life story of Mark Twain (Samuel Clemens) in spoken word and song and features many well-known artists.
 "Run Mississippi" by Rhonda Vincent reached #2 on the Bluegrass Today charts the same week that "Comet Ride" by Ricky Skaggs reached #7.
 The album was released on September 21, 2011 and is the most downloaded Americana album of all time on AirPlay Direct, an online music source for radio stations, with more than 7,000 downloads its first year.
Mark Twain Cave — originally McDowell's Cave — is a show cave located near Hannibal, Missouri, USA.
 It is the oldest operating show cave in the state, giving tours continuously since 1886.
 Along with nearby Cameron Cave, it became a registered National Natural Landmark in 1972, with a citation reading "Exceptionally good examples of the maze type of cavern development".
 Mark Twain Cave — as "McDougal's Cave" — plays an important role in the novel "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" (1876) by Mark Twain and was later renamed in honor of the author, a Hannibal native.
Manga Hero is an American publisher based in San Rafael, California that publishes graphic novels influence by Japanese manga.
 The company’s stories typically involve heroic characters that usually come from a Jewish or Christian background.
 Manga Hero’s current publications include "Paul: Tarsus to Redemption", written by Matthew Salisbury and Gabrielle Gniewek, as well as "Judith: Captive to Conqueror" and "Many Are Called" both written by Gabrielle Gniewek.
 The writers are from John Paul the Great Catholic University in San Diego.
 Sean Lam illustrated both series and lives in Singapore.
 Sean also illustrated a single volume comic titled "It Takes a Wizard" published by Seven Seas Entertainment in 2009.
 The organizers of World Youth Day 2011 recently announced that Manga Hero will launch a special comic titled "Habemus Papam!"
 where 300,000 copies will be distributed during the event in Madrid.
 This comic chronicles the life of Pope Benedict XVI and will be published in English and Spanish.
 Manga Hero hired Regina Doman in 2012 to write a more detailed graphic novel biography of Pope Benedict XVI, also illustrated by Sean Lam, based on the World Youth Day 2011 book and also titled "Habemus Papam!"
 In 2014, the publisher developed a full color graphic novel about Pope Francis written by Regina Doman and illustrated by Sean Lam.
 Manga Hero is also developing graphic novels on Pope John Paul II and Maximilian Kolbe.
