Eva Menasse (born May 11, 1970 in Vienna) is an Austrian author and journalist.
 She has studied history and German literature.
 Menasse had a successful career as a journalist, writing for the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung in Frankfurt and as a correspondent from Prague and Berlin.
 She left the paper to write her first novel, "Vienna", and now lives and works in Berlin as a freelance author.
Anna Wilhelmine Gmeyner (16 March 1902 – 3 January 1991) was an exiled German and Austrian author, playwright and scriptwriter, who is now best known for her novel "Manja" (1939).
 She also wrote under the names Anna Reiner, and Anna Morduch.
 Her daughter was the children's writer Eva Ibbotson.
Marlen Haushofer "née" Marie Helene Frauendorfer (11 April 1920 – 21 March 1970) was an Austrian author, most famous for her novel "The Wall".
Bambi's Children: The Story of a Forest Family (German: Bambis Kinder: Eine Familie im Walde ) is a novel written by Austrian author Felix Salten as a sequel to his successful work "Bambi, A Life in the Woods".
«Airship.
 From Zedlitz» ("«On the blue waves of the ocean ..." ») (Russian: «Возду́шный кора́бль.
 Из Це́длица» («По синим волнам океана…») ) is a ballad from the Napoleonic cycle Lermontov's poems, written and published in 1840.
 It is a free translation from the German language Austrian romantic writings of Joseph Christian Freiherr von Zedlitz, titled "Das Geisterschiff" ("ghost ship", 1832).
 The individual fragments Russian poem was influenced by another ballad of the same Austrian author - "Night parade" (Die nächtliche Heerschau; 1827), published in Russian in 1836 in translation by Zhukovsky.
The Bone Man (German: Der Knochenmann) is a 2009 Austrian film directed by Wolfgang Murnberger.
 The script is based on the novel "Der Knochenmann" by Austrian author Wolf Haas.
The Robber (German: Der Räuber ) is a 2010 drama film directed by Benjamin Heisenberg.
 The film is based on a novel by the Austrian author Martin Prinz, and was shot on location in Vienna.
 The main character, Johann Rettenberger, is based on Austrian bank-robber and runner Johann Kastenberger.
 The film was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
Dr Ernst Weiss (German: Weiß, August 28, 1882 – June 15, 1940) was a German-speaking Austrian author of Jewish descent.
 He is the author of "" (The Eyewitness), a novel dealing with the Hitler period.
Es muss nicht immer Kaviar sein ("It Can’t Always Be Caviar") is a TV adaption of a novel of the same name by Austrian author Johannes Mario Simmel.
 Directed by Thomas Engel Siegfried Rauch walks in the footsteps of O. W. Fischer who played the protagonist "Thomas Lieven" already in 1961, just one year after the bestseller had been released.
 The series is unique for providing a little cooking show at the end of each episode.
 The book also includes recipes because "Thomas Lieven" is an accomplished amateur cook.
Trotta is a 1971 West German film directed by Johannes Schaaf.
 It is based on the 1938 novel "Die Kapuzinergruft" ("The Emperor's Tomb") by Austrian author Joseph Roth.
 It was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 45th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 It was also entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.
