"The Little Match Girl" (Danish: "Den Lille Pige med Svovlstikkerne" , meaning "The little girl with the matchsticks") is a short story by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen.
 The story, about a dying child's dreams and hope, was first published in 1845.
 It has been adapted to various media, including an animated short film, a television musical, and an animated virtual reality story called "Allumette".
Hans Christian Andersen is a 1952 Hollywood musical film directed by Charles Vidor, with lyrics and music by Frank Loesser.
 The story was by Myles Connolly, screenplay written by Moss Hart and Ben Hecht (uncredited), and Samuel Goldwyn Productions were the producers.
 It is a fictional, romantic story revolving around the life of the famous Danish poet and story-teller Hans Christian Andersen.
 The film stars Danny Kaye in the title role.
“The Most Incredible Thing" (Danish: "Det Utroligste" ) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875).
 The story is about a contest to find the most incredible thing and the wondrous consequences when the winner is chosen.
 The tale was first published in an English translation by Horace Scudder, an American correspondent of Andersen's, in the United States in September 1870 before being published in the original Danish in Denmark in October 1870.
 "The Most Incredible Thing" was the first of Andersen's tales to be published in Denmark during World War II.
 Andersen considered the tale one of his best.
The Hans Christian Andersen Museum is a museum dedicated to famous author Hans Christian Andersen in Odense, Denmark.
 It is located in the building which is thought his birthplace, a small yellow house on the corner of Hans Jensens Stræde and Bangs Boder in the old town.
 In 1908, the house was opened as the Hans Christian Andersen Museum.
 It documents his life from his childhood years as the son of a struggling shoemaker, to his schooling, career as an author, and later life, with artefacts providing an insight into his acquaintances and adventures.
 Andersen's childhood home is on Munkemøllestræde not far from the cathedral.
 He lived in the little half-timbered house from the age of two until he was 14.
 Opened as a museum in 1930, the house contains an exhibition of the cobbling tools used by his father and other items based on Andersen's own descriptions.
The World of Hans Christian Andersen (アンデルセン物語 , Andersen Monogatari ) is a 1968 Japanese animated family fantasy film from Toei Doga, based on the works of Danish author Hans Christian Andersen.
 It was released in Japan on March 19, 1968.
 The film was licensed in North America by United Artists in 1971.
Allumette; A Fable, with Due Respect to Hans Christian Andersen, the Grimm Brothers, and the Honorable Ambrose Bierce, by Tomi Ungerer, was originally published in 1974.
 It is a "reimagining" of "The Little Match Girl" by Hans Christian Andersen.
 The book's extended title references Andersen, for "The Little Match Girl", as well as fairy tale authors the Brothers Grimm, and satirist Ambrose Bierce.
 The book was initially published in 1974, and carried in the United States by Parents' Magazine Press and Scholastic, both bargain retailers.
 It was also briefly reprinted in 1986, but has since gone out of print again.
Thumbelina (also known as Hans Christian Andersen's Thumbelina) is a 1994 American animated musical fantasy film directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman from a screenplay by Bluth based on the book of the same name by Hans Christian Andersen and starring the voices Jodi Benson, Gary Imhoff and Joe Lynch, with supporting roles from Gino Conforti, Gilbert Gottfried, Carol Channing and John Hurt.
 The film was produced by Don Bluth Entertainment and was released to movie theaters by Warner Bros.
 Family Entertainment on March 30, 1994.
"The Red Shoes" (Danish: "De røde sko") is a fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen first published by C.A. Reitzel in Copenhagen 7 April 1845 in "New Fairy Tales.
 First Volume.
 Third Collection.
 1845."
 ("Nye Eventyr.
 Første Bind.
 Tredie Samling.
 1845.")
.
 Other tales in the volume include "The Elf Mound" ("Elverhøi"), "The Jumpers" ("Springfyrene"), "The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweep" ("Hyrdinden og Skorstensfejeren"), and "Holger Danske" ("Holger Danske").
Hans Christian Andersen: My Life as a Fairytale is a 2001 semi-biographical television miniseries that fictionalizes the young life of Danish author Hans Christian Andersen.
 It was directed by Philip Saville and starred Kieran Bew as the title character.
 Various Hans Christian Andersen fairytales are included as short interludes of the story, and intertwined into the events of the young author's life.
The Little Mermaid is an upcoming 2017 live-action fantasy-adventure film loosely based on the original Hans Christian Andersen novel of the same name.
