Sachin H. Jain (born in 1980 in New York City and raised in Alpine, New Jersey) is an American physician and health policy analyst who held leadership positions in the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC).
 He is president and chief executive officer at the CareMore Health System after serving as Chief Medical Information and Innovation Officer at Merck and Co, lecturer in health care policy at Harvard Medical School, and attending physician at the Boston VA Hospital.
 He is also co-founder and co-Editor-in-Chief of "Healthcare: The Science of Delivery and Innovation", consulting professor of medicine at the Stanford University School of Medicine, and a Contributor at Forbes.
Known informally at the BJ scholars, this summer fellowship is sponsored by the Kaiser Family Foundation.
 The program brings talented African American, Hispanic/Latino, American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian, and Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander college seniors and recent graduates to Washington, D.C., where they are placed in congressional offices and learn about health policy.
 Through the nine-week program, scholars gain knowledge about federal legislative procedure and health policy issues, while further developing their critical thinking and leadership skills.
 In addition to gaining experience in a congressional office, Scholars participate in seminars and site visits to augment their knowledge of health care issues, and write and present a health policy research memo.
Everette James is Professor of Health Policy and Management at the University of Pittsburgh and Director of the University of Pittsburgh’s Health Policy Institute (HPI).
 In September, 2014 he was named to the M. Allen Pond Endowed Chair in Health Policy and Management.
 He teaches graduate courses on the history of U.S. health reform and writes and speaks frequently on healthcare business and legal issues.
Marion C. Greene (born July 16, 1970) is a Hennepin County commissioner (District 3) and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 60A, which included portions of the city of Minneapolis in Hennepin County, which is in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 A Democrat, she was a health policy analyst for St. Jude Medical in Little Canada.
25 (Toronto) Field Ambulance (formerly "25 (Toronto) Medical Company") is a Canadian Forces Primary Reserve (militia) medical unit in Toronto, Ontario.
 The company-strength formation is part of 4 Health Services Group, which is headquartered in Montreal, Quebec.
 It is the only Primary Reserve medical unit in Toronto.
 The unit fields a medical company, a services support company, and an HQ element.
 The unit's name is often abbreviated to 25 Fd Amb.
The California Center for Public Health Advocacy, located in Davis, California, is a nonprofit lobbying organization founded in 1999 by California’s two public health associations which, according to its website, "tackles the underlying factors that perpetuate childhood obesity and undermine parents’ desire to keep their children healthy: multibillion-dollar marketing and overwhelming availability of unhealthy foods and beverages, limited access to fresh fruits and vegetables in far too many communities, schools failing to provide quality physical education, cities designed for cars rather than pedestrians and bicyclists, and lack of safe places for children to play."
 They run the anti-soft drink website Kickthecan.info, which has launched a petition to the beverage industry to "be a (real) part of the solution" whose signatories include Laurie David, Michael Jacobson, Robert Kenner, and Marion Nestle, and are behind a number of soda tax bills in their home state, such as that introduced by Bill Monning in February 2013.
 Its executive director, Harold Goldstein, has written an opinion piece in the Los Angeles Daily News regarding what he considers the benefits of soda taxation.
 He has also authored a policy brief by the University of California Los Angeles.
 Goldstein has also authored an article calling for celebrities to "stop accepting sugary drink endorsements," as well as a commentary in the Journal of Public Health Policy regarding the reasons why scientific research is not easily transformed into public health policy, and about the CCPHA's campaigns to, among other things, remove soda and junk food from public schools.
 Goldstein has also gone on record as saying that sugary drinks "should be prohibited in all public places, including community centres and sports arenas."
 The Center has also published research concluding that were California Assembly Bill 669 to be passed, that "85 percent [of the money raised] or $1.4 billion, would be returned to counties, in proportion to their population, to pay for education and children’s health programs."
Diana M. Zuckerman (born 16 June 1950) is an American health policy analyst who focuses on the implications of policies for public health and patients’ health.
 She is an expert on national health policy, particularly in women's health and the safety and effectiveness of medical products.
 She is the President of the National Center for Health Research (formerly National Research Center for Women & Families) and the Cancer Prevention and Treatment Fund.
Health services research (HSR), also known as health systems research or health policy and systems research (HPSR), is a multidisciplinary scientific field that examines how people get access to health care practitioners and health care services, how much care costs, and what happens to patients as a result of this care.
 Studies in HSR investigate how social factors, health policy, financing systems, organizational structures and processes, medical technology, and personal behaviors affect access to health care, the quality and cost of health care, and quantity and quality of life.
 Compared with medical research, HSR is a relatively young science that developed through the bringing together of social science perspectives with the contributions of individuals and institutions engaged in delivering health services.
The National Association for Public Health Policy was founded in 1980 by a group of past-presidents of the American Public Health Association led by Milton Terris, MD, MPH.
 The purpose of the Association is “to improve the health of the people of the United States by helping to develop health policy, formulating and initiating legislation to implement such policy, and supporting measures to strengthen the public health services.”
 It sponsors the "Journal of Public Health Policy" and the online journal "NAPHP.ORG".
In the United States Army, Medical Detachments (Forward Surgical), popularly known as Forward Surgical Teams (FST), are small, mobile surgical units fielded since the 1990s.
 FSTs are utilized in a variety of ways, and can fielded with support elements, including a Forward Support Medical Company (FSMC), Area Support Medical Company (ASMC), Brigade Medical Company also known as C-Med or in some cases stand alone (although The FST is not designed, staffed, or equipped for standalone
