The SS "Brown Victory" was a Victory-class cargo ship built during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program.
 The SS Brown Victory (MCV-712), was a type VC2-S-AP2 victory ship built by Oregon Shipbuilding Company Portland.
 The Maritime Administration cargo ship was the 171th ship built.
 Its keel was laid on February 25, 1945.
 The ship was christened on May 2, 1945.
 The SS "Brown Victory" was an armed cargo ship, named for Brown University one of 150 educational institutions that had Victory ships named after them.
 She was commissioned February 23, 1945 at the Oregon Shipbuilding yards.
 The 10,600 ton ship was the 171th Victory type ship constructed for the Maritime Commission.
 She was operated by the Alaska Packers Company under the United States Merchant Marine act for the War Shipping Administration.
ARA "Gómez Roca" (P-46) is the sixth and last ship of the MEKO 140A16 "Espora" class of six corvettes built for the Argentine Navy.
 The ship is the first ship to bear the name of Lieutenant Commander Sergio Gómez Roca, who commanded the Argentine patrol ship ARA "Alferez Sobral" during the Falklands War and died in action when the ship was attacked by Royal Navy helicopters.
 Originally the ship was to have been named "Seaver" after Captain Benjamin Seaver, a US-born naval hero of the Argentine War of Independence.
The SS "Middlebury Victory" was a Victory-class cargo ship built during World War II.
 The "Middlebury Victory" (MCV-726), was a type VC2-S-AP2 victory ship built by Permanente Metals Corporation, Yard 2, of Richmond, California.
 The Maritime Administration cargo ship was the 726th ship built.
 Her keel was laid on December 16, 1944.
 The ship was christened on March 1, 1945.
 SS "Middlebury Victory" was an armed cargo ship, named for Northeastern University in Boston one of 150 educational institutions that had Victory ships named after them.
 She was built at the Oregon Shipbuilding yards in just 75 days, under the Emergency Shipbuilding program for World War II.
 The 10,600 ton ship was constructed for the Maritime Commission.
 She was operated by the General SS Company under the United States Merchant Marine act for the War Shipping Administration.
The SS "Northeastern Victory" was a cargo ship built during World War II, under the Emergency Shipbuilding program.
 The "Northeastern Victory" (MCV-735) was a type VC2-S-AP2 Victory ship built by Richmond Shipyards|Permanente Metals Corporation, Yard 2, of Richmond, California.
 The cargo ship was the 703rd ship built.
 The Ship was laid on March 28, 1945.
 The ship was christened on June 30, 1945.
 SS "Northeastern Victory" was an armed cargo ship named after a Northeastern University in Boston.
 She was built at the Oregon Shipbuilding yards in just 96 days.
 The 10,600-ton ship was constructed for the Maritime Commission.
 The American-Hawaiian SS Company operated her under the United States Merchant Marine act for the War Shipping Administration.
Black Watch was a large full-rigged ship built by Windsor shipbuilder Bennett Smith in Windsor, Nova Scotia.
 It was the last ship built by Smith in Windsor.
ARA "Sarandí" is the fourth and last ship of the MEKO 360H2 series of destroyers built for the Argentine Navy.
 The ship is also the fourth ship in the Argentine Navy to bear that name.
 "Sarandí"is the name of a victory of the Argentine army during the Cisplatine War.
The SS "Lindenwood Victory" was a Victory-class cargo ship built during World War II.
 The "Lindenwood Victory" was a type VC2-S-AP2 victory ship built by Permanente Metals Corporation, Yard 2, of Richmond, California.
 The Maritime Administration cargo ship was the 766th ship built.
 Her keel was laid on May 12, 1945.
 SS "Lindenwood Victory" was an armed cargo ship She was built in just 70 days, under the Emergency Shipbuilding program for World War II.
 SS "Lindenwood Victory" was an armed cargo ship, named for Lindenwood University in St. Charles, Missouri, one of 150 educational institutions that had Victory ships named after them.
 The 10,600 ton ship was constructed for the Maritime Commission.
The SS "Bucknell Victory" was a Victory-class cargo ship built during World War II.
 The "Bucknell Victory" was a type VC2-S-AP2 victory ship built by Permanente Metals Corporation, Yard 2, of Richmond, California.
 The Maritime Administration cargo ship was the 728th ship built.
 Her keel was laid on December 27, 1944.
 SS "Bucknell Victory" was an armed cargo ship, named for Bucknell University in Pennsylvania, one of 150 educational institutions that had Victory ships named after them.
 She was built in just 70 days, under the Emergency Shipbuilding program for World War II.
 The 10,600 ton ship was constructed for the Maritime Commission.
SS "Morgantown Victory" was a Victory ship built during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program.
 "Morgantown Victory" (MCV-632) was a type VC2-S-AP2 Victory ship built by Bethlehem-Fairfield Shipyards.
 The Maritime Administration cargo ship was the 632nd ship built.
 The ship is named for the city of Morgantown, West Virginia.
 Her keel was laid on 12 December 1944.
 She was launched on 5 February 1945 and completed on 28 February 1945.
 The 10,600-ton ship was constructed for the Maritime Commission.
 The States Marine Line operated her under the United States Merchant Marine act for the War Shipping Administration.
The "America"-class amphibious assault ships (formerly the LHA(R) class) of the U.S. Navy are designed to put ashore a Marine Expeditionary Unit using helicopters and MV-22B Osprey V/STOL transport aircraft, supported by AV-8B Harrier II or F-35 Lightning II V/STOL aircraft and various attack helicopters.
 The first of these warships was commissioned by the U.S. Navy in 2014 to replace USS "Peleliu" of the "Tarawa" class ; as many as eleven will be built.
 The design of the "America" class is based on that of USS "Makin Island" , the last ship of the "Wasp" class, but the "Flight 0" ships of the "America" class will not have well decks, and they have smaller on-board hospitals in order to give more space for aviation uses.
