Full Moon Fever is the debut solo studio album by Tom Petty, released on April 24, 1989 by MCA Records.
 It features contributions from members of his backing band the Heartbreakers, notably Mike Campbell, along with Jeff Lynne, Roy Orbison (who died prior to its release), and George Harrison of the Traveling Wilburys.
 The record shows Petty exploring his musical roots with nods to his influences.
 The songwriting is mainly collaborations between Petty and Lynne, who was also a producer on the album.
 The album became a commercial and critical success peaking at No. 3 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and being certified 5× platinum in the United States and 6× platinum in Canada.
"Handle with Care" is the first track from the Traveling Wilburys' 1988 album, "Traveling Wilburys Vol.
 1", and the group's most successful single.
 Writing credits are shared by all five band members: George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, Roy Orbison, Tom Petty, and Bob Dylan.
Highway Companion is the third solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Tom Petty.
 It was released on July 25, 2006, and charted at #4 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart.
 The album was produced by former Traveling Wilburys bandmate Jeff Lynne, who also produced Petty’s highly acclaimed first solo album, "Full Moon Fever", as well as the Heartbreakers' next album "Into the Great Wide Open".
 Petty released the album through Rick Rubin's American Recordings label and Warner Bros.
 Records, where Petty has had a record contract since his second solo album, "Wildflowers" (which was produced by Rubin).
 The tracks "Saving Grace" and "Big Weekend" were released July 4, 2006 on the iTunes Music Store.
 It ended up being Petty's only album for American Recordings, as that label moved to Columbia Records distribution in 2007; Warner Bros. retained the rights to Petty, eventually reassigning him to subsidiary label Reprise Records.
The Traveling Wilburys (sometimes shortened to the Wilburys) were a British-American supergroup consisting of Bob Dylan, George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, Roy Orbison, and Tom Petty.
 The band recorded two albums, the first in 1988 and the second in 1990, though Orbison died before the second was recorded.
Thomas Earl Petty (born October 20, 1950) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, multi instrumentalist and record producer.
 He is best known as the lead singer of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, but is also known as a member and co-founder of the late 1980s supergroup the Traveling Wilburys (under the pseudonyms of Charlie T. Wilbury Jr. and Muddy Wilbury), and his early band Mudcrutch.
"You Got It" is a song from Roy Orbison's album, "Mystery Girl" (1989).
 The song reached No. 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and No. 1 on the adult contemporary chart, returning Orbison to the Top 10 for the first time in 25 years.
 It also reached No. 3 on the UK Singles Chart in early 1989, posthumously released after Orbison's death of a heart attack on December 6, 1988.
 While "You Got It" was Orbison's last hit single in the U.S., the single "I Drove All Night" made No. 7 on the UK charts in 1992.
 In addition, it was his only solo Top 10 hit on the Hot Country Songs charts, peaking at #7.
 Although it is an Orbison solo single, Orbison's fellow Traveling Wilburys bandmates, Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne, co-wrote the song and played instruments on the record.
Runnin' Down a Dream is a 2007 documentary film about Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, directed by Peter Bogdanovich.
 The 4-hour documentary chronicles the history of the band, from its inception as Mudcrutch, right up to the 30th-anniversary concert in Petty's home town of Gainesville, Florida, on September 21, 2006, at the Stephen C. O'Connell Center, University of Florida.
 The film features interviews with George Harrison, Eddie Vedder, Stevie Nicks, Dave Grohl, Jeff Lynne, Rick Rubin, Johnny Depp, Jackson Browne and more.
 Petty's solo career is also touched on, as is his time with The Traveling Wilburys.
Wildflowers is the second solo studio album by American musician Tom Petty, released on November 1, 1994.
 The album was the first released by Petty after signing a contract with Warner Bros.
 Records (where he had recorded as part of the Traveling Wilburys) and the first of three albums produced by Rick Rubin.
 The album was certified 3x platinum in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America.
"End of the Line" is the last track from the Traveling Wilburys' first album, "Volume 1", released in 1989.
 Its riding-on-the-rails rhythm suggests its theme and the on-the-move nature of the group.
 It features all the Wilburys (except Bob Dylan who was on tour at the time) as lead singers; George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, and Roy Orbison sing the choruses in turn, while Tom Petty sings the verses.
 The song then expands into a "freight train" rhythm to underscore its theme.
Traveling Wilburys Vol.
 3 is the 1990 follow-up album by the Traveling Wilburys, a group consisting of Jeff Lynne, George Harrison, Bob Dylan, and Tom Petty, to their 1988 debut "Traveling Wilburys Vol.
 1".
