"Forever and Ever, Amen" is a song written by Paul Overstreet and Don Schlitz, and recorded by American country music artist Randy Travis.
 It was released in March 1987 as the first single from the album "Always & Forever" and became Travis's third No. 1 single on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles charts.
Storms of Life is the debut studio album by country music star Randy Travis, and was released on June 6, 1986 by Warner Bros.
 Records Nashville.
 Certified 3× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA for American shipments of three million copies.
 it features the singles "On the Other Hand" (previously recorded by Keith Whitley on his 1985 album "L.A. to Miami"), "1982", "Diggin' up Bones" and "No Place Like Home".
 Although "On the Other Hand" charted at number 67 on the Hot Country Songs charts upon its initial release, the song reached number one on the same chart once it was re-released, following "1982" which peaked at number six.
 "Diggin' up Bones" also reached number one, while "No Place Like Home" peaked at number two.
L.A. to Miami is the first full-length studio album, and second album overall, by American country music singer Keith Whitley.
 It was released in October 1985 via RCA Records Nashville.
 The album includes the singles "I've Got the Heart for You," "Miami, My Amy," "Ten Feet Away," "Homecoming '63" and "Hard Livin'," all of which charted on "Billboard" Hot Country Singles (now Hot Country Songs) between 1985 and 1987.
 Also included are two songs that later became singles for other artists: "On the Other Hand" and "Nobody in His Right Mind Would've Left Her," which were Number Ones for Randy Travis and George Strait, respectively, in 1986.
 The latter was previously a No. 25 country hit for its writer, Dean Dillon, in 1980.
Tim Nichols (born in Portsmouth, Virginia is an American country music singer and songwriter.
 Active since the late 1980s, Nichols has written for several country music singers, including Keith Whitley, Tim McGraw, Faith Hill, Jo Dee Messina, and Alan Jackson.
 He and songwriter Zack Turner recorded one album for BNA Entertainment (now BNA Records) in 1993 as the duo Turner Nichols, in addition to charting two singles as one half of that duo.
 Nichols, along with Craig Wiseman, earned a Grammy Award for Best Country Song in 2004, for McGraw's Number One hit "Live Like You Were Dying".
The American singer Blake Shelton has released ten studio albums, three extended plays, four compilation albums, and thirty-seven singles.
 His debut album, "Blake Shelton", was released and featured the number 1 single "Austin".
 It also produced another two Top 40 hits on the Hot Country Songs chart.
 The album has since been certified Platinum and was his only album for Giant Records.
Jackie Keith Whitley (July 1, 1955 – May 9, 1989), known professionally as Keith Whitley, was an American country music singer.
 During his career, Whitley only recorded two albums but charted 12 singles on the "Billboard" country charts, and 7 more after his death.
"I Told You So" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer Randy Travis from his 1988 album, "Always & Forever".
 It reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" and Canadian "RPM" country singles charts in June 1988.
 Travis had first recorded it on his 1983 album "Live at the Nashville Palace" under his stage name "Randy Ray".
 It became a local hit and one of his most requested songs at the club.
 In 2007, the song was covered by Carrie Underwood on her album "Carnival Ride".
 Her version was released in February 2009 and was re-recorded and re-released in March as a duet with Travis.
 Underwood's and Travis's duet peaked at number two on the U.S. country charts in 2009.
"On the Other Hand" is a country music song written by Paul Overstreet and Don Schlitz.
 First recorded by Keith Whitley on his 1985 album "L.A. to Miami", it was later released by Randy Travis as the lead-off single to his album "Storms of Life", and it peaked at #67 in the United States.
 However, it was re-released in April 1986 after the song "1982" peaked, and the re-release was his first number-one hit in both the United States and Canada.
Paul Lester Overstreet (born March 17, 1955) is an American country music singer and songwriter.
 He recorded 10 studio albums between 1982 and 2005, and charted 16 singles on the "Billboard" country charts, including two No. 1 hits.
 He has also written singles for several other country acts, including No. 1 hits for Randy Travis, Blake Shelton, and Keith Whitley, as well as hits for The Judds and Kenny Chesney.
Harrison began his career in the 1970s and has written over 300 major-label recorded songs including several number-one hits.
 His songwriting credits include ; "Hey Cinderella" (recorded by Suzy Bogguss); "I Hate Everything" a number-one recording by George Strait); "I Just Wanted You to Know" (recorded by Mark Chesnutt); "I Thought It Was You" (recorded by Doug Stone); "Lying in Love with You" (recorded by Jim Ed Brown and Helen Cornelius); "Strawberry Wine" (with Matraca Berg, recorded by Deana Carter); "Wild Angels" (with Matraca Berg; recorded by Martina McBride); "Wrong Side of Memphis" (with Matraca Berg, recorded by Trisha Yearwood), and "That Train Don't Run" (recorded by Pinmonkey).
 Other artists who have recorded his work include Kenny Chesney, Tim McGraw, Easton Corbin, Patty Loveless, Keith Whitley, John Michael Montgomery, Billy Ray Cyrus, Charley Pride, Anne Murray, Mindy McCready, Diamond Rio, Sammy Kershaw, Emmylou Harris, Ronnie Milsap, Highway 101, Molly Hatchet, Johnny Lee, Neal McCoy, Reba McEntire, Joe Nichols, Bob Welch, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Kenny Rogers, Matraca Berg, Pam Tillis, Crystal Gayle, Brenda Lee, B. J. Thomas, Alabama, Michelle Wright, Loverboy, Randy Travis, The Oak Ridge Boys, Conway Twitty, Barbara Mandrell, Lonestar, Steve Wariner, Joe Diffie, Michael Martin Murphey, Marty Balin, Cindy Alexander, Kim Carnes, Keith Stegall, Shawn Camp, Lee Greenwood, Russ Taff, George Canyon, The Kendalls, Chris LeDoux, Sylvia, Mickey Gilley, Eddy Raven, John Conlee, Bryan White, Blaine Larsen, Tammy Cochran, John Berry, Rick Trevino, Marie Osmond, Eric Heatherly, Pirates of the Mississippi, Chely Wright, and Robin Lee.
