The General Motors Building is a 50-story, 705 ft office tower at 767 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, New York City.
 The building, which is bound by Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue between 59th Street and 58th Street, is one of the few structures in Manhattan to occupy a full city block.
 With 1,774,000 net leasable square feet, the tower sits on the site of the former Savoy-Plaza Hotel and affords views of Central Park.
 It was designed in the international style by Edward Durell Stone & Associates with Emery Roth & Sons and completed in 1968.
Grand Boulevard is a thoroughfare in Detroit, Michigan, running east to west in some places and north to south in other places and is approximately 11 miles in length.
 It once constituted the city limits of Detroit.
 Grand Boulevard is named the "Berry Gordy, Jr.
 Boulevard" in the area where the Motown Historical Museum is located and the "General Motors Boulevard" in the area of Detroit's "New Center" where the Fisher Building and Cadillac Place (formerly the General Motors Building) are located.
 Grand Boulevard is commonly referred to by residents of the city simply as "the Boulevard".
General Motors India Private Limited is a partnership between General Motors and SAIC that is engaged in the automobile business in India.
 General Motors has 93% stake in this partnership and the remaining 7% is held by SAIC.
 It is the 5th largest automobile manufacturing company in India after Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Tata Motors and Mahindra.
After 21 years of operations in India, General Motors announced that it will stop selling cars in India by the end of 2017, as a part of its global restructuring actions.
American Copper Buildings (originally known as 626 First Avenue) is a dual-tower residential skyscraper in the Murray Hill neighborhood of New York City, in Manhattan.
 The building is being developed by JDS Development and was designed by SHoP Architects.
 The building is one of several major collaborations between JDS and SHoP; others include 111 West 57th Street, also in Manhattan, and 9 DeKalb Avenue, in Brooklyn.
Chevrolet ( ), colloquially referred to as Chevy and formally the Chevrolet Division of General Motors Company, is an American automobile division of the American manufacturer General Motors (GM).
 Louis Chevrolet and ousted General Motors founder William C. Durant started the company on November 3, 1911 as the Chevrolet Motor Car Company.
 Durant used the Chevrolet Motor Car Company to acquire a controlling stake in General Motors with a reverse merger occurring on May 2, 1918 and propelled himself back to the GM presidency.
 After Durant's second ousting in 1919, Alfred Sloan, with his maxim "a car for every purse and purpose," would pick the Chevrolet brand to become the volume leader in the General Motors family, selling mainstream vehicles to compete with Henry Ford's Model T in 1919 and overtaking Ford as the best-selling car in the United States by 1929.
Wayne K. Cherry (born 1937) is an American car designer educated at Art Center College of Design and employed by General Motors from 1962 through 2004, retiring as Vice President of Design.
 Cherry worked for General Motors in the United States from 1962 until 1965, when he moved to the United Kingdom to take a position with General Motors' Vauxhall Motors subsidiary, becoming Design Director at Vauxhall in 1975.
 In 1983 General Motors consolidated all European passenger car design under Cherry and made him Design Director at General Motors' Adam Opel AG subsidiary.
 Cherry returned to the United States in 1991 and in 1992 became General Motors Vice President of Design.
 Cherry retired from General Motors in 2004.
247 Cherry is a seventy seven story residential building under development in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, in New York City.
 The building was designed by SHoP Architects, and is being developed by JDS Development Group.
 Renderings for the building were first released in April 2016.
 The building will be adjacent One Manhattan Square.
National City Lines, Inc. (NCL) was a public transportation company .
 The company grew out of the Fitzgerald brothers' bus operations, founded in Minnesota, United States in 1920 as a modest local transport company operating two buses.
 Part of the Fitgerald's operations were reorganized into a holding company in 1936, and later expanded about 1938 with equity funding from General Motors, Firestone Tire, Standard Oil of California and Phillips Petroleum for the express purpose of acquiring local transit systems throughout the United States in what became known as the General Motors streetcar conspiracy.
 The company formed a subsidiary, Pacific City Lines in 1937 to purchase streetcar systems in the western United States.
 National City Lines, and Pacific City Lines were indicted in 1947 on charges of conspiring to acquire control of a number of transit companies, and of forming a transportation monopoly for the purpose of 'Conspiring to monopolize sales of buses and supplies to companies owned by National City Lines'.
 They were acquitted on the first charge but not the second in 1949.
Fifth Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Lynchburg, Virginia.
 The district encompasses 57 contributing buildings and 1 contributing object in a historically African-American section of Lynchburg.
 It includes a variety of residential, commercial, and institutional buildings, with about half dating to the period spanning from 1875 to 1940.
 Located in the district are the separately listed Kentucky Hotel, the Western Hotel, the William Phaup House, and the Pyramid Motors building.
 Other notable buildings include the Augustine Leftwich House (c. 1817), tobacco factories (1877-1885), the Humbles Building (1915), M.R. Scott Meat Market (1919), Miller Tire and Battery Company (1927), Adams Motor Company building (1927), Hoskins Pontiac (1951), Burnett Tire Company (1956), Moser Furniture Company building (1936), Fifth Street Baptist Church (1929), Community Funeral Home (1922), and Tal-Fred Apartments (1940).
LaSalle was an American brand of luxury automobiles manufactured and marketed by General Motors' Cadillac division from 1927 through 1940.
 Alfred P. Sloan developed the concept for LaSalle and certain other General Motors' marques in order to fill pricing gaps he perceived in the General Motors product portfolio.
 Sloan created LaSalle as a companion marque for Cadillac.
 LaSalle automobiles were manufactured by Cadillac, but were priced lower than Cadillac-branded automobiles and were marketed as the second-most prestigious marque in the General Motors portfolio.
