The Australian Cattle Dog (ACD), or simply Cattle Dog, is a breed of herding dog originally developed in Australia for droving cattle over long distances across rough terrain.
 This breed is a medium-sized, short-coated dog that occurs in two main colour forms.
 It has either brown or black hair distributed fairly evenly through a white coat, which gives the appearance of a "red" or "blue" dog.
 It should not be confused with the Australian Shepherd, a similarly named but totally different breed.
The Welsh Springer Spaniel is a breed of dog and a member of the spaniel family.
 Thought to be comparable to the old Land Spaniel, they are similar to the English Springer Spaniel and historically have been referred to as both the Welsh Spaniel and the Welsh Cocker Spaniel.
 They were relatively unknown until a succession of victories in dog trials by the breed increased its popularity.
 Following recognition by The Kennel Club in 1902, the breed gained the modern name of Welsh Springer Spaniel.
 The breed's coat only comes in a single colour combination of white with red markings, usually in a piebald pattern.
 Loyal and affectionate, they can become very attached to family members and are wary of strangers.
 Health conditions are limited to those common among many breeds of dog, although they are affected more than average by hip dysplasia and some eye conditions.
 They are a working dog, bred for hunting, and while not as rare as some varieties of spaniel, they are rarer than the more widely known English Springer Spaniel with which they are sometimes confused.
The Akita (秋田犬 , Akita-inu, Akita-ken ) is a large breed of dog originating from the mountainous northern regions of Japan.
 There are two separate varieties of Akita: a "Japanese" strain, commonly called "Akita Ken" in Japan, "Akita Inu" ("inu" means "dog" in Japanese), or "Japanese Akita"; and an "American" strain, known as the "Akita" or "American Akita".
 The Japanese strain called the Akita Inu comes in a narrow palette of colors, with all other colors considered atypical of the breed, while the American strain known simply as the Akita comes in all dog colors.
 The Akita has a short double-coat similar to that of many other northern spitz breeds such as the Siberian Husky, but long-coated dogs can be found in many litters due to a recessive gene.
A molera is a "hole" in a Chihuahua's head; it is the same as a fontanelle in human babies.
 Historically, the Chihuahua as developed in Mexico and the United States has displayed a "hole in the head".
 In times past, this has been accepted as a mark of purity for this dog breed, and it is still mentioned in most Chihuahua breed standards the world over.
 The bones of the head in all foetuses are not firmly knitted together, but in most mammals, the different bones of the skull join with cartilaginous sutures as the animal matures.
 The Chihuahuas' moleras vary in size and shape, occurring on the top of the head where the parietal and frontal bones come together.
The Alaunt is an extinct breed of dog, with the original breed having existed in central Asia and Europe from ancient times through the 17th century.
 The Alaunt breed had three distinct phenotypes: Alaunt Veantre, Alaunt Boucherie and the Alaunt Gentile.
 They all were large, short coated dogs of varying head-types.
 The former two resembled the molosser type dogs much like the present-day Dogo Argentino or like the Caucasian Shepherd Dog except with short hair and a mesocephalic head which made them excellent large-game hunters.
 The Alaunt was originally bred by the Alani tribes, the nomads of Indo-European Sarmatian ancestry who spoke an Iranian language.
 The Alans were known as superb warriors, herdsmen, and breeders of horses and dogs.
 The Alans bred their dogs for work and developed different strains within the breed for specific duties.
 The breed was further developed in Spain, France, Germany, England, and in Italy.
The Wetterhoun (FCI No.221, translated into English as the Frisian Water Dog) is a breed of dog traditionally used as a hunting dog for hunting small mammals and waterfowl in the province of Fryslan in the Netherlands.
 The name of the dog comes from the West Frisian "Wetterhûn" meaning "water dog."
 Plural of Wetterhoun is Wetterhounen in Dutch.
 The breed may also be called the "Otterhoun" (not to be confused with the Otterhound) or "Dutch Spaniel", although it is not a Spaniel-type dog.
The Petit Bleu de Gascogne (FCI No.31) Is a breed of dog of the scenthound type, originating in France and used for hunting in packs.
 Today's breed is the descendant of a very old type of large hunting dog.
 The Petit Bleu de Gascogne is not a small (petite) dog, the name comes from its use on small game.
The chizer is a mixed dog breed originating in the United States of America.
 Chizers are a mix of the Chihuahua and the miniature schnauzer.
 This breed is NOT recognized by the American Kennel Club.
 The chizer has a combination of looks from both breeds of dogs, and can vary depending upon the breakdown of the breed.
 General sizes of a chizer range between 6-14 inches in height and approximately 4-15-lbs in weight.
 The chizer is a small breed dog, and works great in smaller areas, such as apartments, condos, and townhomes.
 The chizer comes in a typical variety of colours, usually grey, black, brown or white.
 This breed has a smooth, short haired coat that needs constant grooming, trimming around the eyes, ears and nose.
 They are usually low to average shedding dogs, and typically most groomers leave their facial hair to mimic a schnauzer beard.
 The ears of a chizer are medium in length and can stand erect when at attention, and their tail is usually docked.
 The chizer can have either an apple shaped head, or round head, with either a long or short snout, giving it either the appearance of a Chihuahua or Miniature Schnauzer.
 The body of the chizer is generally long and lean, with slender legs, and a square, robust back end.
 This back end tends to make the dog sturdier, and gives them surprising jumping abilities to reach great heights.
Push-Button Kitty is a 1952 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 70th "Tom and Jerry" short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby.
 This is the last cartoon to feature Mammy Two Shoes.
 Mammy Two Shoes (for whom this cartoon has marked the final appearance for) is sweeping the floor and while Tom is relaxing near Jerry's mouse hole, not caring or noticing as Jerry comes out, then returns with a piece of cheese.
 Mammy then receives a package she has been expecting.
 She opens it to reveal Mechano, a talented robotic cat, just the opportunity to downside Tom after his laziness.
 In disbelief, both Tom and Jerry laugh out loud.
 Mammy then turns on Mechano with the remote control, and it immediately darts to the mouse, hits him with a hammer, and slingshots him out through the window.
 Mammy then laughs while the unwanted cat packs up and leaves the house.
 Mammy praises Mechano on its job.
 Jerry tries to get back into his hole in defiance, using various disguises to elude the computerised cat, but his efforts are no match for Mechano's every thwarting gadget.
 Knowing that he cannot win by himself, Jerry inserts a series of clockwork mice under the door slot to create a diversion for Mechano.
 Mechano starts to attack the mice and the house as soon as it detects them, but goes haywire and chops up the piano with an axe, breaks the china with his cannon, saws a table with a buzzsaw, and launches dynamite into a mouse hole, causing serious wreckage to the house.
 Mammy hears all of this, sees Mechano chopping into the floor after one of the mice, and yells at Mechano to stop.
 However, the computer will only respond to the controller, so nothing happens.
 Mammy runs around screaming for Tom's help who hears her out.
 Mammy runs away from the assault as Mechano tries to break through wardrobes and doors to chase the "mice" and ends up crashing and breaking himself to pieces.
 Mechano's computer hub, unfortunately, gets accidentally swallowed by Tom just before the maid reaches him.
 Mammy, with great relief, welcomes the cat back into the house, grateful to have him back on mouse-catching duties.
 However, Jerry gets the last laugh when he turns Mechano's remote control on causing Tom to "transform" into "Mechano".
 The terrified housemaid watches helplessly and starts screaming as the mechanised Tom activates and goes on a path of destruction as the cartoon draws to an end.
The English Springer Spaniel is a breed of gun dog in the Spaniel family traditionally used for flushing and retrieving game.
 It is an affectionate, excitable breed with a typical lifespan of twelve to fourteen years.
 They are very similar to the Welsh Springer Spaniel and are descended from the Norfolk or Shropshire Spaniels of the mid-19th century; the breed has diverged into separate show and working lines.
 The breed suffers from average health complaints.
 The show-bred version of the breed has been linked to "rage syndrome", although the disorder is very rare.
 It is closely related to the Welsh Springer Spaniel and very closely to the English Cocker Spaniel; less than a century ago, springers and cockers would come from the same litter.
 The smaller "cockers" hunted woodcock while the larger littermates were used to flush, or "spring," game.
 In 1902, The Kennel Club recognized the English Springer Spaniel as a distinct breed.
 They are used as sniffer dogs on a widespread basis.
 The term "Springer" comes from the historic hunting role, where the dog would flush (spring) birds into the air.
