Full Metal Jacket is a 1987 British-American war film directed and produced by Stanley Kubrick.
 The screenplay by Kubrick, Michael Herr, and Gustav Hasford was based on Hasford's novel "The Short-Timers" (1979).
 Its storyline follows a platoon of U.S. Marines through their training, primarily focusing on two privates, Joker and Pyle, who struggle to get through camp under their foul-mouthed drill instructor, Gunnery Sergeant Hartman, and the experiences of two of the platoon's Marines in the Tet Offensive during the Vietnam War.
 The film's title refers to the full metal jacket bullet used by soldiers.
 The film was released in the United States on June 26, 1987.
The Short-Timers is a 1979 semi-autobiographical novel by U.S. Marine Corps veteran Gustav Hasford, about his experience in the Vietnam War.
 It was later adapted into the film "Full Metal Jacket" (1987) by Hasford, Michael Herr, and Stanley Kubrick.
 Hasford's novel "The Phantom Blooper" (1990) is a sequel to "The Short-Timers".
 The book was supposed to be the first of a trilogy, but Hasford died soon after completing its sequel and before writing the third installment.
Published in 1983, In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens: Womanist Prose is a collection composed of 36 separate pieces written by Alice Walker.
 The essays, articles, reviews, statements, and speeches were written between 1966 and 1982.
 Many are based on her understanding of "womanist" theory.
 Walker defines "womanist" at the beginning of the collection as "A black feminist or feminist of color.
 From the black folk expression of mother to female children and also a woman who loves other women, sexually and/or nonsexually.
 Appreciates and prefers women's culture.
 Committed to survival and wholeness of entire people, male and female".
Dispatches is a New Journalism book by Michael Herr that describes the author's experiences in Vietnam as a war correspondent for "Esquire" magazine.
 First published in 1977, "Dispatches" was one of the first pieces of American literature that portrayed the experiences of soldiers in the Vietnam War for American readers.
Warrior Marks: Female Genital Mutilation and the Sexual Blinding of Women is a 1993 book by Alice Walker with Pratibha Parmar, who made an award-winning documentary of the same name.
 Following on from her 1992 novel "Possessing the Secret of Joy", Walker undertakes a journey to parts of Africa where clitoridectomy is still practised.
 "Warrior Marks" is a harrowing work as Walker interviews women who have had the operation done and finally interviews a woman—circumcised herself—who performs the operation.
First Kill is a 2001 Dutch documentary film that revolves around the psychology of war.
 Important turning points in the Vietnam War are used to illustrate the effect of war on body and mind.
 The documentary consists of interviews with Michael Herr and several Vietnam veterans.
 The depth of the interviews provides insight into the feelings that accompany violence, fear, hate, seduction and pleasure.
The Gifford–Walker Farm, also known as the Alice Walker Farm, is located on North Bergen Road (Genesee County Route 14) in North Bergen, New York, United States.
 Its farmhouse is a two-story Carpenter Gothic style structure built in 1870.
Alice Walker: Beauty in Truth is a documentary film directed by Pratibha Parmar, made by Kali Films production company.
 The film follows the life of the Pulitzer Prize-winning author, poet and activist Alice Walker.
 Shooting began in May 2011.
 It was aired on the BBC on Monday July 8, 2013, and on PBS on February 7, 2014.
Tobe Levin Freifrau von Gleichen (*Feb 16, 1948), a multi-lingual scholar, translator, editor and activist, is an Associate of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University; a Visiting Research Fellow at the International Gender Studies Centre, Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford; an activist against female genital mutilation (FGM) and professor of English Emerita at the University of Maryland, University College.
 Having received her PhD in 1979 from Cornell University, she is most known for combining her advocacy against FGM with her academic scholarship in comparative literature.
 She has published peer-reviewed and popular articles and book chapters, edited four books, launched UnCUT/VOICES Press in 2009 and founded "Feminist Europa Review of Books" (1998-2010).
 Her most notable works to date are "Empathy and Rage.
 Female Genital Mutilation in African Literature" and " Waging Empathy.
 Alice Walker, Possessing the Secret of Joy, and the Global Movement to Ban FGM."
 Alice Walker expressed appreciation for the text that shows worldwide solidarity with the novelist's literary abolition efforts in the early nineties.
 Levin has also teamed up with Maria Kiminta and photographer Britta Radike to publish a memoir and sourcebook, "Kiminta.
 A Maasai's Fight against Female Genital Mutilation."
Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic war film directed, produced, and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola.
 It was co-written by John Milius with narration written by Michael Herr.
 It stars Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Frederic Forrest, Albert Hall, Sam Bottoms, Larry Fishburne, and Dennis Hopper.
 The screenplay, written by Milius, adapts the story of Joseph Conrad's novella "Heart of Darkness", changing its setting from late nineteenth-century Congo to the Vietnam War.
 It draws from Herr's "Dispatches" and Werner Herzog's "Aguirre, the Wrath of God" (1972).
 The film revolves around Captain Benjamin L. Willard (Sheen) on a secret mission to assassinate Colonel Kurtz, a renegade who is presumed insane.
