William Joseph ("Wild Bill") Donovan (January 1, 1883 – February 8, 1959) was an American soldier, lawyer, intelligence officer and diplomat.
 Donovan is best remembered as the wartime head of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), the precursor to the Central Intelligence Agency, during World War II.
 He is also known as the "Father of American Intelligence" and the "Father of Central Intelligence".
 "The Central Intelligence Agency regards Donovan as its founding father," according to journalist Evan Thomas in a 2011 "Vanity Fair" profile.
 The lobby of CIA headquarters, in Langley, Virginia, now features a statue of Donovan.
 Thomas observed that Donovan's "exploits are utterly improbable but by now well documented in declassified wartime records that portray a brave, noble, headlong, gleeful, sometimes outrageous pursuit of action and skulduggery."
Eclipse Group was a private intelligence agency run by former CIA officer Duane "Dewy" Clarridge, who was also the founding director of the CIA Counterterrorist Center.
 Until May 2010, Eclipse Group received funding from the US Government; it then relied on private donors.
 As of 2011, its operations include obtaining information related to the politics of Afghanistan and the AfPak region.
The Intelligence Authorization Act was implemented in order to codify covert, clandestine operations and defines requirements for reporting such operations to the Congress.
 The American Constitution states, in Article 1, Section 9, that “a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.”
 The act was passed along with the Intelligence Oversight Act of 1980, which allowed Congress and members of the agency to be included in important decisions and operations carried out by the Central Intelligence Agency.
 The Intelligence Authorization Act was also an attempt to limit the authority and secrecy within the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) regarding foreign and domestic affairs, though its applications extends to each of the intelligence agencies, not just to the CIA.
Stephen B. Slick is a former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) operations officer and United States National Security Council official.
 He currently leads the Intelligence Studies Project at the University of Texas at Austin, where he is also a Clinical Professor at the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs.
 During a 28-year career in the CIA’s Clandestine Service, he completed five overseas tours, including two as chief of station (COS) and senior intelligence community representative.
 In the administration of President George W. Bush, Mr. Slick played a central role developing the White House’s response to the recommendations of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks (Kean-Hamilton) and weapons of mass destruction (WMD) (Silberman-Robb) commissions.
 He also played key roles in developing the provisions of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and amendments to Executive Order 12333, issued by President Bush in 2008.
Encyclopedia of the Central Intelligence Agency is a 2003 book by W. Thomas Smith, Jr. It is an encyclopedic work on the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the only independent agency of the United States federal government that is tasked with intelligence-gathering.
 The work chronicles the history of the agency from its founding in 1947 through the War on Terror, which began after September 11, 2001.
 The encyclopedia's chronology ends in 2003.
 It provides approximately 550 entries across 282 pages on topics including notable contributors, intelligence operations, historical events, and depictions of the CIA in fictional media.
The Intelligence Star is an award given by the Central Intelligence Agency to its officers for "voluntary acts of courage performed under hazardous conditions or for outstanding achievements or services rendered with distinction under conditions of grave risk".
 The award citation is from the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and specifically cites actions of "extraordinary heroism".
 It is the third-highest award given by the Central Intelligence Agency, behind the Distinguished Intelligence Cross and Distinguished Intelligence Medal, and is analogous to the Silver Star, the US military award for extraordinary heroism in combat.
 Only a few dozen people have received this award (most posthumously), making it one of the rarest valor awards awarded by the US government.
The National Intelligence Authority (NIA) was the United States Government authority responsible for monitoring the Central Intelligence Group (CIG), the successor intelligence agency of the Office of Strategic Services established by President Harry S. Truman's Executive Letter of 22 January 1946 in the aftermath of World War Two.
 The National Intelligence Authority and Central Intelligence Group were both replaced respectively by the National Security Council and the Central Intelligence Agency under the National Security Act of 1947 implemented on the 18 September 1947.
William Oliver "Bill" Studeman (born January 16, 1940) is a retired Admiral of the United States Navy and former Deputy Director of the United States' Central Intelligence Agency, with two extended periods as Acting Director of Central Intelligence.
 As Deputy Director of Central Intelligence, he served in the administrations of George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton under three Directors of Central Intelligence, Robert Gates, R. James Woolsey Jr., and John M. Deutch.
 Admiral Studeman retired from the Navy in 1995 after almost 35 years of service.
 Between 1988 and 1992 he was director of the National Security Agency; he was the Director of Naval Intelligence, from September 1985 to July 1988.
Duane Ramsdell "Dewey" Clarridge (April 16, 1932 – April 9, 2016) was an American senior operations officer for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and supervisor for more than 30 years.
 Clarridge was the chief of the Latin American division from 1981 to 1987 and a key figure in the Iran-Contra Affair.
Susan M. Gordon is an American government official who currently serves as Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence.
 Prior to assuming her current role, she was the Deputy Director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), having assumed the position on January 1, 2015.
 Before joining the NGA, she served as director of the CIA's Information Operations Center and senior cyber adviser to the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
 Gordon worked for the Central Intelligence Agency for over 25 years.
