Houston Fashion Week was branded in 2010 as the first organized fashion week event in Texas.
 The annual, week-long event is held during October, and came to fruition because New York Fashion Week relocated from Bryant Park to Lincoln Center.
 The resulting confusion over the move opened the door for new venues throughout the nation, such as Austin, Dallas, San Antonio, and Houston.
 Houston Fashion Week has introduced several designers, including Ann Mitchels, Ayo Shittu, Krystel Holnes, Lucas Escalada, and Carol Reyes (San Antonio).
Carl Anglim is the director/founder of Oxford Fashion Week and the vice chairman of Oxfordshire Youth.
 Carl graduated from University of Oxford with a degree in Law.
 After graduation Carl briefly worked as a research executive for Frost and Sullivan.
 In 2008, with the collaboration of fellow Oxford graduate Victoria Watson, he founded Oxford fashion week.
 By 2011, the Oxford Fashion week has showcased more than 200 designers.
 Since mid 2015, the Oxford fashion week has been spun to a series of international fashion events taking place in New York, Los Angeles, Paris, London and Oxford.
 The fashion events in these cities will be held by Oxford Fashion Studio.
 Oxford Fashion Studio is an apparel and fashion company created by Carl.
New York Fashion Week, held in February and September of each year, is a semi-annual series of events (generally lasting 7–9 days) when international fashion collections are shown to buyers, the press and the general public.
 It is one of four major fashion weeks in the world, collectively known as the "Big 4," along with those in Paris, London and Milan.
 The Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) created the modern notion of a centralized “New York Fashion Week” in 1993, although cities like London were already using their city’s name in conjunction with the words “fashion week” in the 1980s.
 NYFW is based on a much older series of events called “Press Week,” founded in 1942.
Doctor Stranger () is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Lee Jong-suk, Jin Se-yeon, Park Hae-jin and Kang So-ra.
 It aired on SBS from May 5 to July 8, 2014 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.
Ruby Rose Aldridge (born August 26, 1991) is an American fashion model and singer.
 Over the years of 2008-2012, Ruby Aldridge was the "face" of the brands Coach, Marc by Marc Jacobs, Valentino, and of ck one [Calvin Klein] cosmetics.
 During the 2011 fall fashion week, Aldridge opened four fashion shows, which placed her, at that time, 7th in terms of the number of these appearances in a given fashion week.
 As of this date, she has walked in nearly 200 fashion shows, including for such top designers as Alberta Ferretti, Missoni, Sonia Rykiel, Valentino, Dolce & Gabbana, Marc Jacobs, and others, and has appeared on the covers of "Harper's Bazaar", "L'Express Styles", and "L'Officiel", and in major magazine spreads in "The New York Times", "Vanity Fair", and in the "Vogue" editions of several countries (e.g., Italy, the U.S., China, Russia, and Latin America).
 Ruby Aldridge is the daughter of former Playboy playmate Laura Lyons and artist and graphic designer Alan Aldridge, and younger sister of fashion model Lily Aldridge.
My Lawyer, Mr. Jo (; also known as "Neighborhood Lawyer Jo Deul-ho") is a 2016 South Korean television series starring Park Shin-yang, Kang So-ra, Ryu Soo-young, Park Sol-mi.
 Based on the same-titled webtoon, it aired on KBS2.
Sunny Fong (born 1977) is a Canadian fashion designer who owns VAWK, a clothing brand.
 He lives in Toronto, Ontario.
 In 2009, he won the second season of "Project Runway Canada".
 His collection from this competition was showcased at LG Fashion Week.
 In both 2009 and 2010, Fong began the showings of his collections before the official start of LG Fashion Week, showcasing his work at Walker Court of the Art Gallery of Ontario.
 His 2011 spring/summer collection combined the themes of bullfighting and safari.
 Urban culture and Malayan mountaineering were the themes of his 2011 fall/winter collection.
 This collection was showcased at LG Fashion Week, in contrast to Fong's previous few seasons' off-site showings.
 At the following year's LG Fashion Week, Fong's spring/summer 2012 collection featured monokinis that critics from "The London Free Press" called "even a bit tough for the models to pull off, much less mere mortals."
 During the final fashion show of that October's LG Fashion Week, Fong had a model appear wearing a gold bullet bra as Madonna's "Justify My Love" played.
Lee Jong-suk (Hangul: 이종석, born 14 September 1989) is a South Korean actor and model.
 He debuted in 2005 as a runway model, becoming the youngest male model ever to participate in Seoul Fashion Week.
 Lee's breakout role was in "School 2013" (2012) and he is also well known for his roles in "I Can Hear Your Voice" (2013), "Doctor Stranger" (2014), "Pinocchio" (2014) and "W" (2016).
Ugly Alert () is a 2013 South Korean daily drama starring Im Joo-hwan, Kang So-ra, Choi Tae-joon, and Kang Byul.
 It aired on SBS from May 20 to November 29, 2013 on Mondays to Fridays at 19:20 for 133 episodes.
Hu Bing (born February 14, 1971) is a Chinese actor, model, singer, designer, producer, and philanthropist.
 He started as a fashion model in 1990 and been a male model in China for over 20 years.
 He won the "Top Chinese Male Model" title in 1991 and was the first Chinese male model to walk the international fashion runway.
 Since then, Hu has been the image for many top international fashion names such as Louis Vuitton, Dolce & Gabbana, Valentino, etc.
 Hu started his transition from the fashion runway to the TV screen in 1996 and became a household name after the success of the TV drama "Love Talks" (1999), in which he played the male leading role.
 Continuously from 2000 to 2005, Hu was voted one of the four most popular young actors in China (Hu left China to further strengthen his performing aptitude in an American institute in 2005).
 Hu is known for his on-screen portrayals in both China and Japan as an actor, and as a fashion icon all across Asia.
