"Homer Loves Flanders" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fifth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 17, 1994.
 In the episode, Ned Flanders invites Homer to a football game and the two become good friends.
 However, Ned soon grows weary of Homer's overbearing friendship and stupid antics, and begins to hate him.
"Homer Goes to College" is the third episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fifth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 14, 1993.
 In the episode, Homer's lack of a college degree is revealed and he is sent to Springfield University to pass a nuclear physics class.
 Homer, who bases his perception of college on comedy films and TV shows, goofs around and is sent to a group of boys for tutoring.
 The boys, who are stereotypical nerds, try to help Homer, but he instead tries to help them party and decides to pull a prank on another college.
 They steal Springfield A&M's mascot, but his friends are caught and expelled.
 Homer invites them to live with him, but his family soon become angered by their new housemates.
Hans Moleman is a recurring character on the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He was created by series creator Matt Groening and is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared in the episode "Principal Charming".
 His appearance usually comes in the form of a running gag, in which, as a bystander to disastrous events, he suffers unfortunate, often seemingly fatal accidents, only to return in later episodes completely unharmed.
Patty and Selma Bouvier ( ) are fictional characters in the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 They are identical twins (but with different hairstyles) and are both voiced by Julie Kavner.
 They are Marge Simpson's older twin sisters, who both work at the Springfield Department of Motor Vehicles, and possess a strong dislike for their brother-in-law, Homer Simpson.
 Selma is the elder by two minutes, and longs for male companionship while her sister, Patty, is a lesbian.
 Kavner voices them as characters who "suck the life out of everything".
 Patty and Selma first appeared on the first ever aired Simpsons episode "Simpsons Roasting On An Open Fire", which aired on December 17, 1989.
"Principal Charming" is the fourteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> second season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 14, 1991.
 In the episode, Marge's sister Selma is looking for a husband, so Marge orders Homer to help her find one.
 Things go wrong, however, when Homer invites Principal Skinner over for dinner and Skinner instead falls for Selma's twin sister Patty.
"Four Great Women and a Manicure" is the twentieth episode of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons".
 First broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on May 10, 2009, it was the second Simpsons episode (after "Simpsons Bible Stories") to have four acts instead of the usual three.
 The episode tells four tales of famous women featuring "Simpsons" characters in various roles: Selma as Queen Elizabeth I, Lisa as Snow White, Marge as Lady Macbeth and Maggie as Howard Roark from Ayn Rand's "The Fountainhead".
"Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?"
 is the fifteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> second season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 21, 1991.
 In the episode, Grampa confesses that Homer has a half-brother, whom Homer immediately tries to track down.
 He eventually discovers that his brother is Herbert Powell, a car manufacturer.
 Herb immediately starts to bond with Bart and Lisa, and he invites Homer to design his own car.
 Homer's car design turns out to be a disaster, which causes Herb to become bankrupt.
"Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment" is the thirteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> second season.
 The 26th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 7, 1991.
 In the episode, Homer gets an illegal cable hook-up.
 Despite the family's enjoyment of the new channels, Lisa becomes suspicious that they are stealing cable.
 Her suspicions are confirmed by Reverend Lovejoy and she protests by no longer watching television.
 Meanwhile, Bart manages to tune into a sexually explicit adult movie channel, and Homer invites his friends over to watch a boxing match, but Lisa's protest gets to him.
 He decides not to watch the fight and cuts the cable.
"Homer the Vigilante" is the eleventh episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fifth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 6, 1994.
 In the episode, a crime wave caused by an elusive cat burglar plagues Springfield.
 Lisa is distraught to find her saxophone has been stolen, and Homer promises to get it back.
 The police are ineffective, so Homer takes charge of a neighborhood watch.
 However, under his leadership it becomes more like a vigilante group, and fails to catch the burglar.
 With the help of Grampa, Homer discovers that the burglar is a charming senior named Molloy.
 Molloy is arrested, but he outwits the citizens of Springfield and escapes.
"The Food Wife" is the fifth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 13, 2011, and was seen by around 7.5 million people during this broadcast.
 In the episode, Homer feels left out when Marge, Bart, and Lisa join a group of foodies.
 Their personal blog quickly becomes popular and the trio is invited to a molecular gastronomy restaurant.
 Feeling pity toward Homer, Marge invites him along.
 However, after beginning to worry that he will reclaim his position as the parent perceived as the most fun by the children, she sends him to the wrong address.
 Homer unknowingly arrives at a meth lab, where a gunfight starts as the police burst in.
