All of Luxembourg's rivers are drained into the North Sea, most via the Moselle River, except in the extreme south-west of the country, which are drained by the Chiers.
 Rivers that flow into the sea are sorted alphabetically.
 Rivers that flow into other rivers are sorted by the proximity of their points of confluence to the sea.
 Some rivers (e.g. Meuse, Rhine) do not flow through Luxembourg themselves, but they are mentioned for having tributaries from Luxembourg.
 They are given in "italics".
 For an alphabetical list of rivers of Luxembourg see .
This is a list of rs, which are at least partially located in [ny]].
 Rivers that flow into the sea are sorted geographically, along the coast.
 Rivers that flow into other rivers are sorted by the proximity of their points of confluence to the sea (the lower in the list, the more upstream).
 Some rivers (e.g. Meuse) do not flow through Germany themselves, but they are mentioned for having German tributaries.
 They are given in "italics".
 For clarity, only rivers that are longer than 50 km (or have longer tributaries) are shown.
 An alphabetical list of all German rivers that have an article in Wikipedia is given at the end.
The Meeting of Waters (Portuguese: "Encontro das Águas" ) is the confluence between the dark (blackwater) Rio Negro and the pale sandy-colored (whitewater) Amazon River or Rio Solimões, as the upper section of the Amazon is known in Brazil upriver of this confluence.
 For 6 km the two rivers' waters run side by side without mixing.
 It is one of the main tourist attractions of Manaus, Brazil.
 The same also happens near Santarém, Pará with the Amazon and Tapajós rivers.
 This phenomenon occurs in other regions of the world with differing characters of rivers, the phenomenon is also seen in other locations in the Amazon region, as Iquitos, Peru.
Karad is a city in Satara district in the southern part of Indian state of Maharashtra.
 It lies at the confluence of Koyna River and the Krishna River.
 The two rivers originate at Mahabaleshwar, which is around 100 km from Karad.
 They diverge at their origin, and travel for about the same distance to meet again in Karad.
 The rivers meet exactly head on, thus forming letter "T" which is the only head on confluence in the world.
 Hence Krishna and koyna river's confluence is called Preeti Sangam, meaning Confluence of Love.
 Karad is well known for sugar production and is known as the sugar bowl of Maharashtra owing to the presence of many sugar factories in and around Karad.
 It is considered as an important educational hub in Western Maharashtra due to the presence of many prestigious educational institutes.
Shelly Hruska is a Canadian Metis ringette and bandy player, coach, and teacher from Winnipeg, Manitoba.
 Hruska helped lead Team Canada twice to victory at the World Ringette Championships in 2002 in Edmonton, Alberta and 2004 in Stockholm, Sweden where she played a key role on the team.
 In 2009, Hruska also helped Team Canada to a silver medal at the 2009 World Bandy Championship.
The Körös (] ; Romanian: Criș, German: "Kreisch") is a river in eastern Hungary and western Romania.
 Its length is 128.6 km from the confluence of its two source rivers Fehér-Körös ("Crișul Alb") and Fekete-Körös ("Crișul Negru") to its outflow into the Tisza.
 Its drainage basin area is 27,537 km2 .
 It has three source rivers, all of which have their origin in the Apuseni Mountains in Transylvania, Romania: Crișul Alb (Fehér-Körös), Crișul Negru (Fekete-Körös) and Crișul Repede (Sebes-Körös).
 The confluence of the rivers Fehér-Körös ("Crișul Alb") and Fekete-Körös ("Crișul Negru") is near the town Gyula.
 The Körös downstream from Gyula is also called the Kettős-Körös (Hungarian for "double Körös").
 37.3 km further downstream, near Gyomaendrőd, the Sebes-Körös ("Crișul Repede") joins the Criș/Körös.
 The section downstream from Gyomaendrőd is also called the Hármas-Körös (Hungarian for "triple Körös").
 The Körös flows into the Tisza River near Csongrád.
Allahabad (Hindi: इलाहाबाद), also known by its original name Prayag (Hindi: प्रयाग), is one of the largest cities of the North Indian state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
 Although Prayaga was renamed "Ilahabad" in 1575, the name later became Allahabad in an anglicized version in Roman script.
 The city is situated on an inland peninsula, surrounded by the rivers Ganges and Yamuna on three sides, with only one side connected to the mainland Doab region, of which it is a part.
 This position is of importance in Hindu scriptures for it is situated at the confluence, known as Triveni Sangam, of the holy rivers.
 As per Rigveda the Sarasvati River (now dried up) was part of the three river confluence in ancient times.
 It is one of four sites of the Kumbh Mela, an important mass Hindu pilgrimage.
This is a list of rivers that are at least partially in Greece.
 The rivers flowing into the sea are sorted along the coast.
 Rivers flowing into other rivers are listed by the rivers they flow into.
 The confluence is given in parentheses.
The Nyabarongo (or Nyawarungu) is a major river in Rwanda, part of the upper headwaters of the Nile.
 At 297 km (184 miles), it is the longest river entirely in Rwanda.
 The river begins its course at the confluence of the rivers Mbirurume and Mwogo in the South West of the country.
 These two rivers themselves begin in Nyungwe Forest, and are considered by some to be the most distant source of the Nile.
 From its start, Nyabarongo flows northward for 85 km (53 miles), and forms the border between the Western and Southern Provinces.
 At the confluence with the river Mukungwa, the river changes course and flows eastward for 12 km (7.5 miles), then to a more South Eastern course for the last 200 km (124 miles).
 For the longest stretch of this course, the river serves as the boundary between the Northern and Southern Provinces, then between the City of Kigali and the Southern Province, and lastly between the City of Kigali and the Eastern Province.
 The river then before enters the Eastern Province and ends its course close to the border with Burundi.
 The Nyabarongo River empties both in Lake Rweru and Akagera river in a small but complicated Delta.
 The Akagera river outflows from Lake Rweru, a mere 1 km from the Nyabarongo delta.
 Almost all the branches of the Nyabarongo delta empty in the lake, however, one branch of the delta empties directly in the just formed Akagera river.
 The Akagera River eventually flows into Lake Victoria and forms the Nile.
Tirumakudalu Narasipura ("Tirumakūḍalu Narasīpura") the temple city of Karnataka, commonly known as T. Narasipura or T.N. Pura, is a panchayat town in Mysore district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 The first name refers to the land at the confluence, (trimakuta in Sanskrit("citation needed") at the confluence of the Kaveri, Kabini and Spatika Sarovara (a mythical lake or spring, also named Gupta Gamini).
 This is the place in South India where Kumbhamela is held every three years.
 It finds a mention in the Skanda Purana as one of the Trimakuta Kshetras (holy places at the confluence of three rivers).
 The word 'Narasipura' is the name of the town, which is derived from the famous Gunja Narasimhaswamy temple that is located on the right bank of the Kabini river.
 Considered as sacred as Prayag (confluence of the Ganges, the Yamuna and the Saraswati at Prayag – Varanasi - Kashi in North India), it is also known as Dakshina Kashi The town finds mention in tourism guides, both as a tourist place and a pilgrimage centre.
