The Klaipėda Revolt took place in January 1923 in the Klaipėda Region (Memel Territory, Memelland).
 The region, located north of the Neman River, was detached from East Prussia, Germany by the Treaty of Versailles and became a mandate of the League of Nations.
 It was placed under provisional French administration until a more permanent solution could be worked out.
 Lithuania wanted to unite with the region (part of Lithuania Minor) due to its large Lithuanian-speaking minority of Prussian Lithuanians and major port of Klaipėda (Memel) – the only viable access to the Baltic Sea for Lithuania.
 As the Conference of Ambassadors favored leaving the region as a free city, similar to the Free City of Danzig, the Lithuanians organized and staged a revolt.
The Constitutional Court of the Republic of Lithuania (in Lithuanian: "Lietuvos Respublikos Konstitucinis Teismas" ) is a special court established by the Constitution of the Republic of Lithuania of 1992; it began the activities after the adoption of the Law on Constitutional Court of the Republic of Lithuania on February 3, 1993.
 Since its inception, the Court has been located in the city of Vilnius, Gediminas Avenue.
Ingrida Ardišauskaitė (born 17 January 1993 in Utena, Lithuania) is a retired Lithuanian cross-country skier.
Tauras Tunyla (born August 8, 1993 in Klaipėda city, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian racer.
 Trained by his father Gintaras Tunyla, he started karting from the age of 5 (in 1998).
 Tauras became a vice-champion of Lithuania in 2000, won his first Lithuanian championship in 2001 and is a five time champion of Lithuania.
The Lake Dysnai is the second largest lake in Lithuania.
 With average depth of only 6 m it is one of the shallowest lakes in Lithuania.
 It is located in the Ignalina district municipality, about 3 km south from Dūkštas city.
 Dūkštas Train Station is the closest train station to the Lake Dysnai (route Vilnius-Turmantas).
 It is approximately a 2 hours ride by train from Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania.
Kaunas ( ; ] ; also see other names) is the second-largest city in Lithuania and has historically been a leading centre of Lithuanian economic, academic, and cultural life.
 Kaunas was the biggest city and the centre of a county in Trakai Municipality of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania since 1413.
 In the Russian Empire, it was the capital of the Kaunas Governorate from 1843 to 1915.
 It became the only temporary capital city in Europe during the interwar period.
 Now it is the capital of Kaunas County, the seat of the Kaunas city municipality and the Kaunas District Municipality.
 It is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kaunas.
 Kaunas is located at the confluence of the two largest Lithuanian rivers, the Nemunas and the Neris, and near the Kaunas Reservoir, the largest body of water entirely in Lithuania.
Didžiosios Kabiškės (literally: "Great Kabiškės") is a village in Vilnius district municipality, Lithuania.
 It is located about 24 km northeast of Vilnius, capital of Lithuania.
 The nearest city is Nemenčinė.
 A smaller village, known as Mažosios Kabiškės (literally: "Little Kabiškės"), is located nearby.
 Didžiosios Kabiškės has a bi-lingual Lithuanian and Polish kindergarten and a primary school (reorganized into one institution in May 2009), a postal office, and a library.
Vilnius (] , see also other names) is the capital of Lithuania and its largest city, with a population of 542,664 as of 2015 .
 Vilnius is located in the southeast part of Lithuania and is the second largest city in the Baltic states.
 Vilnius is the seat of the main government institutions of Lithuania as well as of the Vilnius District Municipality.
 Vilnius is classified as a Gamma global city according to GaWC studies, and is known for the architecture in its Old Town, declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994.
 Prior to World War II, Vilnius was one of the largest Jewish centers in Europe.
 Its Jewish influence has led to it being described as the "Jerusalem of Lithuania" and Napoleon named it "the Jerusalem of the North" as he was passing through in 1812.
 In 2009, Vilnius was the European Capital of Culture, together with the Austrian city of Linz.
Aukštojas Hill is the highest point in all of Lithuania; it is located in the Medininkai Highlands, Migūnai forestry, approximately 24 km southeast of the capital city of Vilnius.
 Its elevation was measured in 2004 at 293.84 metres (964.08 feet) by specialists at the Institute of Geodesy at Vilnius Gediminas Technical University, using GPS technology.
 Previously, Juozapinė Hill, at 292.7 metres (960.35 feet), had been officially regarded as the highest point in Lithuania.
 In 1985, suspicions were raised by Rimantas Krupickas, a Lithuanian geographer, that Juozapinė Hill was not actually Lithuania's highest elevation.
 Aukštojas Hill is located approximately 500 metres (1,640 feet) west of Juozapinė Hill.
Palūšė is a tourist village in the Aukštaitija National Park in eastern Lithuania.
 It is located south-west of Ignalina.
 The church of Palūšė, built in 1750, is considered to be the oldest surviving wooden church in Lithuania.
 The church is constructed of wood and was built without using nails, only with saws and axes, It was featured on the one litas banknote.
 According to the 2011 census, it had 83 residents.
 In this village was born in Lithuania singer, composer Mikas Petrauskas.
