Kenny Brown (born July 5, 1953 on the Air Force base in Selma, Alabama) is an American blues slide guitarist skilled in the North Mississippi Hill Country blues style.
SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis is a 2007 made-for-television musical comedy special directed by Andrew Overtoom.
 It stars Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Carolyn Lawrence, and Mr. Lawrence.
 "Atlantis SquarePantis" originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on November 12, 2007, following a 12-hour-marathon of "SpongeBob SquarePants" episodes.
 In the film, SpongeBob (voiced by Kenny) and Patrick (voiced by Fagerbakke) discover a half of an ancient medallion that helps them & their friends get to the lost city of Atlantis.
The seventh series of "The Only Way Is Essex", a British semi-reality television programme, began airing on 30 September 2012 on ITV2.
 The series concluded on 31 October 2012 after ten episodes.
 Following the series, three festive special episodes aired from 2 December to 19 December 2012, including one live episode.
 The "The Only Way Is Essexmas" special episode is included on the Series 7 DVD, however for unknown reasons the other two specials aren't.
 This was the first series to include brand new cast members and siblings Jasmin and Danny Walia.
 Jasmin had previously appeared during the Essexmas special of the first series auditioning for girl band LOLA.
 This series also featured the return of original cast member Kirk Norcross following his departure at the end of the third series, as well as Mark Wright, who returned for the Essexmas special.
 The series also featured many cast departures including Cara and Tom Kilbey, and Lydia Bright.
 McFly band member Tom Fletcher also made a cameo appearance during this series when his brother-in-law Mario Falcone visited him seeking advice.
 This series heavily focused on the on/off relationship between Arg, and realising there's no way back for them, he launches a rescue mission for his PlayStation and his Kenny Award from her flat.
 It also includes the turbulent relationships of Jess and Ricky, Joey and Sam as well as Lucy and Mario whom eventually call their engagement off.
Marshall Lambert Rohner (December 20, 1963, Iowa – October 18, 2005, Yucca Valley, California) was a guitarist whose credits include: T.S.O.L., The Cruzados, Jimmy and The Mustangs, Kenny Brown and Dino's Revenge.
George Mira, Jr. (born c. 1965) if a former an All-American Middle linebacker for the University of Miami Hurricanes football team during the mid-1980s, taking over the reins after the departure of Jay Brophy.
 He is also the son of former U.M quarterback George Mira, Sr.
 He had a stellar career at the University of Miami until the 1987 National Championship Game, his last game of his senior year, before which he was suspended by the NCAA for diuretics use.
 The suspension endangered his draft status, which sent him down to the 12th round of the 1988 NFL Draft, where he was selected by the San Francisco 49ers, but did not manage an NFL game.
Kenneth James "Kenny" Brown (born 11 July 1967) is an English former professional footballer and current football manager.
 As a player, he played for Norwich City, Plymouth Argyle, West Ham United, Huddersfield Town, Reading, Southend United, Crystal Palace, Reading, Birmingham City, Millwall, Gillingham, Kingstonian, Portadown, Barry Town, Tilbury and FC Torrevieja.
 He has also managed Barry Town, CD Jávea, and Tooting & Mitcham United and been assistant manager with Grays Athletic and Chelmsford City.
 Following the departure of Dean Holdsworth as manager of Chelmsford in November 2013, Brown became their caretaker manager.
The Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health (formerly Harvard School of Public Health) is the public health graduate school of Harvard University, located in the Longwood Medical Area of Boston, Massachusetts adjacent Harvard Medical School.
 The Chan School is considered a preeminent school of public health in the United States.
 The school grew out of the Harvard-MIT School for Health Officers, the nation's first graduate training program in population health, which was founded in 1913 and became the Harvard School of Public Health in 1922.
 Michelle Williams, faculty and chair of the school's Department of Epidemiology, became the school's dean in July 2016, following the departure of former dean Julio Frenk and interim service of acting dean David Hunter.
 She then became the first African American individual to head a Harvard faculty.
POWRi (Performance Open Wheeled Racing, inc.) is a oval track racing sanctioning body based in the United States, founded by promoter Kenny Brown.
Dorothy "Dot" Branning (also Cotton) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera, "EastEnders", played by June Brown since 1985.
 Dot first appeared in "EastEnders" in July 1985 as the mother of criminal Nick Cotton (John Altman).
 The character has worked as a launderette assistant for most of that time along with original character Pauline Fowler (Wendy Richard).
 Dot moved away with her son and his family in 1993.
 In reality, Brown left the show in 1993, unhappy with the axing of her co star Peter Dean, who played Pete Beale from the shows first episode to early 1993.
 Brown returned to the role in 1997, and Dot was shown moving back to Albert Square, and has continued since that time.
 On 28 April 2017, Dot overtook Pat Butcher (Pam St. Clement) as the second longest-serving character in "EastEnders", surpassed only by original character Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt).
 In a special episode entitled "EastEnders: Dot's Story" (2003) a young Dot was played by Tallulah Pitt-Brown in flashbacks.
 In April 2012, Brown took a six-month break from the show to write her memoirs.
 Dot temporarily departed on 18 May 2012.
 She returned on 14 January 2013.
 In February 2015, Dot began appearing less frequently due to Brown gradually losing her eyesight; this aspect of her life was later written into her character the following year.
 In January 2016, it was announced that Brown had renewed her contract with the BBC until March 2017.
 Brown is now the oldest soap opera actress in Britain.
 In January 2017 it was reported that the BBC were offering Brown £300,000 for a one-year contract.
Edwin Davies {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 18 June 1946) is a British businessman and philanthropist.
 He served as the Chairman of the Strix Group from 1984 to 2006.
 He was the owner of Bolton Wanderers F.C. until March 2016, when Dean Holdsworth fronted a consortium to take over the club.
 The Edwin and Susan Davies Galleries at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London are named in his honour.
