Miklos Porkolab (born March 24, 1939) is a Hungarian-American physicist specializing in plasma physics.
 He emigrated in 1957 from Hungary to Canada, where he studied at the University of British Columbia (Bachelor, 1963) and then at Stanford University, where he obtained his Master degree in 1964 and his PhD in 1968.
 He then moved to the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, where he worked as a Senior Research Physicist until 1975.
 During the following year, Porkolab worked at the Max Planck Institute for Plasma Physics in Garching, Germany, under the auspices of the Humboldt Foundation as a winner of the "US Senior Scientist Award".
 In 1977 he became Professor of Physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he later led the Plasma Science and Fusion Center (PSFC) for many years.
Donna Gigliotti (born 1955) is an American film producer.
 She is best known for producing the Academy Award-winning film "Shakespeare in Love" with David Parfitt, Harvey Weinstein, Edward Zwick and Marc Norman (who also co-wrote the film's screenplay).
 She also produced the Academy Award-winning films "Silver Linings Playbook" and "The Reader".
 Gigliotti started her professional career as an assistant to Martin Scorsese on the film "Raging Bull".
 During the 1990s Gigliotti worked as an executive-producer on several films including "Emma", "Talk of Angels" and "Devil in a Blue Dress".
Anastasia Khitruk (Russian: Анастасия Хитрук ) (b. Moscow, August 1974) is a Russian-born American violin player.
 She was a student of Dorothy DeLay at the Juilliard School.
 She has made many recordings of which three were for Naxos: Khandoshkin #8.570028, Grammy nominated Miklos Rozsa Violin Concerto #8.570350, and Leon de Saint-Lubin #8.572019.
 Several works written for Ms. Khitruk include "Der Golum" by Michael Colina.
Space Master X-7 is a 1958 science fiction movie directed by Edward Bernds, starring Robert Ellis, Bill Williams, Lyn Thomas, Moe Howard (in a cameo), Paul Frees and Judd Holdren.
 Norman Maurer worked on the special effects.
 The screenplay was written by George Worthing Yates and Daniel Mainwaring.
Dinesh Raheja (born March 31, 1957) is an Indian author, columnist, TV scriptwriter, film historian.
 Raheja has been writing on cinema for over 30 years.
 In his long and prolific career as a writer, he has worked as the Editor of "Movie magazine" (1988-1999), Channel Editor of "India Today’s" online film section and Editor of "Bollywood News Service".
 He has been a regular columnist for rediff.com and "Sunday Mid-day" for over a decade and his articles have been published in "The Times of India", "The Indian Express", "The Hindustan Times", "India Today" and "Outlook".
 Raheja is a committed film historian and has authored five books: "The Hundred Luminaries of Hindi Cinema" (1996), "Indian Cinema", "The Bollywood Saga (2004)", "Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam: The Original Screenplay (2012)", "Chaudhvin Ka Chand: The Original Screenplay (2014)" and "Kaagaz Ke Phool – The Original Screenplay" (2015).
Grant Curtis is a film producer, who has worked with director Sam Raimi on "The Gift", "Drag Me To Hell", the "Spider-Man" films and "Oz the Great and Powerful".
 He grew up in the rural Missouri town of Warrensburg.
 Curtis received a master's degree in Mass Communication in 1997 from the University of Central Missouri (UCM), formerly CMSU (located in the town of Warrensburg).
 He wrote a thesis/screenplay entitled: "And God Stepped Aside".
 The screenplay examines the relationship between a young man who reluctantly fulfills the dying wishes of his estranged grandmother by taking her to Paris, France.
 The story was inspired by Curtis' own personal experiences with death within his family.
 Not long after he completed his thesis/screenplay while he lived in Los Angeles, CA., Curtis' neighbor informed him that director Sam Raimi was looking for an assistant.
 Curtis interviewed for the position, not entirely confident afterwards that his Missouri accent and demeanor, not to mention his limited practical experience, garnered Raimi's consideration.
 After waiting many months, Curtis discovered that he got the job, and his journey towards success began.
Hugh Stuart Menzies (18861959) was a British advertising executive.
 Born in London, in 1922 he set up the Stuart Advertising Agency that worked with contemporary artists of the time such as Edward Bawden, Edward McKnight Kauffer, Ben Nicholson, and Barbara Hepworth.
 Menzies initially worked for Fortnum and Mason running their Invalid Delicasies Food Department before becoming a copywriter and producing the Commentaries for Fortnum & Mason - a new style of direct mail booklets illustrated by W Hendy, Menzies and Edward Bawden.
 The Stuart Advertising Agency were commissioned to design the logo of Imperial Airways and some of the "Shell on the Road" publicity for Shell-Mex.
 Menzies's business partner, Marcus Brumwell, headed the firm when Menzies retired around 1938-9.
 Menzies moved with his wife, Elizabeth to Tahiti and later settled in Canada.
 He died in December 1959 whilst on a cruise near Gibraltar.
Hossein Amini (Persian: حسین امینی‎ ‎ ; born January 18, 1966) is an Iranian screenwriter and film director.
 Amini has worked as a screenwriter since the early 1990s.
 He was nominated for numerous awards for the 1997 film "The Wings of the Dove", including an Academy Award for Best Writing – Adapted Screenplay.
 He also won a "Best Adapted Screenplay" award from the Austin Film Critics Association for his screenplay adaptation of Nicolas Winding Refn's "Drive" (2011), based on the novel by James Sallis.
 For his directorial debut, he both wrote and directed "The Two Faces of January", an adaptation of the Patricia Highsmith novel.
Edward Carfagno (November 28, 1907 – December 28, 1996) was an art director who established himself in the 1950s with his Oscar-winning work on such films as Vincente Minnelli's "The Bad and the Beautiful" (1952), Joseph Mankiewicz's "Julius Caesar" (1953) and William Wyler's "Ben-Hur" (1959).
 Carfagno went on to work consistently on a variety of films, including five collaborations with Clint Eastwood including "Tightrope" (1984) and "Heartbreak Ridge" (1987).
Storm Over the Nile is a 1955 film adaptation of the novel "The Four Feathers", directed by Terence Young and Zoltan Korda.
 The film not only extensively used footage of the action scenes from the 1939 film version stretched into CinemaScope, but is a shot-for-shot, almost line-for-line remake of the earlier film, which was also directed by Korda.
 Several pieces of music by the original composer Miklos Rozsa were also utilised.
 It featured Anthony Steel, Laurence Harvey, James Robertson Justice, Mary Ure, Ian Carmichael, Michael Hordern and Christopher Lee.
 The film was shot on location in the Sudan.
