Barry Andrews (born 12 September 1956, West Norwood, London) is a vocalist and keyboardist.
 He is a former member of the bands XTC and League of Gentlemen with Robert Fripp, and was co-founder of Shriekback.
 He has collaborated with Brian Eno on several projects, most recently guesting on keyboards for the 2005 album "Another Day On Earth".
 Andrews also played on the 1980 Iggy Pop album "Soldier" with David Bowie, Ivan Kral, Glen Matlock and Klaus Kruger.
"Hoppípolla" (] , "Hopp í polla" is Icelandic for "Hopping into puddles") is a song by Icelandic band Sigur Rós from their 2005 album "Takk...".
 It was released as the album's second single on 28 November 2005.
 The lyrics are mainly in Icelandic, with some nonsensical phrases, a "language" the band calls Vonlenska ("Hopelandic").
 Written with spaces, the song's title would be "Hoppa í polla" (the "—a" in "hoppa" is not pronounced).
 As with many of the band's songs, it was given a nickname in the early stages of writing.
 "Hoppípolla" was "The Money Song", as the band was certain they had written a song which would have commercial success.
 It is the band's most successful single, charting at #24 on the UK Singles Chart in May 2006.
 It is considered the most well known song within its genre.
 The single also features "Með blóðnasir", an instrumental coda to "Hoppípolla", which is also featured on "Takk..."; and a studio remake of "Hafssól", a song previously released on the band's 1997 debut album, "Von".
 The title appears as "Hafsól" on the single.
"Fresh Azimiz" (""fresh as I'm is"") is a single featured on rapper Bow Wow's 2005 album "Wanted".
 It is the third song after his chart topping singles "Let Me Hold You" with singer Omarion and "Like You" with Ciara.
 It features J-Kwon & Jermaine Dupri.
 The song was produced by Jermaine Dupri.
 The song became his third Top 40 single from his 2005 album "Wanted", peaking at number 23 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
"Painkiller" is a 2006 single by Freestylers featuring Pendulum and SirReal.
 It was released to promote the release of Freestylers' album "Adventures in Freestyle".
 Pendulum had previously collaborated with Freestylers for the track "Fasten Your Seatbelt", which was released as a single and appeared on the former's 2005 album, "Hold Your Colour".
 The single was released on 12" vinyl and on CD, with a second remix single being released on 12" vinyl.
Spiritual Unity is a 2005 album by Marc Ribot released on Pi Recordings.
 The album features compositions by Albert Ayler who Ribot identifies as a significant influence.
 It was recorded at Orange Music Sound Studio, West Orange, New Jersey on October 28, 2004, except "Bells", which was recorded live at Tonic in New York City on October 27, 2004.
L'Heure d'été is a 2005 album recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine.
 It was his ninth studio album and his 12th album overall.
 Released on May 23, 2005, it was successful in the francophone countries.
Marc Predka (born April 21, 1975) better known by his stage name Tha Trademarc, is an American hip hop artist.
 He first came to prominence when he and his first cousin, WWE wrestler John Cena, collaborated on the 2005 album "You Can't See Me", including Cena's entrance theme "The Time Is Now".
 He also appeared in the music videos of the songs, "Bad Bad Man" and "Right Now" with Cena.
 Prior to the album, Trademarc appeared on Cena's first WWE DVD "Word Life".
 He now works as a classroom specialist for the Peace Corps of America.
Duality is a 2005 album from the band Ra.
 The style from this album has noticeably changed since Ra's debut album of "From One".
 The album boasts a hard rock and melodic vibe whereas their first album had more of a nu metal feel.
 The middle-eastern influences in the CD are still present, but are noticeably pushed back.
 Akin to their former album, "Duality" only claimed one single which was the song "Fallen Angels", a song that was inspired by the Kevin Smith film Dogma.
 The tenth track "Got Me Going" was played on the radio in the background of the movie "Hot Rod".
 Janel Elizabeth has a cover of the song "Swimming Upstream" streamed on her Myspace.
"Can We Talk" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Tevin Campbell and composed and produced by Babyface.
 It was the first single to be released from his double platinum second release "I'm Ready".
 The song hit top ten on the pop charts peaking at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and spent a total of three weeks at number one on the US R&B chart.
 It sold 500,000 copies and earned a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America.
 The song was also Nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male.
 It was also nominated and later won the Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Single - Male ("Can We Talk").
 Cover versions of the hit song have been done by The Whispers, Sanchez, and Kirk Whalum (on his 2005 album "Kirk Whalum Performs the Babyface Songbook").
 The song was later covered by British boyband Code Red in 1996, for their debut album "Scarlet" and was released as the album's lead single becoming a modest hit and reaching #1 in Asia.
 The song has also been covered by a Japanese/Korean singer during June 2008.
 The song became the opening theme to the 2012 sitcom "1600 Penn".
 The song was sampled in hip hop duo Luniz's song "Playa Hata" from their debut album "Operation Stackola".
 The song was sung by 19-year-old Victor Sulfa during the semi-finals on season 3 of "New Zealand Idol" as well as Nikko Smith during the Top 10 round on season 4 of "American Idol".
 The song has been featured on at least two different compilation albums including Disc 14 of "Classic Soul Ballads" entitled "Tender Love" and Volume 6 of MTV's "Party to Go" compilation albums series entitled "MTV Party to Go 6".
"Like Light to the Flies" (or "Like Light", as it is often referred to) is a song by heavy metal band Trivium and is the first single and music video from their 2005 album, "Ascendancy".
 The band originally considered using the song "Ember to Inferno" as their first single but changed their minds after recording this song (along with "Blinding Tears Will Break the Skies" and "The Deceived").
 "Like Light" was released in January 2005, and features a mix of screaming and singing.
 The song contains two guitar solos which are meshed into one longer solo, with a small interlude in the middle.
 The Music video featured the original member & bass player Brent Young and the version used in the video is the demo version, not the album version, but the demo found previously on the MTV compilation album "".
