The Journal of Materials Chemistry A is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the synthesis, properties, and applications of novel materials related to energy and sustainability.
 It is one of three journals created after the "Journal of Materials Chemistry" was split at the end of 2012.
 Its first issue was published in January 2013.
 The journal is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry and has two sister journals, "Journal of Materials Chemistry B" and "Journal of Materials Chemistry C", which cover different materials science topics.
 The editor-in-chief for the "Journal of Materials Chemistry" family of journals is currently Nazario Martin.
 The deputy editor-in-chief for "Journal of Materials Chemistry A" is Hiroshi Imahori, while the executive editor is Annie Harvey.
In atomic physics, Hund's rules refers to a set of rules that German physicist Friedrich Hund formulated around 1927, which are used to determine the term symbol that corresponds to the ground state of a multi-electron atom.
 The first rule is especially important in chemistry, where it is often referred to as, simply, Hund's Rule.
The Journal of Materials Chemistry B is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the properties, applications, and synthesis of new materials related to biology and medicine.
 It is one of the three journals that were created after the "Journal of Materials Chemistry" was split at the end of 2012.
 The first issue was published in January 2013.
 It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
 The other two parts of the Journal of Materials Chemistry family are "Journal of Materials Chemistry A" and "Journal of Materials Chemistry C", which cover different materials science topics.
 The editor-in-chief is Fiona McKenzie.
Wizard's First Rule, written by Terry Goodkind, is the first book in the epic fantasy series "The Sword of Truth".
 Published by Tor Books, it was released on August 15, 1994 in hardcover, and in paperback on July 15, 1997.
 The book was also re-released with new cover artwork by Keith Parkinson in paperback on June 23, 2001.
 The novel was adapted to television in the 2008 television series "Legend of the Seeker".
Marriage in the Netherlands has very few rules that have changed throughout history.
 The first rule was set in the 1811 Civil Code which stated that the groom must be at least 18 years of age and the bride must be at least 15 years of age.
 This was changed in 1838 when brides were made to be at least 16 years of age and grooms still 18.
 Recent additions to the Civil Code have changed the brides' age to 18, along with the grooms' age of 18.
Bleeding order is a term used in phonology to describe specific interactions of phonological rules.
 The term was introduced in 1968 by Paul Kiparsky.
 If two phonological rules are said to be in bleeding order, the application of the first rule creates a context in which the second rule can no longer apply.
Anthony Lister (1979 – present) is a contemporary Australian-born painter and installation artist, best known for his merging of “high” and “low” cultural imagery in his work he is looked to as one of the best painters in street art anywhere in the world.
 Born in 1979 in Brisbane, Australia, he studied at the Queensland College of Art.
 Lister helped pioneer the street art movement in his home city as a teenager and is considered Australia’s premier street artist.
 His scrawling, figurative style employs charcoal, acrylic, spray paint, and oil.
 “The first rule of painting is to take everyone else out of the equation,” he has said.
 “I am the viewer, so I don’t underestimate my viewers.
 They see everything and I just have to assume that they are me.
 I can’t paint for anyone else.”
 His exhibitions include those held at the New Image Art Gallery in Los Angeles, Robert Fontaine Gallery in Miami, Jonathan Levine Gallery in New York and Black Art Projects in Melbourne.
 Lister currently lives and works in Sydney, Australia.
Splitting aces and eights is part of blackjack basic strategy.
 Rules vary across gambling establishments regarding resplitting, doubling, multiple card draws, and the payout for blackjack, and there are conditional strategic responses that depend upon the number of decks used, the frequency of shuffling and dealer's cards.
 However, regardless of the various situations, the common strategic wisdom in the blackjack community is to "Always split aces and eights" when dealt either pair as initial cards.
 This is generally the first rule of any splitting strategy.
The Journal of Materials Chemistry C is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the properties, applications, and synthesis of new materials related to optical, magnetic and electronic devices.
 It is one of the three journals created from the splitting of "Journal of Materials Chemistry" at the end of 2012.
 Its first issue was published in January 2013.
 The journal is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry and has two sister journals, "Journal of Materials Chemistry A" and "Journal of Materials Chemistry B".
 The editor-in-chief is Annie Harvey.
Francis Arthur Freeth {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (2 January 1884 – 15 July 1970) was a British industrial chemist.
 He spent much of his career at Brunner Mond and its successor Imperial Chemical Industries, as chief chemist, research manager and in a recruiting capacity, with particular knowledge of phase rule chemistry, and developed many processes related to the manufacture of explosives.
 He made a critical contribution to the British World War I effort by devising new ways to manufacture ammonium nitrate, which was recognised with an honour, and a smaller contribution in World War II for the Special Operations Executive.
 Freeth created links between Brunner Mond and Dutch chemistry, particularly at the University of Leiden where he met Kammerlingh Onnes and was awarded a doctorate.
