Spunge (often typeset as [spunge] - lead singer Alex Copeland has joked that the brackets are in the name so that the letters do not fall out) are a ska punk band from Tewkesbury, England.
 Through many years of touring, Spunge have toured with or played alongside a number UK bands; and several more American bands such as Green Day and Dropkick Murphys; and been supported on a UK tour by Bowling for Soup; the latter of whom contributed backing vocals to the song "Centerfold" on the "That Should Cover It!
" album.
Stéphane Houdet and Shingo Kunieda were the defending champions, but they decided not to play together.
 Stéphane Houdet played alongside Joachim Gérard and won the title by defeating Gustavo Fernández and Nicolas Peifer in the final, 4–6, 6–3, [11–9].
 Shingo Kunieda played alongside Takuya Miki and lost in the semifinals to Joachim Gérard and Stéphane Houdet.
Lauren Lane is an American television and stage actress.
 She is best known for her role as C. C. Babcock on "The Nanny".
GNU Multiple Precision Arithmetic Library (GMP) is a free library for arbitrary-precision arithmetic, operating on signed integers, rational numbers, and floating point numbers.
 There are no practical limits to the precision except the ones implied by the available memory in the machine GMP runs on (operand dimension limit is 2-1 bits on 32-bit machines and 2 bits on 64-bit machines).
 GMP has a rich set of functions, and the functions have a regular interface.
 The basic interface is for C but wrappers exist for other languages including Ada, C++, C#, Julia, OCaml, Perl, PHP, Python, R, Ruby and the Wolfram Language.
 In the past, the Kaffe Java virtual machine used GMP to support Java built-in arbitrary precision arithmetic.
 This feature has been removed from recent releases, causing protests from people who claim that they used Kaffe solely for the speed benefits afforded by GMP.
 As a result, GMP support has been added to GNU Classpath.
Marcelo Demoliner and João Souza were the defending champions, but they decided not to play together.
 Demoliner played alongside Elias and Souza played alongside Sá.
Josef Preishuber-Pflügl is an Austrian RFID, NFC and IoT expert who is and was project editor of various international RFID standards as ISO/IEC 18000-4 "2.45 GHz air interface", ISO/IEC 18000-6" General UHF RFID air interface", ISO/IEC 18000-63 "Type C: UHF RFID air interface", ISO/IEC 18000-7 "433 MHz Active RFID air interface", ISO/IEC 29143 "Air interface for Mobile Item Identification Methods", and ISO/IEC 29167-1 "RFID Security".
Chasing Morgan is an American pop punk band from Harford County, Maryland that began early in 2010.
 They have played alongside many national touring acts and were a catering band for the Vans Warped Tour in 2013 and 2014.
Joe Baiza (born January 11, 1952) is a punk rock and jazz guitarist whom Eugene Chadbourne cites as one of the most noteworthy guitarists to emerge from the Southern California punk rock milieu.
 Baiza is a founding member of the bands Saccharine Trust, Universal Congress Of, and The Mecolodiacs.
 He also performed guest guitar spots on several Minutemen tracks and played alongside Black Flag's Greg Ginn and Chuck Dukowski in the SST all-star jam band October Faction, recording two albums with them.
 Baiza was also part of the musical side project Nastassya Filippovna which featured Bob Lee (drums), Devin Sarno (bass) and Mike Watt (bass).
 He substituted for Nels Cline during Mike Watt's European and American tours behind his second solo album, "Contemplating the Engine Room", in 1997 and 1998.
 Also in 1997, he and Cline played (sometimes together) in the band Solo Career with Lee (drums), Richard Derrick (bass), Walter Zooi (trumpet) and Gustavo Aguilar (percussion); other guitarists in that rotating ensemble included Mario Lalli, Woody Aplanalp and Ken Rosser.
 Currently, he is in the reunited Saccharine Trust as well as the improvisational unit Unknown Instructors with former Minutemen Mike Watt and George Hurley.
Chester Drescher (1981–2000) was a performing dog and Fran Drescher's Pomeranian.
 He played C.C. Babcock's dog on "The Nanny", who seemed to like nanny Fran Fine better than he did C.C.
 He was also in the 1990 film "Cadillac Man".
He grew up playing for the Otahuhu Leopards before moving to the Te Atatu Roosters where he won a Fox Memorial premiership.
 He later played for the Mangere East Hawks before moving to England.
 During the 1991 season Iva was able to twice line up alongside four of his brothers for Mangere East in the Auckland Rugby League competition.
 Iva played alongside Joe, John, Peter, and Tea.
