Stuart's Stranglers was a well-known vigilante group in Montana that was founded in 1884 and led by Granville Stuart in response to widespread livestock theft at that time.
 They were also less commonly known as the "Montana Stranglers."
Roger Guerreiro (] ; born on 25 May 1982 in São Paulo, Brazil), commonly known as Roger, is a Polish footballer, playing for Hercílio Luz-SC, as an attacking midfielder.
 Brazilian-born Roger was granted Polish citizenship.
Arthur Roger Thatcher {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (22 October 1926 – 13 February 2010), commonly known as Roger Thatcher or sometimes as A. Roger Thatcher, was a British statistician.
 Thatcher was born in Birmingham and spent his formative early years in Wilmslow, Cheshire.
 He attended The Leys School in Cambridge and went on to university at St John's College, Cambridge, where he concentrated his studies in statistics, economics, and mathematics.
 After brief training in meteorology as part of his national service, he instructed Royal Navy pilots in weather patterns.
 He married his wife Mary in 1950; they had two children.
Andrew Stuart Murray McCall (born 10 June 1964), commonly known as Stuart McCall, is a professional football manager and former player who is the manager of League One club Bradford City.
 He made a total of 763 league games and in 40 full international matches for Scotland during his playing career.
Ninian Crichton Stuart (more commonly known as Ninian Stuart) (born 16 March 1957) is the Hereditary Keeper of Falkland Palace, a former Scottish royal palace.
The Jacobite rising of 1745 (Scottish Gaelic: "Bliadhna Theàrlaich" ] , "The Year of Charles") was the attempt by Charles Edward Stuart to regain the British throne for the exiled House of Stuart.
 The rising occurred during the War of the Austrian Succession, when most of the British Army was on the European continent.
 Charles Edward Stuart, commonly known as "Bonnie Prince Charlie" or "the Young Pretender", sailed to Scotland and raised the Jacobite standard at Glenfinnan in the Scottish Highlands, where he was supported by a gathering of Highland clansmen.
 The march south began with an initial victory at Prestonpans near Edinburgh.
 The Jacobite army, now in bold spirits, marched onwards to Carlisle, over the border in England.
 When it reached Derby, some British divisions were recalled from the Continent and the Jacobite army retreated north to Inverness where the last battle on Scottish soil took place on a nearby moor at Culloden.
 The Battle of Culloden ended with the final defeat of the Jacobite cause.
 Charles Edward Stuart fled with a price on his head before finally sailing to France.
Charles Edward Louis John Casimir Sylvester Severino Maria Stuart (31 December 1720 – 31 January 1788), commonly known in Britain during his lifetime as The Young Pretender and The Young Chevalier, and often known in retrospective accounts as Bonnie Prince Charlie, was the second Jacobite pretender to the thrones of England, Scotland, France and Ireland (as Charles III) from the death of his father in 1766.
 This claim was based on his status as the eldest son of James Francis Edward Stuart, himself the son of James VII and II.
 Charles is perhaps best known as the instigator of the unsuccessful Jacobite uprising of 1745, in which he led an insurrection to restore his family to the throne of Great Britain.
 The uprising ended in defeat at the Battle of Culloden, effectively terminating the Jacobite cause.
 Jacobites supported the Stuart claim because they hoped for religious toleration for Roman Catholics and because they believed in the divine right of kings.
 Charles's flight from Scotland after the uprising has rendered him a romantic figure of heroic failure in some later representations.
 In 1759 he was involved in a French plan to invade Britain, which was abandoned after British naval victories.
Philip Carlo (April 18, 1949 – November 8, 2010) was a journalist and best selling biographer of Thomas Pitera, Richard Kuklinski, Anthony Casso, and Richard Ramirez.
 Carlo suffered from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), commonly known as "Lou Gehrig's Disease".
 He was bound to a wheelchair and respirator, but retained his ability to speak normally during his lifetime.
 He died of the disease on November 8, 2010 at age 61.
Roger Stuart Woolhouse (1940–2011) was an English philosopher, an expert on empiricism and rationalism and a biographer of John Locke.
Arthur Edward Waite (2 October 1857 – 19 May 1942), commonly known as A. E. Waite, was an American-born British poet and scholarly mystic who wrote extensively on occult and esoteric matters, and was the co-creator of the Rider-Waite Tarot deck.
 As his biographer R. A. Gilbert described him, "Waite's name has survived because he was the first to attempt a systematic study of the history of western occultism—viewed as a spiritual tradition rather than as aspects of proto-science or as the pathology of religion."
