John Coffin Talbot (1784–1860) was an American businessperson and politician from Maine.
 Talbot, a Democrat, served 6 one-year terms in the Maine Legislature, including two in the Maine House of Representatives (1825; 1831) and four in the Maine Senate (1832-1833; 1836-1837).
 In his 4th and final Senate term, Talbot was elected Senate President.
Lester Daniel Bronson (December 23, 1905 – January 24, 1972) was a Democrat and represented Nome, Alaska as a member of Alaska territorial House of Representatives 2nd District, 1955-56; in the 1st Alaska State Legislature as a Senator 1959-1960; 2nd Alaska State Legislature as a Senator 1961-1962; 3rd Alaska State Legislature 1963-1965 as a Senator and in the 6th Alaska State Legislature
The Governor of Iowa is the chief executive of the U.S. state of Iowa.
 The governor is the head of the executive branch of Iowa's state government and is charged with enforcing state laws.
 The governor has the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Iowa State Legislature, to convene the legislature, and to grant pardons, except in cases of treason and impeachment.
 The governor is also the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.
Charles William Grant was born in 1782.
 He was the son of Captain David Alexander Grant and Marie-Charles-Joseph Le Moyne, Baronne de Longueuil.
 He married Caroline Coffin, daughter of General John Coffin and Anne Mathews, in 1813.
 He became a member of the Legislative Council of Lower Canada.
 He succeeded to the title of Baron de Longueuil on 17 January 1841.
 He died on 5 July 1848 at his residence of Aylwing House in Kingston.
Three vessels named Earl Talbot for one of the Earls Talbot served in the 18th and 19th centuries as East Indiamen for the British East India Company (EIC):
The Hawaii State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Hawaii.
 The state legislature is a bicameral body consisting of a lower house, the Hawaii State House of Representatives, with 51 representatives, and an upper house, the 25-member Hawaii State Senate.
 There are a total of 76 representatives in the legislature, each representing single member districts across the islands.
 The powers of the legislature are granted under Article III of the Constitution of Hawaii.
The California State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of California.
 It is a bicameral body consisting of the lower house, the California State Assembly, with 80 members, and the upper house, the California State Senate, with 40 members.
 New legislators convene each new two-year session, to organize, in the Assembly and Senate Chambers, respectively, at noon on the first Monday in December following the election.
 After the organizational meeting, both houses are in recess until the first Monday in January, except when the first Monday is January 1 or January 1 is a Sunday, in which case they meet the following Wednesday.
 Aside from the recess, the legislature is in session year-round.
John Coffin, PhD, is an American virologist.
 Raised in Boston, Massachusetts, Coffin is a professor of Genetics and Molecular Microbiology at Tufts University in Boston.
 He is also the director of the HIV Drug Resistance Program of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) and serves as Special Advisor to the Director of the Center for Cancer Research at NCI.
 He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences (elected in 1999) and a recipient of American Cancer Society professorship.
 He has advised policy committees at the national level regarding virus-related matters.
 Coffin was programme committee chair for the 18th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in 2011.
The Governor of Montana is the head of the executive branch of Montana's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.
 The governor has a duty to enforce state laws, the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Montana State Legislature, to convene the legislature at any time, and to grant pardons and reprieves.
The Arizona State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Arizona.
 It is a bicameral legislature that consists of a lower house, the House of Representatives, and an upper house, the Senate.
 Composed of 90 legislators, the state legislature meets in the Capitol Complex in the state capital of Phoenix, Arizona.
 Created by the Arizona Constitution upon statehood in 1912, the Arizona State Legislature met biennially until 1950.
 Today, they meet annually.
