PAL Express, formerly Air Philippines and Airphil Express, is an airline operating under the business name of Air Philippines Corporation.
 It operates domestic and international scheduled services from Manila, Cebu, Davao and Zamboanga.
 The airline has been re-branded a number of times, first as Air Philippines, then Airphil Express, and is now known as PAL Express.
 After a series of financial losses, Air Philippines ceased operations until it was acquired by investors from Philippine Airlines.
 After the acquisition, the airline was re-launched as PAL Express, operating some routes and slot assignments of its sister company Philippine Airlines until management decided to re-brand the carrier as a budget airline known as Airphil Express.
 However, in March 2013, the company's CEO announced that the name would be reverted to PAL Express.
 As a codeshare partner of Philippine Airlines, PAL Express operates as a full service carrier within a low-cost model.
Tiger Airways Australia Pty Ltd, operating as Tigerair Australia, is an Australian low-cost airline.
 It commenced services in the Australian domestic airline market on 23 November 2007 as Tiger Airways Australia.
 It is a fully owned subsidiary of Virgin Australia Holdings.
 The airline is based in Melbourne, Victoria, with its main base at Melbourne Airport.
 The Civil Aviation Safety Authority of Australia (CASA) grounded the airline in 2011; as a result operating bases at Adelaide and Avalon were shut down and it initially only operated out of its Melbourne base after returning to the air.
 On 7 March 2012, Tigerair announced the reopening of a second base at Sydney Airport.
Tiger Airways Singapore Pte Ltd, operating as Tigerair, was a budget airline headquartered in Singapore.
 It operated services to regional destinations in Southeast Asia, Bangladesh, China and India from its main base at Singapore Changi Airport.
 It was founded as an independent airline in 2003, and was listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange under the Tiger Airways Holdings name in 2010.
 In October 2014, parent company Tiger Airways Holdings became a subsidiary of the SIA Group, who took a 56% ownership stake.
Nicaragua Airways is the potential future national flag carrier of Nicaragua.
 Its main base is Augusto C. Sandino International Airport, Managua.
 It is the first time in 20 years that Nicaragua will have a national flag carrier, after Aeronica ceased operations in 1991.
 Since then, the flag carrier status was awarded to Nicaragüense de Aviación also known as NICA Airlines.
 Several airlines had tried to become the Nicaraguan flag carrier like CAAL (Central American Airlines), SANSA (Servicios Aereos Nicaraguenses S.A.) but none of these survived a year.
 Today even NICA Airlines (6Y) is registered as the national airline of Nicaragua, the only international flight it operated once (Managua to Miami) and is done under the TACA code (TA) as a full TACA Airlines flight.
Nordica is the state-owned Estonian flag carrier headquartered in Tallinn and based at Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport.
 It is the largest air carrier at Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport.
 The airline was formed after the 2015 bankruptcy of the previous flag carrier Estonian Air.
 Since most of the flights are marketed by LOT Polish Airlines, which owns 49% of the shares and a member of the Star Alliance, Nordica also carries LOT's flight codes and callsign on most of its flights.
 Through its subsidiary Regional Jet in a partnership with Scandinavian Airlines, Regional Jet operates four ATR72-600s between Copenhagen, Aarhus, Aalborg, Billund, Goteborg, Hanover and other SK destinations.
Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Ltd (Chinese: 港龍航空公司), operating brand as Cathay Dragon (Chinese: 國泰港龍航空) and previously as Dragonair, is a Hong Kong-based international regional airline, with its corporate headquarters, Cathay Dragon House, and main hub at Hong Kong International Airport.
 As of 30 October 2013, the airline operates a scheduled passenger network to 44 destinations in 13 countries and territories across Asia.
 Additionally, the airline has 3 codeshares on routes which are served by partner airlines.
 It has an all Airbus fleet of 41 aircraft, consisting of A320s, A321s and A330s. Cathay Dragon is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong's flag carrier, Cathay Pacific, and is an affiliate member of the Oneworld airline alliance.
 The airline was founded on May 24, 1985 by Chao Kuang Piu, the airline's present honorary chairman.
 Its maiden flight departed Hong Kong for Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia after being granted an air operator's certificate (AOC) by the Hong Kong Government in July 1985.
 In 2010, Dragonair, together with its parent, Cathay Pacific, operated over 138,000 flights, carried nearly 27 million passengers and over 1.80 billion kg of cargo and mail.
China Airlines (CAL) () () is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Republic of China (Taiwan).
 It is headquartered in Taoyuan International Airport and has 12,607 regular employees.
 China Airlines operates over 1,400 flights weekly to 118 airports in 115 cities (including codeshare) across Asia, Europe, North America and Oceania.
 The cargo division operates 91 pure freighter flights weekly.
 The carrier was, in 2013, the 29th and 10th largest airline in the world in terms of passenger revenue per kilometer (RPK) and freight RPK, respectively.
 China Airlines has three airline subsidiaries: Mandarin Airlines operates flights to domestic and low-demand regional destinations; China Airlines Cargo, a member of Skyteam Cargo, operates a fleet of freighter aircraft and manages its parent airline's cargo-hold capacity; Tigerair Taiwan is a low-cost carrier established by China Airlines and Singaporean airline group Tigerair Holdings and is wholly owned by China Airlines Group.
Tigerair Mandala ("formerly Mandala Airlines") was a low-cost airline headquartered in Jakarta, Indonesia and is an associate company of the Singapore-based Tigerair Group.
 The former full service airline repositioned itself as a budget airline/low-cost carrier (LCC) following a year-long grounding in 2011 caused by debt woes.
 Mandala resumed operations in April 2012 following an injection of fresh capital by Indonesian conglomerate Saratoga Investment Corp which took over 51% of the airline, with partner Tigerair taking up 33.3% and the rest by creditors.
Scoot Tigerair Pte Ltd. (operating as Scoot) is a Singaporean low-cost long-haul airline owned by Singapore Airlines through its subsidiary Budget Aviation Holdings.
 It launched flights in June 2012 on medium and long-haul routes from Singapore, predominantly to China and India.
 Initially, Scoot's fleet consisted of Boeing 777 aircraft obtained from Singapore Airlines.
 The airline began to transition its fleet to Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft from 2015.
 On 25 July 2017, Tigerair was officially merged into Scoot using Tigerair's air operator's certificate (AOC) but retaining the 'Scoot' brand.
 With the change of AOC, the airline's IATA code was changed from TZ to TR, previously used by Tigerair.
 Its head office is at Singapore Changi Airport.
Pan American World Airways, known from its founding until 1950 as Pan American Airways and commonly known as Pan Am, was the principal and largest international air carrier in the United States from 1927 until its collapse on December 4, 1991.
 Founded in 1927 as a scheduled air mail and passenger service operating between Key West, Florida, and Havana, Cuba, the airline became a major company credited with many innovations that shaped the international airline industry, including the widespread use of jet aircraft, jumbo jets, and computerized reservation systems.
 It was also a founding member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA), the global airline industry association.
 Identified by its blue globe logo ("The Blue Meatball"), the use of the word "Clipper" in aircraft names and call signs, and the white pilot uniform caps, the airline was a cultural icon of the 20th century.
 In an era dominated by flag carriers that were wholly or majority government-owned, it was also the unofficial overseas flag carrier of the United States.
 During most of the jet era, Pan Am's flagship terminal was the Worldport located at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City.
