Harry and the Hendersons is an American sitcom based on the film of the same name, produced by Amblin Television for Universal Television.
 The series aired in syndication from January 13, 1991 to June 18, 1993, with 72 half-hour episodes produced.
 The series is about a family who adopts a Bigfoot called Harry.
Rafael Primorac (born May 11, 1954 in Vrgorac, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian film producer, who lives and works in the United States.
 He studied film at the Academy of Dramatic Art, University of Zagreb, Croatia.
 Primorac entered the world of film production in 1975 as a PA in "Cross of Iron", directed by the legendary Sam Peckinpah, starring James Coburn.
 He, later, worked for Jadran Film Studio in Zagreb as a Location Manager, First AD, Production Manager, Line Producer and Head of International Co-productions.
 Primorac moved to Los Angeles in 1986 and worked in production and distribution.
 He produced: "Quicksand" starring Michael Dudikoff, "Ultimate Force" starring Mirko Filipović - Cro Cop, "Giallo" starring Adrien Brody, "Game of Death" starring Wesley Snipes and "Mysteria" starring Billy Zane, Danny Glover and Martin Landau.
"Touch" is an American supernatural thriller television series created by Tim Kring and starring Kiefer Sutherland, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, David Mazouz and Danny Glover.
 A special preview of the pilot was broadcast on Fox on January 25, 2012 before moving to its regular time slot on March 22, 2012.
 Sutherland stars as Martin Bohm, a widower whose son Jake uses numbers to see into the future.
 Clea Hopkins (Mbatha-Raw) is a social worker sent to evaluate Martin and Jake's living situation while Martin receives help from Arthur Teller (Glover), a professor who is also an expert on those with numerical clairvoyance.
Escape from Alcatraz is a 1979 American prison thriller film directed by Don Siegel.
 It is an adaptation of the 1963 non-fiction book of the same name by J. Campbell Bruce and dramatizes the 1962 prisoner escape from the maximum security prison on Alcatraz Island.
 The film stars Clint Eastwood, Jack Thibeau and Fred Ward as prisoners Frank Morris, Clarence Anglin and John Anglin.
 Allen West was played by Larry Hankin; his character's name was changed to Charley Butts.
 Patrick McGoohan portrays the suspicious, vindictive warden and Danny Glover appears in his film debut.
 "Escape from Alcatraz" marks the fifth and final collaboration between Siegel and Eastwood, following "Coogan's Bluff" (1968), "Two Mules for Sister Sara" (1970), "The Beguiled" (1971) and "Dirty Harry" (1971).
Gone Fishin' is a 1997 American comedy film starring Joe Pesci and Danny Glover as two bumbling fishing enthusiasts.
 Nick Brimble, Rosanna Arquette, Lynn Whitfield, and Willie Nelson co-star.
 This film is the only collaboration between Glover and Pesci outside of the "Lethal Weapon series".
Bad Asses (also known as Bad Ass 2: Bad Asses) is a 2014 American action film starring Danny Trejo and Danny Glover, written and directed by Craig Moss.
 The film is a sequel to the 2012 film "Bad Ass", and was released on DVD during spring 2014.
Kevin Peter Hall (May 9, 1955 – April 10, 1991) was an American actor best known for his roles as the title character in the first two films in the "Predator" franchise and the title character of Harry in the film and television series, "Harry and the Hendersons".
 He also appeared in the television series "Misfits of Science" and "227" along with the film, "Without Warning".
Bad Asses on the Bayou (also known as Bad Ass 3) is a 2015 action film starring Danny Trejo and Danny Glover, written and directed by Craig Moss.
 The film is the third part of the "Bad Ass" series.
Angels in the Outfield is a 1994 American family sports fantasy comedy film that is a remake of the 1951 film of the same name.
 The film stars Danny Glover, Tony Danza and Christopher Lloyd (the two latter actors previously worked together on "Taxi"), and features several future stars, including Joseph Gordon-Levitt (in the lead), Adrien Brody, Matthew McConaughey, and Neal McDonough.
 It spawned two direct-to-video sequels, "Angels in the Endzone" and "Angels in the Infield".
 The film was released less than a month before the 1994 MLB Baseball Players Strike, which forced the league to cancel the playoffs and the World Series.
 This film features a fictional playoff race that never would have been played out in real life.
Robert Lee Minor or Bob Lee Minor (born January 1, 1944) is an African-American stunt performer, television and film actor, best known for doubling many celebrities such as: Jim Brown, Fred Williamson, Bernie Mac, Danny Glover, Carl Weathers and John Amos.
 Minor was born in Birmingham, Alabama, and made his first television appearance in 1973 on the television program, "Search", then appeared in tons of shows such as: "Barnaby Jones", "McCloud", "The Six Million Dollar Man", "Eight is Enough", and "Starsky and Hutch" among other popular television programs.
