Lakshmibai, the Rani of Jhansi (   ; 19 November 1828 – 18 June 1858), was the queen of the princely state of Jhansi in North India currently present in Jhansi district in Uttar Pradesh, India.
 She was one of the leading figures of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and became a symbol of resistance to the British Raj for Indian nationalists.
The Bunurong Marine National Park ( ) is a protected marine national park located off the coast of Cape Paterson in the South Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.
 The 2100 ha marine national park is located about 6 km southwest of Inverloch and about 5 km off the coastline.
 The coastal waters protect a range of habitats including intertidal reefs, subtidal rocky reefs, algal gardens and seagrass beds.
 The waters are cool, akin to Victoria’s central and western coasts.
 However, they are relatively protected from south-westerly swells due to the location of far away King Island, Tasmania.
Jhansi was an independent princely state ruled by the Maratha Newalkar dynasty under suzerainty of British India from 1804 till 1853, when the British authorities took over the State under the terms of the Doctrine of Lapse.
 The fortified town of Jhansi served as its capital.
South Button Island National Park is a national park located in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands off the coast of India, the total area of this protected island is about 5 km2 .
 Along with the neighbouring islands of North Button and Middle Button, both also national parks, it forms part of the Rani Jhansi Marine National Park off the coast of South Andaman Island.
The North Zone women's cricket team is a women's first-class cricket team that represents North India in the Inter Zone Women's One Day Competition and Inter Zone Women's Three Day Competition.
 Team also represented North India in the now defunct Rani Jhansi Trophy from 1974 to 1997.
Rani Jhansi Marine National Park is located in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal.
 It was founded in 1996, and covers 256.14 km².
 It commemorates Lakshmibai, the Rani of Jhansi (1828-58).
Middle Button Island National Park is an Indian national park located in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
 The park was created in 1979 and is situated about 200 km northeast of Port Blair, capital of the island group.
 The total area that the national park covers is about 64 km2 .
 Along with the neighbouring islands of North Button and South Button, both also national parks, it forms part of the Rani Jhansi Marine National Park off the coast of South Andaman Island.
Marine National Park in the Gulf of Kutch is situated on the southern shore of the Gulf of Kachchh in the Devbhumi Dwarka District of Gujarat state, India.
 In 1980, an area of 270 km.
 from Okha to Jodiya was declared Marine Sanctuary.
 Later, in 1982, a core area of 110 km was declared Marine National Park under the provisions of the Wildlife (protection) Act, 1972 of India.
 There are 42 islands on the Jamnagar coast in the Marine National Park, most of them surrounded by reefs.
 The best known island is Pirotan.
Malindi Marine National Park is located in the Indian Ocean, off the coast of Kenya.
 It is claimed to be oldest marine park in Africa.
 The park lies at Malindi, about 118 km north of Mombasa and is protected and administered by the Kenya Wildlife Service.
 Along with Watamu Marine National Park, Malindi Marine Park is enclosed by the Malindi Marine National Reserve.
The Jammu & Kashmir National Conference (JKNC) is a state political party in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
 Founded as the "All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference" by Sheikh Abdullah and Chaudhry Ghulam Abbas in 1932 in the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir, the organisation renamed itself to "National Conference" in 1939 in order to represent all the people of the state.
 It supported the accession of the princely state to India in 1947.
 Prior to that, in 1941, a group led by Ghulam Abbas broke off from the National Conference and revived the old Muslim Conference.
 The revived Muslim Conference supported the accession of the princely state to Pakistan and led the movement for Azad Kashmir.
