The International Printing Machinery and Allied Trades Exhibition (IPEX) is the largest printing and graphic arts trade show in the English-speaking world.
 The trade show used to be every four years but changed its cycle in line with Drupa and will now take place every three years.
 IPEX remains an international event, serving both the UK and the international print industry.
CONEXPO-CON/AGG is a trade show for the construction industry that takes place every three years.
 CONEXPO-CON/AGG is a result of the merger of CONEXPO and CON/AGG in 1996.
 It is held at the Las Vegas Convention Center with the next show held March 10-14, 2020.
 The International Exposition for Power Transmission (IFPE) is held in conjunction with Conexpo-Con/Agg.
NAB Show is an annual trade show produced by the National Association of Broadcasters.
 It takes place in April at the Las Vegas Convention Center in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The show's tagline is "Where Content Comes to Life".
The World of Concrete is an annual trade show for the commercial construction industry.
 It is held each year either in the months of January or February for four days in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 This event is a show where products, resources, and information related to concrete construction are shared and displayed.
 More than 1,800 companies and suppliers from all over the world come together in the 900000 sqft Las Vegas Convention Center to show, demonstrate, do business, and answer questions about what they are showing.
AVN Media Network is a publishing, digital media and event management company for the adult entertainment industry.
 AVN Media Network's portfolio of businesses includes several widely recognized adult industry publications, expos, shows, and communities.
 These include gfy.com, an adult webmaster community, AVN magazine, AVN Online, GAYVN and AVN Adult Entertainment Expo.
Señorita México was the name of a national beauty pageant in Mexico, celebrated since 1952.
 After 2005, the pageant changed its name to "Miss Mexico".
 From 1952 to 1994, was the official pageant responsible for sending the country's representatives to the Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss International and other international pageants.
 After the crowning of Lupita Jones, as the country's first Miss Universe, a dispute between Miss Jones and the pageant organizers over overdued prizes, led to a break of the longtime association between the pageant and the broadcast network Televisa.
 When the pageant moved to another network TV Azteca, a competing pageant called "Nuestra Belleza México" was created, later directed by Miss Jones with the sponsorship of the Televisa TV Network.
 in 1994 Señorita México lost the bid to Nuestra Belleza México to be the official pageant for the Miss Universe pageant.
 Later Nuestra Belleza México also obtained the rights of sending Mexico's representatives to Miss World and Miss International.
 However, the "Miss Mexico" pageant still sends representatives to other international pageants.
 The trade name Señorita Mexico was trademarked in the United States, by Venezuelan Entrepreneur Adan S. Perez CEO of The Miss Mexico Organization with headquarters in Las Vegas Nevada who produces The Señorita Mexico U.S. beauty pageant.
 He developed a franchise system in every state of The Union to bring girls from all over the United States to compete in national beauty event which takes place every year in Las Vegas.
 Adan Perez has been producing the national competition Señorita Mexico U.S in Las Vegas, since the year of 2003.
The 28th AVN Awards ceremony in Las Vegas, presented by "Adult Video News" ("AVN"), honored the best pornographic movies and adult entertainment products of 2010.
 The ceremony was held on January 8, 2011 in the Pearl Concert Theater inside the Palms Casino Resort in Paradise, Nevada.
 During the ceremony, AVN Media Network presented awards in 155 categories of movies or products released between October 1, 2009 and September 30, 2010.
 The ceremony was televised in the United States by Showtime.
 Comedian Lisa Lampanelli hosted the show with co-hosts Tori Black and Riley Steele.
The Photo Marketing Association International (or PMA) International Convention and Trade Show is an annual imaging technology trade show conducted by PMA held in Las Vegas.
 Since 2012, the show has been branded as PMA@CES, reflecting its rescheduling to coincide with International CES, a major annual consumer electronics trade show also held in Las Vegas.
The AVN Adult Entertainment Expo (AEE) is an adult entertainment convention and trade show held each January in Las Vegas, Nevada and is sponsored by "AVN" magazine.
 AEE is the largest pornography industry trade show in the United States.
 The 2007 AVN Expo had over 30,000 attendees, which included 355 exhibiting companies.
The 27th AVN Awards ceremony in Las Vegas, presented by "Adult Video News" ("AVN"), honored the best pornographic movies of 2009.
 The ceremony was held on January 9, 2010 in a new venue, the Pearl Concert Theater inside the Palms Casino Resort in Paradise, Nevada.
 During the ceremony, "AVN" Media Network presented awards in 125 of categories of movies or products released between October 1, 2008 and September 30, 2009.
 The ceremony was televised in the United States by Showtime.
 Comedian Dave Attell hosted the show with co-hosts Kirsten Price and Kayden Kross.
