Tony Reed (born March 30, 1955) was an American college and professional football player.
 A star at Colorado, he played five professional seasons as a running back from 1977-1981.
 When he was in Kansas City he wore number 32.
 Rushing the ball his stats were 2,340 total rushing yards, 8 rushing Touchdowns.
 Receiving Statistics are 1,699 receiving yards and two TDs.
 He played 71 Games.
 Prior to transferring to Colorado, Reed played at Antelope Valley College in Lancaster, California after moving from Japan.
 around the time his father had been stationed in the military.
 His addition to what was, at that time, a small town junior college football team caused a remarkable stir in the support of the program from the community.
The Kiwengwa/Pongwe Forest Reserve is located on the north east coast of Unguja, 20 km from Zanzibar Town.
 The reserve is an important biodiversity spot in the coral rag zone.
 The forest reserve is rich both in faunal and floral species.
 The faunal species reported from the reserve are: Endemic species of red colobus monkey, Aders's duiker, sykes, blue monkeys, sunni antelope and several species of snakes.
 The avifauna species consist of 47 bird species, which includes Fischer's turaco, Zanzibar sombre greenbul, crowned hornbill and white-browed coucal.
 There are 100 plant species which includes many medicinal species.
 There are also coral caves within the reserve where stalactites and stalagmites can be seen.
 There is also a spice plantation near the reserve.
 Coral rag forest, a sensitive ecosystem, is under threat due to timber extraction since the 1970s.
 Conservation measures have been undertaken to preserve the rich biodiversity of the reserve.
Edward M. Barrows (born August 8, 1946, in Detroit, Michigan) is a biologist who earned his BS in Botany and Zoology at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, in 1968, and his PhD in entomology, mentored by Charles Duncan Michener, at the University of Kansas, Lawrence in 1975.
 Further, he is a retired U.S. Army officer.
 He has had a lifetime interest in nature, science, and art.
 He performed research on bee nesting, predation, and reproductive behavior, for example, finding that female "Lasioglossum zephyrum" sweat bees have individual odors perceived by conspecific males.
 This was evidently the first discovery of invertebrate individual odors, as opposed to group or nest odors.
 He later found that males of the "Xylocopa virginica virginica" (large carpenter bee) have highly complex mate searching and mate-acquisition behaviors, perhaps more complicated that any other bee species and many other animal species.
 Students and he studied feeding behavior and recovery from injuries in "Mimus polyglottos" (northern mockingbirds).
 With students and established scientists, he studied or is studying arthropod community structure in a rare, freshwater, tidal, marsh, and associated habitats, evolution of floral display in "Asclepias syriaca" (common milkweed), parasitization and reproductive behavior of chalcidoid wasps, floral associates of rare plants, and other topics.
 His research in scientific communication led to the book "Animal Desk Reference, A Dictionary of Animal Behavior, Ecology, and Evolution" (3rd edition).
 His current research laboratory, the Laboratory of Entomology and Biodiversity, is in the Heyden Observatory of Georgetown University.
Liwonde National Park is a national park in Malawi.
 It is located on the upper Shire River plain, east of the river, 140 km north of Limbe.
 Its southern gate lies about 6 km from the town center of Liwonde, and is accessible by bicycle taxi or walking.
 There are several affordable lodges near this entrance gate, the most famous being Liwonde Safari Camp and Bushmen's Baobab.
 The one main lodge inside the park is Mvuu (which means "hippo" in Chichewa) Camp.
 All lodges provide accommodations and game viewing on walking tours, drives, and boat/canoe trips.
 The park is home to several species of antelope (impala, kudu, waterbuck, etc.), elephants, buffalo, crocodiles, hippopotamus and many other mammals.
 Also there are more than 400 species of bird found in this park.
India boasts a variety of species and organisms.
 Apart from a handful of the major farm animals such as cows, buffaloes, goats, chickens, and camels, India has an amazingly wide spectrum of animals native to the country.
 It is home to Bengal and Indochinese tigers, Indian lions, deer, pythons, wolves, foxes, bears, crocodiles, wild dogs, monkeys, snakes, antelope species, varieties of bison and the Asian elephant.
 The region's rich and diverse wildlife is preserved in 120+ national parks, 18 Bio-reserves and 500+ wildlife sanctuaries across the country.
 India has some of the most biodiverse regions of the world and hosts four of the world’s 35 biodiversity hotspots – or treasure-houses – that is the Western Ghats, the Eastern Himalayas, Indo-Burma and Nicobar islands in Sundaland.
 Since India is home to a number of rare and threatened animal species, wildlife management in the country is essential to preserve these species.
 India is one of the seventeen megadiverse countries.
 According to one study, India along with other 16 mega diverse countries is home to about 60-70% of the world's biodiversity.
 India, lying within the Indomalaya ecozone, is home to about 7.6% of all mammalian, 12.6% of avian (bird), 6.2% of reptilian, and 6.0% of flowering plant species.
Big-game hunting is the hunting of large game, almost always large terrestrial mammals, for meat, other animal by-products (such as horn or bone), trophy or sport.
 The term is historically associated with the hunting of Africa's "Big Five" game (lion, African elephant, Cape buffalo, leopard and rhinoceros), and with tigers and rhinoceroses on the Indian subcontinent.
 Along with the big five animals, many other species are hunted including kudu, antelope, and hartebeest.
 Moose, elk, caribou, bison, mule deer, and white-tailed deer are the largest game hunted in North America, which is where most big-game hunting is conducted today.
Ethiopia has a large variety of indigenous plant and animal species.
 In some areas, the mountains are covered with shrubs such as pyracantha, jasmine, poinsettia, and a varied assortment of evergreens.
 Caraway, carcade, cardamom, chat, coriander, incense, myrrh, and red pepper are common.
 The lakes in the Great Rift Valley region abound with numerous species of birds, and wild animals are found in every region.
 Among the latter are the Sudan cheetah, Ethiopian lion, civet, serval, African bush elephant, bushpig, gazelle, antelope, ibex, kudu, dik-dik, oribi, reedbuck, Somali wild ass, Grévy's zebra, hyena, baboon, and numerous species of monkey.
 As of 2002, there were at least 277 species of mammals, 262 species of birds, and over 6,600 species of plants throughout the country.
Nyala is an OpenType TrueType flavour font based on Sylfaen and designed to support the Latin alphabet and the Ge'ez script used in Ethiopic languages.
 It was created by John Hudson and Geraldine Wade and is part of the Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, and Windows 7.
 The font was named for the mountain nyala, a species of great African antelope native to the highlands of Ethiopia.
Setaria is a genus of parasitic roundworms that infect domesticated mammals such as pigs, camels, cattle and horses.
 Some species also infect wild mammals such as deer and antelope.
 The genus consists of about 43 species.
 Members of the genus are uniquely parasites in the abdominal cavity of the body.
 They are mostly large-sized roundworms, possessing an elaborate head (cephalic) region that is characterised by spines, presence of four lips, and well-guarded mouth.
 Little is known about their pathogenic effects, but some are known to affect nervous system and eye.
 The larval infective forms are transmitted from one animal to another by the bite of mosquitoes and flies.
 In addition "Setaria marshalli" can be transmitted from the womb to new-born calf.
Hartbeespoort, informally also known as "Harties", is a small resort town in the North West Province of South Africa, situated on slopes of the Magaliesberg mountain and the banks of the Hartbeespoort Dam.
 The name of the town means "gateway of the hartbees" (a species of antelope) in Afrikaans.
 It was previously known as Schoemansville, named after General Hendrik Schoeman, a Boer General in the Anglo-Boer War, who owned the farm that the Hartbeespoort Dam was built on.
