Shining Through is a 1992 World War II era film starring Melanie Griffiths and Michael Douglas.
Old Yeller is a 1956 children's novel written by Fred Gipson and illustrated by Carl Burger.
 It was nominated for the Newberry Medal.
 The title is taken from the name of the yellow dog who is the center of the book's story.
 In 1957 Walt Disney released a film adaptation starring Tommy Kirk, Fess Parker, Dorothy McGuire, Kevin Corcoran, Jeff York, and Beverly Washburn.
Phantom of the Opera is a 1943 musical horror film directed by Arthur Lubin and produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.
 The film stars Nelson Eddy, Susanna Foster, and Claude Rains, and was filmed in Technicolor.
 The original music score was composed by Edward Ward.
 The film is loosely based on the novel "The Phantom of the Opera" by Gaston Leroux and its 1925 film adaptation starring Lon Chaney.
Working Girl is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from April to July 1990.
 Loosely based on the 1988 film of the same name starring Melanie Griffith, the series stars Sandra Bullock as Tess McGill (Melanie Griffith's character in the film), in a role that was initially meant for Nancy McKeon.
Erik (also known as The Phantom of the Opera, commonly referred to as The Phantom) is the title character from Gaston Leroux's novel "Le Fantôme de l'Opéra" (1910), best known to English speakers as "The Phantom of the Opera".
 He is also the protagonist and antagonist of many film adaptations of the novel, including the 1925 film adaptation starring Lon Chaney, the 1943 remake starring Claude Rains and Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical.
Rose-Marie is a 1928 American drama film directed by Lucien Hubbard.
 It was the first of three Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer adaptations of the 1924 operetta Broadway musical "Rose-Marie".
 The best-known film adaptation starring Nelson Eddy and Jeanette MacDonald was released in 1936; another film was released in 1954.
 All three versions are set in the Canadian wilderness.
 Portions of Rudolf Friml and Herbert Stothart's original score for the Broadway musical are utilized in the 1936 and 1954 films, but not for the silent version.
 This version was filmed on location at Yosemite National Park.
Paper Street Soap Co. is a fictional company created by Tyler Durden in the book "Fight Club" by author Chuck Palahniuk and popularized by its film adaptation starring Brad Pitt and Edward Norton.
Love, Lies and Seeta is a 2012 Indian-American independent romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by Chandra Pemmaraju.
 Starring Melanie Kannokada, Arjun Gupta, Lavrenti Lopes, Michael Derek, it is built around three distinctly different guys all of whom pine for the same beautiful girl.
 The movie premiered at the India International Film Festival (IIFF) of Tampa Bay in Florida and went on to play in various international film festivals before having a limited theatrical release in India on May 18, 2012 by Cinemax.
 The film marks Melanie Kannokada's debut as lead in a feature film.
"Love means never having to say you're sorry" is a catchphrase based on a line from the Erich Segal novel "Love Story" and was popularized by its 1970 film adaptation starring Ali MacGraw and Ryan O'Neal.
 The line is spoken twice in the film: once in the middle of the film, by Jennifer Cavalleri (MacGraw's character), when Oliver Barrett (O'Neal) apologizes to her for his anger; and as the last line of the film, by Oliver, when his father says "I'm sorry" after learning of Jennifer's death.
 In the script the line is phrased slightly differently: "Love means not ever having to say you're sorry."
Melanie is a feminine given name derived from the Greek μελανία (melania), "blackness" and that from μέλας (melas), meaning "dark".
 Borne in its Latin form by two saints: Melania the Elder and her granddaughter Melania the Younger, the name was introduced to England by the Normans in its French form "Melanie".
 However the name only became common in English usage in the 1930s due to the popularity of Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel "Gone with the Wind" and its 1939 film adaptation, as one of the novel's main characters was named Melanie Hamilton.
 The name's popularity increased until the 1970s since remaining constant.
 Melanie was the 80th most popular name for girls born in the United States in 2007 and, as Mélanie, it was the 86th most popular name for girls born in France in 2004.
