Grey Gull Records was a record company and label founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1919.
 The company was started by Theodore Lyman Shaw, a member of a wealthy and prominent family from Wellesley, Massachusetts whose ancestors included Civil War hero Robert Gould Shaw.
One Gallant Rush: Robert Gould Shaw and His Brave Black Regiment (1965) is a novel by Peter Burchard, based on letters written by Robert Gould Shaw, white colonel of the first black regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War, the 54th Massachusetts Regiment.
 They were the first of what became the United States Colored Troops, whose fighting was integral to the Union's victory.
 Nearly 200,000 African Americans fought in the war.
Glory is a 1989 American war film directed by Edward Zwick starring Matthew Broderick, Denzel Washington, Cary Elwes and Morgan Freeman.
 The screenplay was written by Kevin Jarre, based on the personal letters of Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, the 1965 novel "One Gallant Rush" by Peter Burchard (reissued in 1990 after the movie), and "Lay This Laurel" (1973), Lincoln Kirstein's compilation of photos of the monument to the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry on Boston Common.
Robert Gould Shaw III (18 Aug 1898 — 10 July 1970) was an American-born English socialite.
 He was the only son of Viscountess Nancy Witcher Langhorne and her first husband landowner/socialite Robert Gould Shaw II, who was a son of investor Quincy Adams Shaw and first cousin of Civil War Union casualty Colonel Robert Gould Shaw.
Shaw is a small neighborhood located in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C. Named after Shaw Junior High School, a junior high school located at Seventh and Rhode Island Avenue NW, the Shaw neighborhood has been home to the largest urban population of African-Americans in Washington, D.C. since the 1920s.
 Shaw Junior High School was named after Colonel Robert Gould Shaw of the 54th Massachusetts Infantry during the U.S. Civil War.
 Shaw, centered around U Street NW, has been the hub for African-American social, cultural, and economic progress in the nation's capital, seeing on its own streets, Martin Luther King, Jr., Malcolm X, and many riots, marches, and protests that fought to achieve racial equality in Shaw and the entirety of America.
The Memorial to Robert Gould Shaw and the Massachusetts Fifty-Fourth Regiment is a bronze relief sculpture by Augustus Saint-Gaudens at 24 Beacon Street, Boston (at the edge of the Boston Common), depicting Col. Shaw and the 54th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, marching down Beacon Street on May 28, 1863.
Augustus Saint-Gaudens ( ; March 1, 1848 – August 3, 1907) was an American sculptor of the Beaux-Arts generation who most embodied the ideals of the "American Renaissance".
 Raised in New York City, he traveled to Europe for further training and artistic study, and then returned to New York, where he achieved major critical success for his monuments commemorating heroes of the American Civil War, many of which still stand.
 In addition to his works such as the Robert Gould Shaw Memorial on Boston Common, and the outstanding grand equestrian monuments to Civil War Generals, John A. Logan in Chicago's Grant Park, and "William Tecumseh Sherman", at the corner of New York's Central Park, Saint-Gaudens also created such [Classical] works such as the "Diana".
 He also employed his skills in numismatics.
 Most notably, he designed the $20 "double eagle" gold piece (1905–1907) for the US Mint, considered one of the most beautiful American coins ever issued as well as the $10 "Indian Head" gold eagle, both of which were minted from 1907 until 1933.
 In his later years he founded the "Cornish Colony", an artistic colony that included notable painters, sculptors, writers, and architects.
 His brother Louis Saint-Gaudens with whom he occasionally collaborated, was also a well-known sculptor.
The 54th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that saw extensive service in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 The unit was the first African-American regiment organized in the northern states during the Civil War.
 Authorized by the Emancipation Proclamation, the regiment consisted of African-American enlisted men commanded by white officers.
Edward "Ned" Needles Hallowell (November 3, 1836–July 26, 1871) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War, commanding the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry following the death of Colonel Robert Gould Shaw at the Second Battle of Fort Wagner in 1863.
Robert Gould Shaw (October 10, 1837 – July 18, 1863) was an American soldier in the Union Army during the U.S. Civil War.
 Born into a prominent abolitionist family, he accepted command of the first all-black regiment (54th Massachusetts) in the Northeast and encouraged the men to refuse their pay until it was equal to the white troops’ wage.
 At the Second Battle of Fort Wagner, a beachhead near Charleston, South Carolina, Shaw was killed while leading his men to the parapet of the enemy fort.
 Although they were overwhelmed and driven back, Shaw’s leadership passed into legend with a unit that inspired tens of thousands more African-Americans to enlist for the Union and contribute to its ultimate victory.
 Shaw's story is dramatized in the 1989 film "Glory", starring Matthew Broderick.
