The town hall of Winchester, New Hampshire, is located on Main Street, just south of the junction of New Hampshire Route 10 and New Hampshire Route 119 in the center of the town.
 Built of brick in 1911-12 to a design by S. Winthrop St. Clair, it is the only Gothic Revival town hall in Cheshire County.
 It was built because the previous town meeting house (a combination town hall and church at the site of the Winchester Memorial Church) was destroyed by fire.
 The church was also designed by St. Clair, a Boston-based architect who hailed from Winchester.
New Hampshire Route 78 (abbreviated NH 78) is a 3.456 mi secondary state highway in Cheshire County in the southern part of the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
 A northward extension of Massachusetts Route 78, NH 78 runs entirely within the town of Winchester from the state border to downtown, where it ends at New Hampshire Route 10 and New Hampshire Route 119.
New York State Route 124 (NY 124) is a 4.96 mi long north–south state highway in the northern part of Westchester County, New York, in the United States.
 NY 124 begins at NY 137 in the hamlet of Pound Ridge (in the town of the same name).
 It heads north and crosses into the town of Lewisboro, ending west of the hamlet of South Salem at NY 35.
 Just before the junction with NY 35, NY 124 splits into a west leg and an east leg, with both legs ending at NY 35.
 Both legs are signed as NY 124 but the main line officially runs on the west leg.
 The east leg is internally designated as NY 983D, an unsigned reference route.
 Both legs are approximately 0.35 mi in length.
New Hampshire Route 124 (abbreviated NH 124) is a 28.083 mi east–west highway in southern New Hampshire, United States.
 It runs from Marlborough to the Massachusetts border.
The Jaffrey Center Historic District encompasses the traditional civic heart of the small town of Jaffrey, New Hampshire.
 The district lies to the west of the Jaffrey's main business district, extending along Main Street (New Hampshire Route 124) from Harkness Road to the Jaffrey Common, and along Thorndike Pond Road northward from Main Street.
 The district retains the feel of an 18th-19th century rural village, and includes elements dating to shortly after the town's incorporation in 1773.
 The old burying ground was established in 1774, and the old meeting house (now a cultural center) was raised in 1775.
 The district includes 19th century school houses, and houses that were built in the 18th and 19th centuries, in predominantly Georgian, Federal, and Greek Revival styles.
 One of the town's early industries is also represented, in the remnants of a tannery established c. 1810 at the east end of the district.
Route 124 is a state highway in the northern part of New Jersey in the United States that is 14.74 mi long.
 It is the eastern section of what used to be Route 24 before that road was realigned to its current freeway alignment.
 The western end is at an intersection with U.S. Route 202 (US 202) and County Route 510 (CR 510) in Morristown, Morris County; the eastern end continues as CR 603 on Springfield Avenue at the border between Maplewood and Irvington in Essex County.
 The route runs through suburban areas of Morris County, passing through Madison and Chatham.
 It interchanges with Route 24 on the border of Millburn, Essex County and Summit, Union County and serves as a frontage road for that route.
 Upon splitting from Route 24, Route 124 continues east through Springfield Township, Union Township, and Maplewood to its eastern terminus.
Dublin Pond or Dublin Lake is a 236 acre water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire, United States, in the town of Dublin.
 The pond lies at an elevation of 451 m above sea level, near the height of land between the Connecticut River/Long Island Sound watershed to the west and the Merrimack River/Gulf of Maine watershed to the east.
 Water from Dublin Pond flows west through a series of lakes into Minnewawa Brook, a tributary of the Ashuelot River, which flows to the Connecticut River at Hinsdale, New Hampshire.
 New Hampshire Route 101, a two-lane highway, runs along the northern shore of the lake, and the town center of Dublin is less than one mile to the east.
New Hampshire Route 32 (NH 32) is a state highway in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
 The highway runs 14.139 mi from the Massachusetts state line in Richmond, where the highway continues as Massachusetts Route 32, north to NH 12 in Keene.
 NH 32 connects the southern Cheshire County towns of Richmond and Swanzey with Keene and Athol, Massachusetts.
West Chesterfield is an unincorporated community in the town of Chesterfield in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.
 It is located north of New Hampshire Route 9 in a valley leading to the Connecticut River.
 Via Route 9, Brattleboro, Vermont, is 3 mi to the west, and Keene, New Hampshire, is 14 mi to the east.
The East Jaffrey Historic District is a historic district running roughly along NH Route 124 (Main Street) through Jaffrey, New Hampshire.
 It encompasses what is now the economic and civic heart of the town, centered on the Jaffrey Mills and the crossing of the Contoocook River by Route 124.
 It extends as far west as St. Patrick's Church beyond Charlonne Street and as far east as the US Post Office building at Route 124 and Ellison Street.
 To the north it extends along Peterborough Street (United States Route 202) to Christian Court, and to the south it extends along River Street (also US 202) and School Street to their junction.
 The district includes early 19th-century residential structures, as well as industrial buildings and housing associated with the Jaffrey Mills which arose in the mid-19th century.
 The area was known as "East Jaffrey" prior to its rise in economic ascendancy over what is now Jaffrey Center, the center of Jaffrey when it was chartered in 1773.
