Configural frequency analysis (CFA) is a method of exploratory data analysis, introduced by Gustav A. Lienert in 1969.
 The goal of a configural frequency analysis is to detect patterns in the data that occur significantly more (such patterns are called "Types") or significantly less often (such patterns are called "Antitypes") than expected by chance.
 Thus, the idea of a CFA is to provide by the identified types and antitypes some insight into the structure of the data.
 Types are interpreted as concepts which are constituted by a pattern of variable values.
 Antitypes are interpreted as patterns of variable values that do in general not occur together.
There are many relationships among the uniform polyhedra.
 The Wythoff construction is able to construct almost all of the uniform polyhedra from the Schwarz triangles.
 The numbers that can be used for the sides of a non-dihedral Schwarz triangle that does not necessarily lead to only degenerate uniform polyhedra are 2, 3, 3/2, 4, 4/3, 5, 5/2, 5/3, and 5/4 (but numbers with numerator 4 and those with numerator 5 may not occur together).
 (4/2 can also be used, but only leads to degenerate uniform polyhedra as 4 and 2 have a common factor.)
 There are 44 such Schwarz triangles (5 with tetrahedral symmetry, 7 with octahedral symmetry and 32 with icosahedral symmetry), which, together with the infinite family of dihedral Schwarz triangles, can form almost all of the non-degenerate uniform polyhedra.
 Many degenerate uniform polyhedra, with completely coincident vertices, edges, or faces, may also be generated by the Wythoff construction, and those that arise from Schwarz triangles not using 4/2 are also given in the tables below along with their non-degenerate counterparts.
Displacement activities occur when an animal experiences high motivation for two or more conflicting behaviours: the resulting displacement activity is usually unrelated to the competing motivations.
 Birds, for example, may peck at grass when uncertain whether to attack or flee from an opponent; similarly, a human may scratch his or her head when they do not know which of two options to choose.
 Displacement activities may also occur when animals are prevented from performing a single behaviour for which they are highly motivated.
 Displacement activities often involve actions which bring comfort to the animal such as scratching, preening, drinking or feeding.
The JAK Members Bank, or JAK Medlemsbank, is a cooperative, member-owned financial institution based in Skövde, Sweden, and based on a concept that arose in Denmark in 1931.
 "JAK" is an acronym for "Jord Arbete Kapital" in Swedish or "Land Labour Capital", the factors of production in classical economics.
 A membership of approximately 39,000 (as of December 2015) dictates the Bank's policies and direction.
 The Board of Directors is elected annually by members, who are each allowed only one share in the bank.
 JAK Members Bank does not offer any interest on saved money.
 All of the bank's activities occur outside of the capital market as its loans are financed solely by member savings.
 Administrative and developmental costs are paid for by membership and loans.
Urban agriculture, urban farming, or urban gardening is the practice of cultivating, processing, and distributing food in or around a village, town, or city.
 Urban agriculture can also involve animal husbandry, aquaculture, agroforestry, urban beekeeping, and horticulture.
 These activities occur in peri-urban areas as well, and peri-urban agriculture may have different characteristics.
Obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) is a mental disorder where people feel the need to check things repeatedly, perform certain routines repeatedly (called "rituals"), or have certain thoughts repeatedly.
 People are unable to control either the thoughts or the activities for more than a short period of time.
 Common activities include hand washing, counting of things, and checking to see if a door is locked.
 Some may have difficulty throwing things out.
 These activities occur to such a degree that the person's daily life is negatively affected.
 Often they take up more than an hour a day.
 Most adults realize that the behaviors do not make sense.
 The condition is associated with tics, anxiety disorder, and an increased risk of suicide.
A race engineer is a motorsport team member whose role is to communicate with the data analyst as well as the mechanics to determine the changes to be made to the vehicle.
 Off the race track, the race engineer analyzes historical data to determine the initial set up for the next race event.
 The race engineer function includes hands-on management of the vehicle mechanics, organizing testing schedule, as well as studying the regulations.
 The race engineer seeks to make all these activities occur as seamlessly as possible for their driver.
Context-sensitive solutions (CSS) is a theoretical and practical approach to transportation decision-making and design that takes into consideration the communities and lands through which streets, roads, and highways pass ("the context").
 The term is closely related to but distinguishable from context-sensitive design in that it asserts that all decisions in transportation planning, project development, operations, and maintenance should be responsive to the context in which these activities occur, not simply the design process.
 CSS seeks to balance the need to move vehicles efficiently and safely with other desirable outcomes, including historic preservation, environmental sustainability, and the creation of vital public spaces.
 In transit projects, CSS generally refers to context sensitive planning, design, and development around transit stations, also known as transit-oriented development (TOD).
Currituck Sound is a protected inlet of the Atlantic Ocean, located in northeastern part of North Carolina and extreme southeastern Virginia.
 Thirty miles N-S and 3–8 miles wide, this shallow, island-filled sound is separated from the ocean by the Currituck Banks Peninsula (formerly Bodie Island), part of the Outer Banks.
 On the NE, it extends to Back Bay in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
 A fork on the northwest leads to the Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal, which is a part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway that connects the sound to Hampton Roads and the Chesapeake Bay.
 Although several inlets connected it directly to the Atlantic at one time or another, they have all since closed and there is now no direct access to the Ocean from the Sound.
 This has caused the salinity levels to be significantly lower than they had been historically.
 Currently, the only access to the Ocean is through the Albemarle Sound, which joins the Currituck to the South.
 Currituck County's Mackay Island and Currituck National Wildlife Refuge as well as Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge and False Cape State Park in Virginia Beach border the sound and are winter habitats on the Atlantic Flyway.
 Many watersports activities occur in the sound, including parasailing, sea kayaking, and jet skiing.
 An area of barrier beaches, it is also noted for its duck and goose hunting.
Bond triangles or van Arkel–Ketelaar triangles (named after Anton Eduard van Arkel and J. A. A. Ketelaar) are triangles used to show different compounds in varying degrees of ionic, metallic and covalent bonding.
 The bond triangle shows that ionic, metallic and covalent bonds are not just particular bonds of a specific type.
 Rather, bond types are interconnected and different compounds have varying degrees of different bonding character (for example, covalent bonds with significant ionic character are called polar covalent bonds).
