Josè Ezequiel D'Angelo (born April 5, 1989 in Quilmes (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Bolívar of the Primera División in Bolivia.
Hernán Ezequiel Lopes (born March 28, 1991 in Lomas de Zamora (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Deportes Iquique of the Primera División de Chile.
Ezequiel Echeverría (born March 12, 1985 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Naval of the Primera División B in Chile.
Ezequiel Viñao (born 1960 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine-American composer.
 He emigrated to the United States in 1980 and studied at the Juilliard School.
 His compositions include "La Noche de las Noches" (1989) for string quartet and electronics, which won First Prize at UNESCO's Latin-American Rostrum of Composers in 1993; six "Études" (1993) for piano solo, which were awarded a Kennedy Center Friedheim Award in 1995; a second string quartet "The Loss and the Silence" (2004), commissioned by the Juilliard String Quartet; "The Wanderer" (2005) for a cappella voices, commissioned by Chanticleer and Chicago a cappella, and "Sirocco Dust" (2009), commissioned by the Library of Congress for the St. Lawrence String Quartet.
 He currently resides in New York City.
Luis (Leopoldo) Franco (November 15, 1898June 1, 1988) was an autodidact, a self-made intellectual, essayist, and poet.
 He was the son of Luis Antonio and Balbina Acosta and lived most of his life in his native province far from the limelights of Buenos Aires and the academic world which he sincerely despised in favor of a bucolic and rural setting of his father's cattle farm in Belén.
 At age seventeen Franco was awarded a literary prize for his "Oda primaveral".
 Franco traveled a considerable distance to receive the award riding on a mule's back from Catamarca Province to Tucuman.
 The attitude raised a few eyebrows in Buenos Aires and a relevant article was publish in the prestigious magazine "Caras y caretas" relating the story of this promising young author.
 The first literary personality to open the doors to Franco was Horacio Quiroga.
 Quiroga would eventually introduced Franco to Leopoldo Lugones who recognized his talent and potential.
 Soon Franco became a recognizable name in the literary world of his time making the acquaintance of Roberto Arlt, Gabriela Mistral and Juana de Ibarbourou amongst others.
 However, Luis Franco found it difficult to coexist with the cultural apparatus and the bourgeois-style of other intellectuals in Buenos Aires, and soon -after completing his High School degree- returned to his hometown of Belén.
 In Belén, Franco resided most of his adult life doing what he loved most: working the land, reading and writing.
 As a result of a personal crisis –coincidental with the military coup of general José Evaristo Uriburu in 1930- Franco dissociates himself from right wing revisionists such as Lugones and begins an audacious journey of introspection in the nature of Argentina’s political past.
 The result is a copious bibliography of essays where the ghost of saints and devils of Argentina’s turbulent 1800’s comes to life in a unique fashion, one that perhaps Franco only shares with Ezequiel Martínez Estrada.
Lucas Ezequiel Fernández (born July 20, 1988 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Independiente Fontana in Argentina.
Joaquín Canaveris (1789–1840s) was an Argentine merchant, official in the Council of the city.
 He served as consignee in The Consulate of Buenos Aires.
 His sons Joaquín and Adolfo Lazaro Canaveri, were members of the National Guard of Infantry, serving in the Guard of Areco and Salto (Buenos Aires Province).
Ezequiel Garré (born November 10, 1981 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine
Gastón Ezequiel Corado (born February 5, 1989 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Unión San Felipe of the Primera División B in Chile.
Bragado is a city in the center-northwest province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, and the head town of Bragado Partido.
 The city is 210 km west-southwest from Buenos Aires City, not far from the Salado River.
 Bragado is served by the Sarmiento Railway with services running from the train station there to Once railway station in Buenos Aires.
