Author Meets the Critics was an American talk show which was broadcast by the National Broadcasting Company, American Broadcasting Company, and the DuMont Television Network.
 The series began as a mid-season replacement on NBC on April 4, 1948, but was transferred to ABC during 1949.
 The show was transferred back to NBC during 1951, and then to DuMont from January 10, 1952, to October 10, 1954.
The Clock is a 30-minute US anthology television series based upon the American Broadcasting Company radio series, which ran from 1946-48.
 The half-hour series mostly consisted of original dramas concerning murder, mayhem or insanity.
 Series narrator Larry Semon was the only regular; each week a new set of guest stars were featured.
 The title of the series was derived from a clock which was a major plot element in each story.
 The show's musical theme was "The Sands of Time".
 Ninety-one episodes aired on the American Broadcasting Company from 1949 to 1952.
On the Air is an American television sitcom created by Mark Frost and David Lynch.
 It was broadcast from June 20 to July 4, 1992 on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC).
 The series follows the staff of a fictional 1950s television network, Zoblotnick Broadcasting Company (ZBC), as they produce a live variety program called "The Lester Guy Show"—often with disastrous results.
 "On the Air" was produced by Lynch/Frost Productions and followed Lynch and Frost's previous series, "Twin Peaks".
 In the United States only three of the seven filmed episodes were aired, however the first-and-only season was broadcast in its entirety in the United Kingdom and several other European countries.
The Big Bub's Comedy Show is a stand-up comedy show that hosts comedians at Bub's Brewing Co. located at 65 E. 4th St., downtown Winona, MN.
 On July 24, 2010, its first showcase was promoted by comedians Lindsay Hensel and Mark Liedel with performances by John Russell, Bryan Miller, Nate Abshire, and co-promoter Mark Liedel.
 Since that time, it has hosted comedians from across the United States including Shane Mauss, Chad Daniels, Nathan Timmel, Mike Brody, comedian from the TV series Pit Boss Ashley Brooks, Kevin Bozeman, Jon Wilson, Robert Baril, and The Almost Homeless Comedy Tour.
 On October 4, 2014, The Big Bub's Comedy Show hosted comedian Tim Harmston.
Emma Willmann is an American stand-up comedian and actress.
 She made her television debut with The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.
 She is the host of the comedy show, The Check Spot on Sirius XM.
The Big Three television networks are the three major traditional commercial broadcast television networks in the United States: the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), CBS (formerly known as the Columbia Broadcasting System) and the National Broadcasting Company (NBC).
 Beginning in 1948 until the late 1980s, the Big Three networks dominated U.S. television.
 These three channels were also the first three channels on Television in America.
Plymouth Playhouse, aka ABC Album, is a half-hour US television anthology series.
 Fifteen episodes aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) from April 12, 1953 to June 21, 1953.
 Some of the productions were live while others were filmed.
 It was hosted by David Cook.
 ABC, which had a reputation for producing shows that were not as good as their competitors, CBS and the National Broadcasting Company (NBC), used this program featuring top notch casts to audition possible series in the hopes of gaining sponsorship for the 1953 TV season.
Lux Radio Theatre, sometimes spelled Lux Radio Theater, a long-run classic radio anthology series, was broadcast on the NBC Blue Network (1934–35) (owned by the National Broadcasting Company, later predecessor of American Broadcasting Company [ABC] in 1943 /1945); CBS Radio network (Columbia Broadcasting System) (1935-54), and NBC Radio (1954–55).
 Initially, the series adapted Broadway plays during its first two seasons before it began adapting films.
 These hour-long radio programs were performed live before studio audiences.
 The series became the most popular dramatic anthology series on radio, broadcast for more than 20 years and continued on television as the Lux Video Theatre through most of the 1950s.
 The primary sponsor of the show was Unilever through its Lux Soap brand.
Center Stage is an American television anthology series that aired in 1954 on the American Broadcasting Company as a summer replacement for "The Motorola Television Hour".
 It aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) on alternate weeks from June 1, 1954 to September 21, 1954, swapping airings with the "U.S. Steel Hour".
 The series was produced by Herbert Brodkin.
 There were nine episodes, one of which was written by Rod Serling.
 Among its stars were Walter Matthau, Charles Coburn, Lee Marvin, and Vivian Blaine.
Gilliam v. American Broadcasting (2d Cir.
 1976) was a case where the British comedy group Monty Python claimed that the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) had violated their copyright and caused damage to their artistic reputation by broadcasting drastically edited versions of several of their shows.
 An appeals court found in favor of Monty Python, directing a ban of further broadcasts by ABC on the basis of violation of the Lanham Act, which could provide protection in the United States similar to that provided by moral rights in Europe, and gave the opinion that the group's copyright had probably also been infringed.
