The Martin Luther King Jr.
 National Historic Site consists of several buildings including Martin Luther King Jr.'s boyhood home and the original Ebenezer Baptist Church, the church where King was baptized and both his father Martin Luther King Sr. and he were pastors.
 These places, critical to the interpretation of the life of Martin Luther King Jr. and his legacy as a leader of the American Civil Rights Movement, were included in the National Historic Site when it was established on October 10, 1980.
Dexter Scott King (born January 30, 1961) is the second son of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King.
 His siblings are Martin Luther King III, the Reverend Bernice Albertine King, and the late Yolanda Denise King.
Alberta Christine Williams King (September 13, 1904 – June 30, 1974) was Martin Luther King, Jr.'s mother and the wife of Martin Luther King, Sr. She played a significant role in the affairs of the Ebenezer Baptist Church.
 She was shot and killed in the church six years after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.
Realizing the Dream, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 2006 by Martin Luther King III to carry on the legacy of his parents, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Mrs. Coretta Scott King.
 Located in Atlanta, Georgia, the organization carries out initiatives on both the domestic and international level.
 The mission of Realizing the Dream is “To champion freedom, justice, and equality by working to eliminate poverty, build community and foster peace through nonviolence.”
 Two of Realizing the Dream’s main projects are the 50 Communities Network, an effort against American poverty, and the Generation II Global Peace Initiative, a peace-building team composed of sons, daughters and grandchildren of leading 20th century activists.
Clayborne Carson (born June 15, 1944) is an African-American professor of history at Stanford University, and director of the Martin Luther King, Jr., Research and Education Institute.
 Since 1985 he has directed the Martin Luther King Papers Project, a long-term project to edit and publish the papers of Martin Luther King, Jr.
The Martin Luther King Jr.
 Outpatient Center (MLK OC), formerly known as Martin Luther King Jr.
 Multi-Service Ambulatory Care Center (MLK-MACC), Martin Luther King Jr./Drew Medical Center (King/Drew) and later Martin Luther King Jr.–Harbor Hospital (MLK-Harbor or King–Harbor), is a public urgent care center and outpatient clinic in Willowbrook, an unincorporated section of Los Angeles County, California, north of the city of Compton and south of the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles.
 Founded as a major public hospital, it was shut down in August 2007 because of its poor record of patient care.
 The urgent care center and outpatient clinic, however, remain operating on the site.
 There are plans to reopen the facility in 2013 as a smaller hospital under a partnership between Los Angeles County and the University of California as a nonprofit organization governed by a seven-member board of directors.
Martin Luther King III (born October 23, 1957) is an American human rights advocate and community activist.
 He is the oldest son and oldest living child of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King.
In the Hour of Chaos is a 2016 American documentary film directed by Bayer Mack.
 It details the life and various trials of the Reverend Martin Luther King Sr. ("Daddy King"), including his violent, poverty-stricken upbringing in rural Georgia, the assassination of his oldest son (civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.), the drowning of his younger son Alfred Daniel Williams King and the shooting death of his wife, Alberta Williams King.
Martin Luther King Jr.
 Day (officially Birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr.) is an American federal holiday marking the birthday of Martin Luther King Jr. It is observed on the third Monday of January each year, which is around King's birthday, January 15.
 The holiday is similar to holidays set under the Uniform Monday Holiday Act.
King Kennedy is an upcoming drama thriller film set in the 1960s made entirely from archive material.
 The film stars some of the most prominent characters from 1960s America, including US President John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, the civil rights movement leader Martin Luther King, convicted assassins Lee Harvey Oswald and Sirhan Sirhan and the film world's brightest icons of that time Marilyn Monroe and Frank Sinatra.
 The plot line revolves around the concepts of truth and freedom, but pursues further towards deception, intrigue, conspiracy and murder, and features some of the most memorable moments in 1960s America, including Marilyn Monroe's world-famous "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" at Madison Square Garden and Martin Luther King's "I Have A Dream" speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in which he called for racial equality and an end to discrimination.
 The film is designed primarily to remind, focusing on the characters and events that build up to the assassinations of John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King as their apparent determination to shy away from war, discrimination and hatred became ever more publicized.
