Stanley Kubrick directed 13 feature films and three short documentaries over the course of his career, from "Day of the Fight" in 1951 to "Eyes Wide Shut" in 1999.
 Many of Kubrick's films were nominated for Academy Awards or Golden Globes, but his only personal win of an Academy Award was for his work as director of special effects on "".
Forever Blue is the fifth album by American rock and roll musician Chris Isaak, released in 1995.
 The album included three singles: the Grammy-nominated "Somebody's Crying"; "Baby Did a Bad Bad Thing," which was featured in Stanley Kubrick's final film, "Eyes Wide Shut"; and "Graduation Day," featured in the 1996 film "Beautiful Girls".
 In 1996, Forever Blue was also nominated for Best Rock Album.
Garden Party is a 2008 American drama film directed by Jason Freeland, starring Vinessa Shaw, Willa Holland and Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence in her film debut.
 The film was shot in Los Angeles, California and was released on July 11, 2008 in the United States.
Eyes Wide Shut is a 1999 erotic drama film directed, produced, and co-written by Stanley Kubrick.
 Based on Arthur Schnitzler's 1926 novella "Traumnovelle" ("Dream Story"), the story is transferred from early 20th century Vienna to 1990s New York City.
 The film follows the sexually-charged adventures of Dr. Bill Harford, who is shocked when his wife, Alice, reveals that she had contemplated having an affair a year earlier.
 He embarks on a night-long adventure, during which he infiltrates a massive masked orgy of an unnamed secret society.
Stanley Kubrick is regarded by film critics and historians as one of the most influential directors of all time.
 Leading directors, including Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, James Cameron, Woody Allen, Terry Gilliam, the Coen Brothers, Ridley Scott, Paul Thomas Anderson, Christopher Nolan, David Lynch, and George A. Romero, have cited Kubrick as a source of inspiration, and in the case of Spielberg, collaboration.
 In an interview for the "Eyes Wide Shut" DVD release, Steven Spielberg comments that "nobody could shoot a picture better in history", and that Kubrick told stories in a way "antithetical to the way we are accustomed to receiving stories".
 Writing in the introduction to a recent edition of Michel Ciment's "Kubrick", film director Martin Scorsese notes most of Kubrick's films were misunderstood and under-appreciated when first released, only to be considered masterpieces later on.
Vinessa Elizabeth Shaw (born July 19, 1976) is an American film actress and model.
 Shaw has starred in numerous motion pictures since the early 1990s and was a supporting cast member in the Showtime Drama "Ray Donovan".
 Her breakout role was in Disney's 1993 Halloween comedy-fantasy hit film "Hocus Pocus".
 She also was in "Ladybugs" (1992), Stanley Kubrick's "Eyes Wide Shut" (1999), the 2006 remake of Wes Craven's horror picture "The Hills Have Eyes", and "40 Days and 40 Nights", as Josh Hartnett's character's sadistic ex-girlfriend.
 She stars as Dr. Jane Mathis in the 2017 Netflix original "Clinical".
Tom Cruise: Unauthorized is a non-fiction biographical book about Tom Cruise, written by Wensley Clarkson.
 The book was published by Hastings House in 1998.
 The book discusses Tom Cruise's early life, his rise as an actor, involvement with Scientology, and past relationships with Mimi Rogers and Nicole Kidman.
 The book ended during the filming of "Eyes Wide Shut".
Rudolf Sieczyński (1879, Vienna – 1952, Vienna) was an Austrian composer of Polish ancestry.
 His fame today rests almost exclusively on the nostalgic Viennese song "Wien, du Stadt meiner Träume" ("Vienna, City of My Dreams"), whose melody and lyrics he wrote in 1914.
 A well-known recording was made in 1957 by Elisabeth Schwarzkopf with Otto Ackermann conducting the Philharmonia Orchestra.
 The song was featured in the soundtrack of the Stanley Kubrick film "Eyes Wide Shut".
Elizabeth Shaw is the trading name of a Bristol based company that markets chocolate-based confectionery, including the well-known brands Famous Names chocolate liqueurs and Elizabeth Shaw after dinner mints.
 The company has recently extended its range to include Flutes, and a Crisp Collection gift box, featuring products based on its unique honeycomb crisp inclusion.
 It also markets a range of 100g bars, featuring its best loved flavours.
Adam Richardson Bond is a multi-ethnic, British-American actor and stage director.
 He began his career as a teenager as a film extra in Stanley Kubrick's final film, "Eyes Wide Shut".
 He has had minor roles in films such as "Green Zone", "Legally Blonde", "" and "Inkheart".
 His heritage can be traced back to Jewish, Polish, Scottish, French, Irish, and Lakota Sioux ancestry.
 During spring 2016 and 2017, he has portrayed Jesus Christ for the U.S.-based cable news giant CNN's continuing docudrama series "Finding Jesus: Faith, Fact, Forgery", in tandem with the Christian faith's observance of the Passion of Christ and Easter.
