Deadfall is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky, written by Zach Dean and starring Eric Bana, Olivia Wilde, and Charlie Hunnam.
Anatomy 2 (German: "Anatomie 2" ) is a 2003 German thriller film written and directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky.
 It's the sequel to the 2000 film "Anatomy", that starred Franka Potente.
 The story moves to Berlin for this film.
Anatomy (German: "Anatomie" ) is a 2000 German horror film written and directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky that stars Franka Potente.
 A sequel, "Anatomy 2" ("Anatomie 2") was released in 2003.
 The film was a box-office success in Germany, and Columbia Pictures released the film's English-dubbed version in the United States theatrically.
Devid Striesow (born 1 October 1973 in Bergen auf Rügen) is a German actor.
 He starred as "Sturmbannführer Herzog" (Bernhard Krüger) in Stefan Ruzowitzky's 2007 film "The Counterfeiters", which was awarded the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for that year.
Stefan Ruzowitzky (born 25 December 1961) is an Austrian film director and screenwriter.
Patient Zero, previously known as Patient Z, is an upcoming British-American fantasy-horror thriller film directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky and written by Mike Le.
 The film stars Matt Smith, Natalie Dormer, Stanley Tucci, Agyness Deyn and Clive Standen.
 Filming began on March 3, 2015 in London.
 Screen Gems will release the film.
Lilly the Witch – The Dragon and the Magic Book (original title "Hexe Lilli: Der Drache und das magische Buch") is a 2009 German children's film directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky.
 It is a partly animated comic fantasy based on the books by Knister, who co-wrote the screenplay.
The Counterfeiters (German: "Die Fälscher" ) is a 2007 Austrian-German drama film written and directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky.
 It fictionalizes Operation Bernhard, a secret plan by Nazi Germany during World War II to destabilize the United Kingdom by flooding its economy with forged Bank of England pound notes.
 The film centres on a Jewish counterfeiter, Salomon 'Sally' Sorowitsch, who is coerced into assisting the operation at the Sachsenhausen concentration camp.
The Inheritors (original German title "Die Siebtelbauern" – "The Seventh-Part Farmers") is a 1998 Austrian-German film directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky.
 It stars Simon Schwarz and Sophie Rois and has won numerous awards.
 The film was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 71st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Shadows of the Night is a 1928 American drama silent film directed by D. Ross Lederman and written by Robert E. Hopkins and D. Ross Lederman.
 The film stars Flash the Dog, Lawrence Gray, Louise Lorraine, Warner Richmond and Tom Dugan.
 It was released on October 26, 1928, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
