Finger Eleven is a Canadian rock band from Burlington, Ontario, formed in 1990.
 They have released seven total studio albums (six as Finger Eleven and one as Rainbow Butt Monkeys), with their album "The Greyest of Blue Skies" bringing them into the mainstream.
 The 2003 self-titled album achieved Gold status in the United States and Platinum in Canada, largely from the success of the single "One Thing", which marked the band's first placing on the US Hot 100 Chart at number 16.
 Their 2007 album, "Them vs. You vs. Me", launched the single "Paralyzer", which went on to top numerous charts including the Canadian Hot 100 and both US rock charts, as well as reaching No. 6 on the US Hot 100 and No. 12 on the Australian Singles Chart.
 They won the Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year in 2008.
 It was later certified gold status in the US and multi platinum in Canada.
 They released their sixth studio album, "Life Turns Electric", on October 5, 2010; it was nominated for a Juno Award for Best Rock Album of the Year.
 They released their first single, "Living in a Dream", adding a little bit of more of funk rock and dance rock, just like their hit song "Paralyzer". "
Five Crooked Lines", their 7th studio album, was released July 31, 2015, with "Wolves and Doors" as the lead single.
"Wobble" is the second single of rapper V.I.C. from his debut album "Beast".
 The single was produced by Mr. Collipark.
 Before recording this song, he made a track called "Wobble (Skit)" to introduce the song "Wobble".
 Both tracks are in the album.
 Atlanta's V-103 former radio personality Frank Ski is featured on the song on the intro and bridge, but isn't credited as a featured artist.
 On December 23, 2008, the news drew a critical revision to the song, expunging the inappropriate words that appeared in it as its popularity increased, presumably after debates from offended listeners who took the song as support for pornography and blasphemy.
 The song finally made its debut on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number 89 on June 2, 2011, almost three years after its release, and has since peaked at number 77.
 It went on to debut at number 94 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 on January 7, 2012.
"Gone till November" is the third single released from Wyclef Jean's debut solo album, "The Carnival".
 It peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart, its highest chart position.
 In the US, where it peaked at number seven on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 It also peaked at number two on the Hot Rap Songs chart and number nine in the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
Light Poles and Pine Trees is the third album from the southern hip hop duo Field Mob, and their first, and only, under the Disturbing tha Peace imprint.
 It was released in stores on June 20, 2006.
 Originally, the premiere single from the album was to be the track "Friday Night" but did not make the final album cut, although it was still released in early 2006 as a radio promo and appeared on international editions as an extra bonus track.
 Instead the first official single from the album was the Jazze Pha produced song "So What" featuring R&B singer Ciara.
 This has become the duo's most successful hit to date, climbing to #10 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and #3 and #4 on the US Hot Rap Tracks and US Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs charts, respectively.
American rapper Birdman has released five studio albums (four as a solo artist, and one collaboration album with rapper Lil Wayne), two mixtapes, twenty-three music videos, forty-eight singles, including twenty-three as a featured artist, and seven promotional singles.
 In 2002, Birdman released his debut studio album "Birdman" (also known under the title "Baby aka the #1 Stunna") under the recording name "Baby".
 It peaked at number 24 on the US "Billboard" 200, spending 23 weeks on the chart.
 Three singles were released from the album; the first, "Do That...", reached number 33 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and the second, "What Happened to That Boy", reached number 45 on the same chart.
 The third single, "Baby You Can Do It", only charted on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales chart.
 In 2003, Birdman collaborated with singer Ginuwine on the single "Hell Yeah" and rapper Bow Wow on the single "Let's Get Down", which reached numbers 17 and 14 respectively on the Hot 100.
"Finally" is a 1991 song by American musician CeCe Peniston from her debut album, "Finally".
 A dance mix of this song was made, and this remixed version was used in many dance music compilations.
 "Finally" became Peniston's first (and biggest) hit song, peaking at number five on the US Hot 100 in January 1992 and becoming her only US top-ten hit to date.
 Prior to that, it was also successful on the US Dance chart, where it spent two weeks at number one in late 1991.
 In addition, the song peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart in a remixed version.
Y.R.N. (Young Rich Niggas) is a mixtape by American hip hop group Migos.
 It was released on June 13, 2013.
 The album features notable guest appearances from rappers Gucci Mane, Trinidad James, Riff Raff and Soulja Boy.
 This mixtape is notable for the single "Versace", the single reached number 99 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, number 31 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, number 23 on the US Hot Rap Songs chart and number 11 on the US Top Heatseekers chart.
 "Versace" was placed in multiple year-end lists of 2013.
 Diplo included it in his 2013 round-up set on BBC Radio 1. "
XXL" named it one of the top five hip hop songs of 2013.
 The official music video, directed by Gabriel Hart, was released on September 30, 2013.
 It shows Migos and Zaytoven at a luxurious mansion, wearing Versace clothes and accessories.
 The video also features a snippet of Migos second single off the mixtape "Hannah Montana".
 As of November 2014, it has gained over nine million views on YouTube.
 "Y.R.N." later reached number 74 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, their first mixtape to do so on the "Billboard" charts.
 The mixtape has accumulated over 500,000 downloads from mixtape websites like DatPiff.com, MixtapeMonkey.com, and HotNewHipHop.com.
"Nu Nu" was the second single for Chicago house music artist Lidell Townsell from his 1992 Mercury/PolyGram Records album release, "Harmony".
 The song, which featured duo M.T.F., reached #1 on the US Hot Dance Music/Maxi Singles chart and #2 on the US Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart.
 It was #26 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #44 on the US Hot Hip-Hop & R&B Singles.
The discography of Tyga, an American rapper, consists of four studio albums, two compilation albums, fourteen mixtapes, eight singles (including four as a featured artist) and forty-eight music videos.
 In 2008, Tyga released his first studio album, "No Introduction", on the record label Decaydance Records.
 The album featured the single "Coconut Juice", which features singer Travie McCoy; the song peaked at number 94 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Tyga's first song to appear on the chart.
 In 2010, Tyga and American singer Chris Brown released the collaborative mixtape "Fan of a Fan", which included the single "Deuces": the song peaked at number 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became Tyga's first song to chart on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, peaking at number thirty.
 Tyga also appeared on the song "Loyalty", a single by fellow rapper Birdman, and collaborated with rapper Lil Wayne on the non-album single "I'm on It", both of which failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
American singer and songwriter Sam Hunt has released one studio album, one mixtape, one extended play, seven singles and seven music videos. Hunt signed a record deal with MCA Nashville and launched his musical career with the release of the single "Raised on It" in 2013; it received moderate chart success, only peaking at number 49 on the US Hot Country Songs chart.
 It was succeeded with the launch of his debut studio album "Montevallo" in October 2014.
 The album topped the US Top Country Albums chart and peaked at number three on the US "Billboard" 200.
 It was certified 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and reach over a million in sales in the country by February 2016.
 The album also peaked at number two on the Canadian Albums Chart and received a Gold certification from Music Canada.
 "Montevallo" spawned five singles, including the international hit "Take Your Time" which peaked at number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the Hot Country Songs chart; it was later certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA.
