Stacey Hollywood is an American transgender woman, actor, model, and well-known LGBT nightclub personality.
 In West Hollywood during the 1990s she became a prominent club promoter, hosting full-to-capacity nights at Club Arena, one of the largest nightclubs in Los Angeles.
 She was featured on a popular 1998 house music club dance track with Club Arena's resident DJ Irene that was originally released on vinyl and later on a CD compilation.
Gregg Sulkin ( ; born 29 May 1992) is an English actor.
 At age ten he made his film debut in the 2002 "Doctor Zhivago" mini-series.
 He later landed the starring role in the 2006 British release "Sixty Six", and subsequently became known for appearing in the Disney Channel comedy series "As the Bell Rings" and "Wizards of Waverly Place".
 In 2010, he starred in the Disney Channel television movie "Avalon High".
 He also appeared in the television special "".
 He starred on MTV's show "Faking It" as Liam Booker from 2014 until its cancellation in 2016.
 He also appeared on "Pretty Little Liars" as Ezra's younger brother, Wesley "Wes" Fitzgerald.
 In 2016, he starred in the role of Sam Fuller in the horror-thriller film, "Don't Hang Up".
Kitana Kiki Rodriguez is an American transgender actress.
 She is best known for her role as Sin-Dee Rella in Sean Baker's 2015 film "Tangerine".
 The first Academy Award campaigns for openly transgender actresses supported by a film producer were launched for Rodriguez and Mya Taylor for "Tangerine".
Creature is a 1999 documentary film that was directed by Parris Patton.
 The film was released on June 3, 1999 and follows the life of American transgender actor, model, and club personality Stacey "Hollywood" Dean.
Elliot Fletcher (born June 30, 1996) is an American transgender actor known for his work on the MTV comedy series "Faking It" and Freeform's "The Fosters".
Raffi Freedman-Gurspan (born May 3, 1987 in Intibucá, Honduras) is an American transgender rights activist and the first openly transgender person to work as a White House staffer.
 She was also the first openly transgender legislative staffer to work in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 She currently serves as director of external relations at the National Center for Transgender Equality, based in Washington, DC.
 She is a longtime advocate and public policy specialist on matters concerning human rights, gender, and LGBT people.
Rajindra Narinesingh (born April 7, 1967), known professionally as Rajee Narinesingh, is an American transgender actress, activist, author, singer, and reality television personality, most known for her appearances on the E! Entertainment docu-series, "Botched", which documented her struggles to remove cement from her face, breasts, hips, and buttocks after previous mismanaged fillers by a fake doctor.
 Most of the concrete-like substance was removed from her face after her second appearance on the show.
Amanda Lepore (born November 21, 1967) is an American transgender model, celebutante, singer, and performance artist.
 The former Club Kid has appeared in advertising for numerous companies.
 Lepore is also noted as a regular subject in photographer David LaChapelle's work, serving as his muse, as well as many other photographers, such as Terry Richardson and .
 She participated in LaChapelle's "Artists and Prostitutes 1985–2005" exhibit in New York City, where she "lived" in a voyeuristic life-sized set.
 Lepore has also released several singles, many written by and/or recorded with Cazwell.
 In 2011, she released her debut studio album, "I..
.
Amanda Lepore", on Peace Bisquit.
Ho Ho Ho, also known as VH-1 Presents RuPaul: Ho Ho Ho, is a 1997 Christmas album and third overall by American singer and drag queen RuPaul.
 It was released on October 28, 1997 by Rhino; it is RuPaul’s first album featuring Christmas music and serves as a follow-up to "Foxy Lady" (1996).
 RuPaul co-produced the album with American music producers Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato, who both work for the production company World of Wonder.
 "Ho Ho Ho" consists of ten tracks, including eleven covers of Christmas standards and carols, and three original songs written by Joe Carrano and the singer.
 The album was frequently referenced as an example of camp though RuPaul did specify that he recorded several more serious covers, specifically "All Alone on Christmas" and "Hard Candy Christmas".
Faking It is an American single-camera romantic comedy series that premiered on MTV on April 22, 2014, starring Rita Volk, Katie Stevens, Gregg Sulkin, Michael Willett and Bailey De Young.
 The series was created by Dana Min Goodman and Julia Wolov.
 Carter Covington developed the series and serves as the executive producer.
 An eight-episode first season was ordered by MTV in October 2013.
 MTV announced a ten episode second season set to premiere on September 23, 2014.
 In August 2014, the show won a Teen Choice Award for "Choice TV Breakout Show".
 In October 2014, MTV ordered 10 more episodes, meaning season 2 would have a total of 20 episodes.
 The series features the first intersex main character on a television show, and included television's first transgender character played by a transgender actor.
