Marinelli Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park, Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego.
 The glacier spills out from the backbone of the Cordillera Darwin and calves into Ainsworth Bay, an embayment of the Almirantazgo Fjord.
 The Marinelli Glacier is in a state of retreat, beginning at least as early as 1960 and continuing to the present time.
The Sherburne Ranger Station in Glacier National Park is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style.
 Located in the Swiftcurrent portion of the park, it was built in 1926.
 It is part of a small historic district that includes a mess hall and subsidiary structures, formerly known as the Sherburne Road Camp, established in 1931.
 The ranger station closely resembles the ranger stations at Belly River and Lake McDonald.
 A checking station at the road remains substantially intact.
Lian Island () is the largest island in Lianyungang, Jiangsu, China.
 The island is located inside Haizhou Bay in the Yellow Sea.
 It is 9 km long from east to west across the island and it has an area of 7.57 km2 .
 80% of the island is covered with forests.
 The longest sea dyke nationally (6.7 km long) connects the island with the east of the city of Lianyungang.
 Lian Island is the only AAAA-class seashore tourist attraction in Jiangsu.
 The island was formerly known as Yingyou hill.
Vatnajökull (] ), also known as the Water Glacier in English, is the largest and most voluminous ice cap in Iceland, and one of the largest in area in Europe.
 It is the second largest glacier in area after Austfonna on Svalbard in Norway but, nevertheless, larger by volume.
 It is located in the south-east of the island, covering more than 8 percent of the country.
The Douglas River, formerly known as the Twain, is a river of the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island.
 Its source is high in the Southern Alps, five kilometres south of Mount Sefton, and its upper reaches are fed by water from the Douglas Glacier.
 It flows west for 18 kilometres, joined by runoff from the Horace Walker Glacier, before joining the waters of the Karangarua River.
 The Douglas River's entire course is within Westland Tai Poutini National Park.
 The river and glacier are named after Charles Edward Douglas, a 19th-century explorer and mountaineer.
The Wanshan Archipelago Campaign (万山群岛战役) was a campaign fought between the communist and the nationalist forces during the Chinese Civil War for the control of Wanshan Archipelago ("Wanshan Qundao", 万山群岛), and resulted in communist victory.
 The archipelago consists of 48 islands strategically located at the mouth of the Pearl River, a chokepoint on the communication lines to Hong Kong and Macau.
 The largest island is the Laurel Mountain (Guishan, 桂山) Island, which was formerly known as Trash Tail (Lajiwei, 垃圾尾) Island.
 Other major islands include Outer Linding (Wailinding, 外伶仃) Island, Dong'ao (东澳) Island, Tri-gate (Sanmen, 三门) Island, Greater Ten-thousand Mountain (Da Wanshan, 大万山) Island, Lesser Ten-thousand Mountain (Xiao Wanshan, 小万山) Island, Burden Pole (Dangan, 担杆) Islands, and Jianpeng (佳蓬) Islands.
The Rising Sun Auto Camp, also known as the Roes Creek Auto Camp, East Glacier Auto Camp or simply Rising Sun preserves a portion of the built-up area of Glacier National Park that documents the second phase of tourist development in the park.
 Rising Sun is located along the Going-to-the-Sun Road, approximately 7 mi from the east entrance to Glacier National Park, Montana, United States.
 Rising Sun is a wayside area that has a National Park Service campground, a camp store and gift shop, picnic area, restaurant, as well as a motel and guest cabins which are managed by the park's concessionaire, Xanterra Parks & Resorts.
 In the immediate area, there is also a boat dock as well as sightseeing boats which allow visitors to tour Saint Mary Lake, the second largest lake in the park.
 "The most popular spot for [Glacier] tourists is Rising Sun, an overlook of Goose Island in St. Mary Lake and one of the most photographed spots in the park."
Birnie Island is a small, uninhabited coral island, 20 hectares in area, part of the Phoenix Island group, that is part of the Republic of Kiribati.
 It is located about 100 km SE of Kanton Island and 90 km WNW of Rawaki Island, formerly known as Phoenix Island.
 It lies at .
 Birnie island measures only 1.2 km long and 0.5 km wide.
 There is no anchorage, but landing can be made on the lee beach.
The Sea Pines Resort or Sea Pines is located in Sea Pines Plantation, a 5,200-acre private residential gated community located on the southern tip of the island which comprises the town of Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.
 Sea Pines is home to four golf courses, including Harbour Town Golf Links, Atlantic Dunes by Davis Love III, (formerly known as the Ocean Course), the Heron Point golf course (formerly known as the Sea Marsh course) and the Sea Pines Country Club Course.
 The RBC Heritage is a PGA Tour event held annually in April at the Harbour Town course.
Boaz Island, formerly known as "Gate's Island" or "Yates Island", is one of the six main islands of Bermuda.
 It is part of a chain of islands in the west of the country that make up Sandys Parish, lying between the larger Ireland Island and Somerset Island, and is connected to both by bridges.
 Its east coast forms part of the edge of the Great Sound.
 Boaz Island was part of the Royal Naval base, which included the HM Dockyard on Ireland Island.
 From 1939, Boaz Island was used as a Royal Naval Air Station.
 Its primary role was the servicing, repair and replacement of spotter floatplanes and flying boats belonging to naval vessels.
 Early in the Second World War, with no other units to fill the role, aeroplanes from Boaz Island were used to maintain anti-submarine air patrols, using whatever aircrew were on hand, including pilots from the Bermuda Flying School on Darrell's Island.
 All that remains of the Fleet Air Arm facility today is a hangar on runway road, and two slips.
