"Big Bill" Lister (January 5, 1923 – December 1, 2009) was an American honky tonk country music singer.
 Born Weldon E. Lister, he was nicknamed "Radio's Tallest Singing Cowboy," standing over 6-foot-7 without his cowboy boots and hat.
Honky Tonk Boots is an album released in 2006 by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw.
 His only release for the Category 5 Records album, it was also his first studio release since 2003's "I Want My Money Back".
 The album's lead-off single, "Tennessee Girl", peaked at number 43 on the "Billboard" country charts in 2006.
 "Honky Tonk Boots" also reunited him with producers Buddy Cannon and Norro Wilson, who co-produced his first four albums.
Songs About Me is the seventh studio album of country music singer Trace Adkins.
 It was released on March 22, 2005 on Capitol Records Nashville.
 His highest-selling album to date, it has been certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA and had sold 1.5 million copies.
 Singles from this album include the title track, Arlington, and Honky Tonk Badonkadonk.
 The title track and "Honky Tonk Badonkadonk" both went to No.2 and Arlington went to No.16 on the U.S. "Billboard"Hot Country Songs charts.
 "Honky Tonk Badonkadonk" was also a Top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and Pop 100 as well.
The Dusty Chaps was a honky tonk country swing band based in Tucson, AZ from the mid-1970s through the early 1980s.
 In 1975 they released their first album Honky Tonk Music on a small Tucson label, Bandoleer Records.
 The band subsequently signed with Capitol Records and rerecorded Honky Tonk Music with an added track in 1977.
 They released another album on Capitol, Domino Joe (1978).
 Band members included Peter Gierlach (vocals, accordion); George Hawke (bass, acoustic guitar, background vocals); Pat McAndrew (electric guitar); Leonardo Lopez (drums, percussion); Steve Solomon (keyboards, saxophone, clarinet, vibraphone); Bill Emrie (violin); Red Davidson (piano, accordion, vibraphone, marimba); and Ted Hockenbury (pedal steel guitar).
 For some time the Chaps were the house band at Tucson's renowned Stumble Inn as well as the Poco Loco.
Honky Tonk Attitude is the third studio album by American country music artist Joe Diffie.
 Released in 1993, it features the singles "Honky Tonk Attitude", "Prop Me Up Beside the Jukebox (If I Die)", "John Deere Green", and "In My Own Backyard", which respectively reached #5, #3, #5, and #19 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 The song "If I Had Any Pride Left at All" was later recorded by John Berry on his 1995 album "Standing on the Edge", from which it was released as a single.
Cactus and a Rose is a 1980 honky tonk/Southern rock album by Country music singer Gary Stewart.
 The singer's seventh studio album, it only reached #49 on "Billboard's" "Country Albums" chart, spawning two low-charting singles: "Cactus and a Rose" (#48) and "Are We Dreamin' the Same Dream" (#66).
 Produced by Chips Moman, it was a departure from his standard honky-tonk fare, as it features Southern rockers Gregg Allman, Dickey Betts, Mike Lawler, Bonnie Bramlett (from Delaney, Bonnie & Friends), and Randy Scruggs.
 According to Allmusic the album proves that "Stewart could have easily fronted the Allman Brothers or Marshall Tucker or, vocally kicked Charlie Daniels' southern rock butt from here to Pascagoula as a great honky tonk singer."
Whitey Morgan and the 78's are an American honky tonk country band, based in Flint, Michigan, United States.
 In 2010, they signed a recording contract with Chicago-based Bloodshot Records.
"Leave Them Boys Alone" is a song recorded by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr. with Waylon Jennings and Ernest Tubb.
 It was released in May 1983 as the second single from Williams' album "Strong Stuff".
 The song reached number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It was written by Williams, Dean Dillon, Gary Stewart and Tanya Tucker.
 The song is notable for its combination of two singers associated with the outlaw movement with a country legend from the honky tonk days and golden age of the Grand Ole Opry.
 Outlaw singers like Williams and Jennings saw themselves as taking country music back to its raw, honky tonk roots, and recording an up tempo song with Tubb (who would never have received radio airplay in the late 1970s and early 80's) and reaching #6 was a slap in the face to the proponents of the country pop sound.
 The lyrics of the song, much like Williams' "Family Tradition" echo the sentiment that the outlaw singers and their current escapades were predated by the hard living honky tonkers of the 1950s such as Hank Williams, Sr. and Ernest Tubb, prior to the music being fairly taken over by the Nashville Sound in the 1960s.
Honky Tonks and Cheap Motels is the first studio album by Whitey Morgan and the 78's.
Peaks, Valleys, Honky Tonks & Alleys is the eighth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey and his first live album.
 The first five tracks were recorded at the legendary Palomino Club in North Hollywood, Los Angeles, an important West Coast country music venue.
 The remaining five tracks are studio recordings.
 The live tracks showcase Murphey's early work with some interesting twists.
 His "Cosmic Cowboy" turns into a breakdown, while "Another Cheap Western" is coupled with The Olympics' 1958 hit, "Western Movies".
 The album produced the singles "Backslider's Wine" and "Chain Gang" that peaked at numbers 92 and 93 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart respectively.
