William H. "Bill" Blizzard (September 19, 1892 – 1958) was a union organizer, a commander of the miners' army during the Battle of Blair Mountain, and president of District 17 of the United Mine Workers.
 Blizzard is most remembered for his role in the Battle of Blair Mountain, leading the miners against the forces of Logan County sheriff Don Chafin.
 For his leadership role in the battle, Blizzard was charged with treason, but was acquitted at his trial on these charges.
 From that time forward, he remained an important leader within the UMW and organized labor.
The Lewinsky scandal was an American political sex scandal that involved 49-year-old President Bill Clinton and 22-year-old White House intern Monica Lewinsky.
 The sexual relationship took place between 1995 and 1996 and came to light in 1998.
 Clinton ended a televised speech with the statement that he did not have sexual relations with Lewinsky.
 Further investigation led to charges of perjury and to the impeachment of President Clinton in 1998 by the U.S. House of Representatives.
 He was subsequently acquitted on all impeachment charges of perjury and obstruction of justice in a 21-day Senate trial.
 Clinton was held in civil contempt of court by Judge Susan Webber Wright for giving misleading testimony in the Paula Jones case regarding Lewinsky and was also fined $90,000 by Wright.
 His license to practice law was suspended in Arkansas for five years; shortly thereafter, he was disbarred from presenting cases in front of the United States Supreme Court.
The 2006 Florida Attorney General election took place on November 7, 2006, to elect the Attorney General of Florida.
 The election was won by Bill McCollum who took office on January 3, 2007.
Josh Penry (born February 1, 1976) is the former minority leader of the Colorado Senate.
 Elected in 2006, Penry was the youngest member of the Colorado state Senate.
 According to "The Denver Post", Penry played a leadership role in opposing regulation for the oil and gas industry and a labor bill.
 Penry has been identified by several newspapers as a "rising star" in Colorado politics.
 Prior to serving in the state Senate, Penry served in the state House of Representatives for one term.
Hiester Clymer (1827 – June 12, 1884) was an American political leader from the state of Pennsylvania.
 Clymer was a member of the Hiester family political dynasty and the Democratic Party.
 He was the nephew of William Muhlenberg Hiester and the cousin of Isaac Ellmaker Hiester.
 Although Clymer was born in Pennsylvania, he was adamantly opposed to Abraham Lincoln's Administration and the Republican party's prosecution of the American Civil War.
 Elected Pennsylvania state senator in 1860, Clymer adamately opposed state legislation that supported the state Republican party's war effort.
 After the American Civil War ended, Clymer unsuccessfully ran for the Pennsylvania Governor's office in 1866 on a white supremacist platform against Union Major-General John W. Geary.
 After his election to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1872 as a Democrat, Clymer would be primarily known for his investigation of Sec.
 William W. Belknap's War Department in 1876.
 Belknap escaped conviction in a Senate trial, since he resigned his cabinet position before being impeached by the House of Representatives.
 Having retired from the House of Representatives in 1881, Clymer served as Vice President of the Union Trust Co. of Philadelphia and president of the Clymer Iron Co until his death in 1884.
Len Fasano (born May 15, 1958) is a Republican member of the Connecticut Senate, representing the 34th District since 2003.
 Senator Fasano was sworn in as Senate Republican President Pro Tempore in January 2017.
 Under the new leadership role Senator Fasano will lead a Republican caucus with considerably more control over the Senate's agenda than in previous years as a result of a power sharing agreement negotiated after Republicans gained three seats in the Connecticut Senate, creating a tie for the first time since 1893.
 Previously, he had served as the Senate Minority Leader since 2015.
Susan Dryden Whitson was press secretary to First Lady Laura Bush, the wife of U.S. President George W. Bush.
 During the attacks of September 11th, she was flying from Washington to Milwaukee with Attorney General John Ashcroft.
 Prior to working at the White House, she was the Deputy Communications Director of the Bush-Cheney '04 campaign and the spokesperson for the President and Mrs. Bush's twin daughters, Barbara and Jenna Bush.
 Susan Whitson also worked for the FBI, the US Department of Justice and for Rep. Bob Riley (R-AL), the former governor of Alabama, and Rep. Bill McCollum (R-FL) on Capitol Hill.
 She was a high school English teacher at Hoover High School in Birmingham, Alabama.
 She attended Auburn University.
'Honourable Dr. Allah Bakhsh Malik (Urdu: ‎ ) is an academic, researcher, development economist, social scientist, management and institutional development specialist.
 He is a member of Pakistan Administrative Service, Central Superior Services of Government of Pakistan, Pakistan.
 He has also led the professional teams in development sector in inter-sectoral, multi-temporal and cross-disciplinary fields.
 Malik was conferred United Nations's UNESCO Confucius Prize for Literacy with the title of The Honourable and a Degree in recognition of leadership role for the promotion of Literacy and Skill Development in the Punjab province on September 8, 2011.
 In 2011 he was decorated with the UNESCO Confucius Award and the title of Honourable Mention for his leadership role in promoting education and skills development for the less-affluent and disenfranchised.
 Dr. Malik has this unique distinction since he is the first Pakistani and Muslim who has been conferred the prestigious Confucius Award by UN-UNESCO.
Henry John Hyde (April 18, 1924 – November 29, 2007), an American politician, was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 2007, representing the 6th District of Illinois, an area of Chicago's northwestern suburbs which included O'Hare International Airport.
 He chaired the Judiciary Committee from 1995 to 2001, and the House International Relations Committee from 2001 to 2007.
 He gained national attention for his leadership role in managing the impeachment trial of President Bill Clinton.
Ira William "Bill" McCollum Jr. (born July 12, 1944) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party.
 He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1981 to 2001, representing Florida's 5th congressional district, which was later redistricted to the 8th congressional district in 1993.
 As a member of the House, McCollum rose to become Vice Chairman of the House Republican Conference, the fifth-highest ranking position in the House Republican leadership.
 He voted to impeach President Bill Clinton and subsequently took a leadership role in managing Clinton's trial in the Senate, which ended in acquittal.
