"That '90s Show" is the eleventh episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 27, 2008.
 Kurt Loder and "Weird Al" Yankovic both guest star as themselves, this being the second time for Yankovic.
 The episode was written by Matt Selman, and directed by Mark Kirkland.
"Behind the Laughter" is the twenty-second and final episode of "The Simpsons"' eleventh season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 21, 2000.
 In the episode, which is a parody of the VH1 series "Behind the Music", the Simpson family are portrayed as actors on a sitcom, and their dramatic inner turmoil and struggles are detailed.
 Told in a narrative format, the episode tells a fictional story of how "The Simpsons" began.
"The Simpsons"' twenty-third season began airing on Fox on September 25, 2011, and ended May 20, 2012.
 The showrunner for the season was Al Jean, with three episodes ran with Matt Selman, one of those he also wrote himself.
 The show's 500th episode, "At Long Last Leave", aired February 19, 2012.
"Future-Drama" is the fifteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> sixteenth season.
 The 350th episode overall, it originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 17, 2005.
 In the episode, Bart and Lisa stumble into Professor Frink's basement, and he gives them a look into their future as teenagers as they get ready for their high school graduation.
 Matt Selman wrote the episode, and Mike B. Anderson served as director.
 Amy Poehler and John DiMaggio guest-starred as the characters of Jenda and Bender respectively.
Stevie Kathleen Ryan (June 2, 1984 – July 1, 2017) was an American YouTuber, actress, and comedian.
 She was known for her YouTube videos and starring in the VH1 series "Stevie TV".
 Ryan was born June 2, 1984 in Riverside, California.
 At the age of two, Ryan and her family relocated to Victorville, where her parents operated a trucking business.
 In 2002, she graduated from Silverado High School.
 At the age of 19, Ryan made the move to Los Angeles to pursue a career in the entertainment industry.
 Throughout 2006 and 2007, Ryan booked various commercial projects while also filming, editing, and acting in videos which she posted online.
 Ryan collaborated with New Wave Entertainment in 2010 on the sketch comedy show "Stevie TV", which parodied famous pop culture personalities and phenomena.
 The show was picked up by VH1.
 "Stevie TV" was cancelled after the second season.
 Ryan was found dead in her home from an apparent suicide by hanging on July 1, 2017, at the age of 33.
"Husbands & Knives" is the seventh episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 18, 2007.
 It features guest appearances from Alan Moore, Art Spiegelman, and Dan Clowes as themselves and Jack Black as Milo.
 It was written by Matt Selman and directed by Nancy Kruse.
 The title is a reference to the Woody Allen film "Husbands and Wives".
"The Haw-Hawed Couple" is the eighth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighteenth season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 10, 2006.
 In the episode, Bart becomes Nelson's new best friend and under Nelson's protection no one dares to mess with Bart.
 It was written by Matt Selman and directed by Chris Clements.
 In its original run, the episode received 8.29 million viewers.
 The episode's title is a pun on "The Odd Couple", emphasizing Nelson's style of laughing.
 A fictional character featured in this episode, Angelica Button, was later used in the season 19 episode, "Smoke on the Daughter".
"Natural Born Kissers" is the twenty-fifth and final episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> ninth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 17, 1998.
 Homer and Marge discover that the fear of getting caught while making love is a turn on and start making love in public places.
 This episode is rated TV-14 in the United States, and was at one point rated M in Australia.
 It was the first episode written by Matt Selman and was the only episode to be directed by Klay Hall.
 Some networks list the episode by the title, "Margie, May I Sleep with Danger?"
.
Matthew "Matt" Selman (born September 9, 1971) is an American writer and producer.
 Selman grew up in Massachusetts, attended the University of Pennsylvania and was editor-in-chief of student magazine "34th Street Magazine".
 After considering a career in journalism, he decided to try to become a television writer.
 After two years of failed spec scripts he was eventually hired to write an episode of "Seinfeld" in 1996.
 Selman then joined the writing staff of "The Simpsons", where he has remained, rising to the position of executive producer.
 He has written numerous episodes of the show, including "Natural Born Kissers", "Behind the Laughter", "Trilogy of Error", "Simpsons Bible Stories" (for which he won an Annie Award), "The Dad Who Knew Too Little" (for which he won a Writers Guild of America Award), and also "The Food Wife".
 He also co-wrote the 2007 film adaptation of the show, as well as the video games "", "The Simpsons Hit and Run" and "The Simpsons Game".
The Simpsons Game is an action platformer video game based on the animated television series "The Simpsons" and loosely on the film, made for the Nintendo DS, Wii, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable.
 The game was developed, published, and distributed by Electronic Arts.
 It was released in North America in October 2007 and worldwide in November 2007.
 It features an original storyline written by "The Simpsons" writers Tim Long, Matt Selman, and Matt Warburton.
 In the self-referential plot, the family discovers that they are forced to participate in another "The Simpsons" video game.
 Similar to the show, the game pokes fun at popular culture, other video games, and Electronic Arts, its publisher.
