Lego Atlantis: The Movie is a computer animated comedy film based on the toy line of the same name.
 It is considered a family film besides the crude humor in the film.
 It premiered on Cartoon Network in the United States on January 15, 2010, and in Europe on January 25, 2010.
 It features the characters from the toy line, apart from Bobby Buoy and Axel Storm.
Star Fairies was a doll toy series of the 1980s made by the Tonka company.
 The dolls had different costumes and personalities.
 Star Fairies was adapted into a televised cartoon movie, made by Hanna-Barbera in 1985.
 Family Home Entertainment released this TV movie on VHS in 1986.
Tony Longo (August 20, 1958 – June 21, 2015) was an American actor who appeared in television series such as "Laverne & Shirley", "Simon & Simon", "Alice", "Perfect Strangers", "High Tide", "Sydney", "Las Vegas", "Six Feet Under" and "Monk".
 His film credits include "Sixteen Candles", "Mulholland Drive", "Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw", "The Last Boy Scout", the 1994 version of "Angels in the Outfield", "Eraser", "Suburban Commando" and "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas".
The Transformers is a half-hour American animated television series which originally aired from September 17, 1984 to November 11, 1987.
 The first of many series in the "Transformers" franchise, it was based upon Hasbro's "Transformers" toy line (itself based upon the "Diaclone" and "Microman" toy lines originally created by Japanese toy manufacturer Takara) and depicts a war among giant robots that can transform into vehicles and other objects.
Pound Puppies was a popular toy line sold by Tonka in the 1980s.
 It later inspired an animated TV special, two animated TV series, and a feature film.
 Shipments of the toys over five years generated sales of $300 million in 35 countries.
The Pound Puppies is an animated television special, produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions, based on the popular toy line from Tonka, which aired in syndication on October 26, 1985, paired with "Star Fairies".
 Characters in the special included the Fonzie-styled leader Cooler (voiced by Dan Gilvezan), the cheerleader Bright Eyes (voiced by Adrienne Alexander), and a dog with a very nasal like New York accent known only as "The Nose" (voiced by Joanne Worley), and the goofy inventor aptly named Howler (voiced by Frank Welker), who can only howl.
Pound Puppies is a 1986 American animated series made by Hanna-Barbera Productions, based on the toy line by Tonka.
 It is the sequel to the 1985 television special.
 The show was broadcast on ABC between September 1986 and December 1987.
 In this series, no mention was made of Violet's whereabouts.
 The show found itself under a lot of competition from competitors, such as Disney's "Fluppy Dogs", which was also adapted into a special, but unlike "Pound Puppies", was not made into a regular series.
 It was the first cartoon adaptation of the property, the second being the 2010 series.
Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw is a 1988 animated adventure film distributed by TriStar Pictures.
 The film is based on the Tonka toy line and Hanna-Barbera television series of the same name.
 It was directed by Pierre DeCelles, and stars the voices of Brennan Howard, B.J. Ward and Tony Longo, this is the only Carolco film completely animated to date.
The "Ben 10" toy line is a toy line produced by Bandai based on the animated series "Ben 10", "", "" and "".
 On the 2016 TV series of the same name, they are produced by Playmates Toys since June 2017.
The Micronauts comic books featuring a group of characters based on the Mego Micronauts toy line.
 The first title was published by Marvel Comics in 1979, with both original characters and characters based on the toys.
 Marvel published two "Micronauts" series, mostly written by Bill Mantlo, until 1986, well after the toy line was cancelled in 1980.
 In the 2000s, Image Comics and Devil's Due Publishing each briefly published their own "Micronauts" series.
 Byron Preiss Visual Publications also published three paperback novels based on the Micronauts.
 In July 2015, IDW Publishing announced that they would publish a new comic book series.
