PSA Flight 1771 was a British Aerospace 146-200A, registration N350PS, on a scheduled flight from Los Angeles, California to San Francisco.
 On December 7, 1987, it crashed in Cayucos, California, as a result of a murder–suicide by one of the passengers.
 All 43 passengers and crew aboard the plane died, five of whom, including the two pilots, were presumably shot dead before the plane crashed.
 The man who caused the crash, David A. Burke, was a disgruntled former employee of USAir, the parent company of PSA.
 A dramatization of the incident was portrayed on the TV documentary series "Mayday".
Didier Masson (23 February 1886 – 2 June 1950) was a pioneering French aviator.
 He was born in Asnières, France.
 He died and was buried in Mérida, Yucatan, Mexico.
 Among his adventures was his life as a pioneering barnstormer, being the second flier in history to bomb a surface warship, as well as combat service in the Lafayette Escadrille with Edwin C. Parsons and Charles Nungesser.
 In one of the more unusual aerial victories of history, Masson shot down an enemy plane after his own plane's motor quit running.
 Later in life, he was a manager for pioneer Pan American World Airways, as well as a French consular officer.
Shannon Rutherford is a fictional character played by Maggie Grace on the ABC drama television series "Lost", which chronicled the lives of the survivors of a plane crash in the South Pacific.
 Shannon was introduced in the pilot episode as the stepsister of fellow crash survivor Boone Carlyle (Ian Somerhalder).
 She was a series regular until her funeral in "What Kate Did".
 For most of her time on the Island, she was unhelpful and spent much of her time sunbathing.
 She formed a relationship with another survivor from the plane crash, Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews).
 Shannon was accidentally shot by Ana Lucia Cortez who mistakes her for an Other.
On 20 April 1978, Soviet air defense shot down Korean Air Lines Flight 902 (KAL 902) near Murmansk, Soviet Union, after the civilian aircraft violated Soviet airspace and failed to respond to Soviet ground control and interceptors.
 Soviet Air Defence Forces initially identified it as part of the US air reconnaissance force, which carried out thousands of flights along Soviet borders annually at the time.
 Captain Alexander Bosov, pilot of the Sukhoi Su-15 that brought down Flight 902, saw Asian logogram characters on the tail of the Korean aircraft, and reported this to the ground control.
 Despite this, Vladimir Tsarkov, commander of the 21st Soviet Air Defence Corps, ordered Bosov to take down the plane, as the plane failed to respond to repeated orders to land, and was approaching the Soviet border with Finland.
 The Su-15 opened fire, forcing the plane to descend, and killing two of the 109 passengers and crew members aboard Flight 902.
 The plane made an emergency landing on the frozen Korpiyarvi lake (not to be confused with the Korpijärvi lake) near the Finnish border.
Through the Viewfinder photography (TtV) is a photographic or videographic technique in which a photograph or video or motion picture film is shot with one camera through the viewfinder of a second camera.
 The viewfinder thus acts as a kind of lens filter.
 The most popular method involves using a digital camera as the image taking camera and an intact twin-lens reflex camera (TLR) or pseudo-TLR as the "viewfinder" camera.
 TLRs typically have square waist-level viewfinders, with the viewfinder plane at 90 degrees to the image plane.
 The image in a TLR viewfinder is laterally reversed, i.e. it is a mirror image.
El Al Flight 253, was a Boeing 707 en route from Tel Aviv, Israel, to New York City, United States when it was attacked by two Palestinian terrorists as it was about to depart from a layover in Athens, Greece on December 26, 1968.
 One passenger, Israeli Leon Shirdan, 50, of Haifa, a marine engineer, was shot dead.
 He was survived by his wife and then 15-year-old daughter.
 Two unidentified women were injured, one by a bullet, the other as she leaped from the jet when the door was opened.
 The two terrorists were 19-year-old Naheb H. Suleiman, born in Tripoli, Libya, of Palestinian parents, and 25-year-old Mahmoud Mohammad Issa Mohammad, born in 1943 in Palestine.
 They were members of the Lebanese-based militant organization Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine The two Arabs dashed out of the transit lounge of Athens Airport just as the Israeli plane, parked 200 yards away, was preparing to take off.
 The plane had flown in earlier from Tel Aviv.
 Mahmoud Mohammed Issa Mohammed fired at the plane for more than a minute with a submachine gun, killing one; while the other threw two hand grenades, creating panic aboard the plane carrying 10 crew members and 41 passengers.
 The two men were taken into custody by Greek authorities.
 Mahmoud Mohammed Issa Mohammad, was sentenced to 17 years and 5 months behind bars.
 He was freed after less than 4 months after another Palestinian terrorist group hijacked a Greek airliner and demanded his release.
 Subsequently he successfully hid his terrorist past and emigrated to Canada.
 Once Canadian authorities learned of his crime, a protracted extradition process culminated in his extradition to Lebanon in 2013.
The 2007 Georgia plane downing incident refers to the possible downing, by Georgia's anti-aircraft system, of a military plane that violated Georgia's air space on August 21, 2007.
 While it is still not confirmed by Georgia whether the plane was downed, Abkhazia's break-away government confirmed that a plane went down, but denies that it was shot down.
A slam dunk, also dunk or dunk shot, is a type of basketball shot that is performed when a player jumps in the air, controls the ball(s) above the horizontal plane of the rim, and scores by putting the ball directly through the basket with one or both hands.
 It is considered a type of field goal; if successful, it is worth two points.
 Such a shot was known as a "dunk shot" until the term "slam dunk" was coined by former Los Angeles Lakers announcer Chick Hearn.
Captain Jameel Sayhood was an Iraqi pilot in the Gulf War who it is claimed managed to attain one of the few aerial victories by the Iraqi Air Force in his MiG-29B, before being shot down by USAF Captain Craig Underhill and Captain Cesar Rodriguez with their F-15Cs mere minutes after his air-air victory.
Willem Frederick August (Gus) Winckel (3 November 1912 – 17 August 2013) was a Dutch military officer and pilot who flew for the Royal Netherlands East Indies Air Force (ML-KNIL) in World War II.
 During the attack on Broome, Western Australia, on 3 March 1942, Winckel managed to land his plane full of refugees safely on the Broome airstrip just before the Japanese attack.
 He then dismounted the plane's machine gun and shot down one of the Japanese fighters, the only Allied "kill" during the attack.
