FC Barcelona Bàsquet (English: FC Barcelona Basketball), also currently known as FC Barcelona Lassa for sponsorship reasons, is a Spanish professional basketball club.
 It is a part of the FC Barcelona multi sports club, and was founded on 24 August 1926, which makes it the oldest club in the Liga ACB.
 The club competes domestically in the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
 It has won seven of the last thirteen ACB championships, and in 2003, completed a Liga ACB (Spanish League), Copa del Rey (Spanish King's Cup) and EuroLeague triple crown.
 FC Barcelona Bàsquet has played in seven EuroLeague Finals, with the last one being their 2010 win.
Emilio Sagi Liñán (born Bolívar, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 15 March 1900; died Barcelona, 25 May 1951), was a former Spanish footballer who played as a left-winger for FC Barcelona, the Catalan XI and Spain during the 1920s and 1930s.
 He was the son of Emilio Sagi Barba, the Catalan baritone singer, and Concepción Liñán Pelegrí, a dancer, and as a result, was widely referred to as Sagibarba (father's surnames together in a single surname).
 During his playing career he played 455 games and scored 134 goals for FC Barcelona and is best remembered for forming a successful partnership with Paulino Alcántara.
 Together with Josep Samitier, Ricardo Zamora, Félix Sesúmaga and, later, Franz Platko they were prominent members of the successful FC Barcelona team coached by Jack Greenwell.
 His younger brother, Luís Sagi Vela, followed in his fathers footsteps and also became a successful baritone singer.
 His son, Victor Sagi, later ran one of the biggest advertising agencies in Spain and in 1978 announced his candidacy for the presidency of FC Barcelona, but withdrew before the election was held.
FC Barcelona Bàsquet B (English: FC Barcelona Basketball B), also currently known as FC Barcelona Lassa B for sponsorship reasons, is the reserve team of FC Barcelona Lassa.
 The team currently plays in the Spanish 2nd-tier level LEB Oro.
Ferenc Plattkó (born Franz Platko Kopiletz in Budapest, Hungary, 2 December 1898, died Santiago, Chile, 2 September 1983), also known as Ferenc Platko or Francisco Platko, was a Hungarian footballer and manager of Austrian origin.
 During the 1910s and 1920s he played as a goalkeeper for Vasas SC, WAC Vienna, KAFK Kula, MTK Hungária FC, FC Barcelona, Recreativo de Huelva.
 He subsequently worked as a coach in Europe and South America, most notably with FC Barcelona, Colo-Colo, River Plate, Boca Juniors and Chile.
 Platko was an early FC Barcelona legend and was a team-mate of Paulino Alcántara, Josep Samitier and Sagibarba.
 His bravery as a goalkeeper was immortalized by Rafael Alberti in the poem "Oda A Platko".
 After retiring as a player he returned to the club as a coach on two occasions (1934–35, 1955–56).
Joaquim Peris de Vargas is a former President of FC Barcelona.
 He was one of the most controversial Presidents in the history of FC Barcelona.
 He began his career as manager in 1910 as he occupied the vice presidency, a position he held with various presidents.
 Taking advantage of Pay Àlvar resignation in September 1914, Vargas Peris assumed leadership of FC Barcelona.
 His spell in charge at the club was marked by constant controversy, because I always wanted to impose his opinion and even got the players rebelling against him.
 Vargas was famous for his quote: "I am Barcelona."
 He left the organization at the request of the general assembly of FC Barcelona and he was forced to resign at the end of the season 1914-15.
The Nou Palau Blaugrana will be a multi-sports indoor arena, located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
 The arena will serve as the home arena for the basketball (FC Barcelona Bàsquet) and handball (FC Barcelona Handbol) sections of the multi-sports club FC Barcelona.
 The Nou Palau Blaugrana will have a capacity of 12,500 spectators.
Josep Maria Fusté Blanch (born 15 April 1941) is a retired Spanish footballer and captain of FC Barcelona during the 1960s and early 1970s.
 In 1964, together with Luis Suárez, Amancio Amaro, José Ángel Iribar and his FC Barcelona team mate, Jesús María Pereda, he also helped Spain win the European Championship.
 He also played for CA Osasuna and Hércules CF.
 After retiring as a player he worked as a public relations executive for "Codorniu", a Catalan sparkling wine company.
 He also served as president of the FC Barcelona veterans association and publicly supported Sixto Cambra, a Catalan nationalist, who stood against Josep Lluís Nuñez in the 1989 FC Barcelona presidential elections.
Ricard Rubio i Vives (born October 21, 1990) is a Spanish professional basketball player for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Rubio became the youngest player ever to play in the Spanish ACB League on October 15, 2005, at age 14.
 He made his EuroLeague debut on October 24, 2006, at age 16, becoming the first player born in the 1990s to play in a EuroLeague game.
 He is the fifth-youngest player to make their debut in the EuroLeague.
 On June 25, 2009, he was drafted with the fifth pick in the first round of the 2009 NBA draft by the Timberwolves, making him the first player born in the 1990s to be drafted by the NBA.
 The Timberwolves had an agreement in principle with his former Spanish team, DKV Joventut, to buy out his contract, but Rubio backed out of the deal.
 On August 31, 2009, Joventut traded the rights to Rubio to FC Barcelona, and Rubio signed a six-year contract with FC Barcelona the following day.
 In 2011, Rubio joined the Minnesota Timberwolves, and spent six seasons in Minnesota before being traded to the Jazz in June 2017.
Enrique Fernández Viola, commonly referred to as Enrique Fernández, (10 June 1912 – 6 October 1985) was a Uruguayan footballer and manager who played for Nacional, Talleres (RE), Independiente, FC Barcelona, Uruguay and the Catalan XI.
 As a manager, he won two Uruguayan championships with Nacional and La Liga titles with both FC Barcelona and Real Madrid.
 Along with Radomir Antic, he is one of only two coaches to have taken charge of both FC Barcelona and Real Madrid and he is the only coach to have won La Liga titles with both.
 He was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Ángel Iturriaga Barco (Logroño, 1974) is a Spanish writer and historian, professor in Universidad Internacional de La Rioja (UNIR).
 He is a doctor in contemporary history with a thesis named "El poder político y social en la historia del FC Barcelona".
 He is the author of several football history books.
 Among them are the "Diccionario de jugadores del FC Barcelona" (2010), the "Diccionario de técnicos y directivos del FC Barcelona" (2011) and the "Diccionario de jugadores de la selección española de fútbol" (2013).
