Chelsea Horror Hotel: A Novel is a 2001 novel by Dee Dee Ramone, a member of the punk band The Ramones.
 It was released 13 months before Dee Dee died due to a heroin overdose.
 The book follows Dee Dee as he dictates daily events at the Hotel Chelsea in New York City with his wife Barbra and dog Banfield.
 Dee Dee is convinced that the room he stays in is the same where his old friend Sid Vicious killed his girlfriend, Nancy Spungen.
 Dee Dee is further visited by other dead punks, including Johnny Thunders and Stiv Bators.
Dee Dee Ramone I.C.L.C. (Inter-Celestial Light Commune) was a solo project by Ramones bassist Dee Dee Ramone.
The Ramainz were a U.S. tribute band to the Ramones.
 Its members included Dee Dee Ramone, Marky Ramone, Dee Dee's wife Barbara Zampini (also known as Barbara Ramone) and C. J. Ramone.
 They were known as The Remains until 1999 but had to change the spelling due to another band already using the name.
 They released one live album entitled "Live in N.Y.C." on 8 October 2002, four months after Dee Dee Ramone's death on 5 June.
Dee Dee Ramone and the Chinese Dragons was a band fronted by former Ramones bassist Dee Dee Ramone.
 It was formed in March 1992, and was the second post-Ramones band for Dee Dee, following Dee Dee Ramone and the Spikey Tops.
 The band was made up of Ramone on guitar and vocals, former Liars, Cheats and Thieves members Richie Screech (aka Richie Karaczynski) and Alan Valentine on guitar and bass respectively, and Scott Goldstein on drums.
 In the band's short time together, they only released one 7" single which featured an original song on the a-side and a cover of the New York Dolls' "Chatterbox" on the b-side.
 Ramone's next project after this was Dee Dee Ramone I.C.L.C.
"Poison Heart" is the 1992 single by the Ramones written by ex-bassist Dee Dee Ramone.
 It has a different pace to normal Ramones works.
 It was given to the band in exchange for bailing Dee Dee out of jail.
 The song was also included in the film "Pet Sematary Two" (1992).
 The song's video was directed by Samuel Bayer.
"Rockaway Beach" is a song by the American punk rock band the Ramones from their 1977 album "Rocket to Russia".
 The song was written by bassist Dee Dee Ramone in the style of the Beach Boys and early surf rock bands.
 The song is about Rockaway Beach, Queens, where Dee Dee liked to spend time.
 Guitarist Johnny Ramone claimed that Dee Dee was "the only real beachgoer" in the group.
 Released in 1977, it was the Ramones' highest-charting single in their career, peaking at number 66 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 In June, 2013, the song was used in a radio ad campaign sponsored by Queens Economic Development Corporation to promote recovery from Hurricane Sandy by drawing New Yorkers back to Rockaway Beach.
Dum Dum Girls are an American rock band, formed in 2008.
 It began as the bedroom recording project of singer and songwriter Dee Dee (née Kristin Gundred).
 She is currently based in New York City.
 The name is a double homage to the Vaselines' album "Dum Dum" and the Iggy Pop song "Dum Dum Boys".
 Critics initially assumed that Dee Dee's stage name was inspired by Dee Dee Ramone, but she stated that this was not true; it was her mother's name, which she took as her middle name after her mother's death.
 The last name "Penny" was erroneously provided by British music magazine "NME".
Animal Boy is the ninth studio album released by the American punk band the Ramones through Sire Records on May 19, 1986.
 Due to conflicts within the group, the album features less of lead singer Joey Ramone, both in performing and writing, and less of lead guitarist Johnny Ramone.
 Bassist Dee Dee Ramone wrote and sang more on this album than previous albums, and Richie Ramone became the first drummer to write songs for the band.
 The album spawned four singles, all of which charted on the UK Singles Chart.
 In addition to singles, the band promoted their album by making a music video which parodied the benefit concerts Live Aid and Hands Across America.
Dee Dee Phelps (born Mary Sperling) is a singer-songwriter and author from Santa Monica, California, best known as half the popular 1960s musical duo Dick and Dee Dee.
 She became a professional writer in 2007, publishing her award-winning memoir "Vinyl Highway".
 In 2008, Dee Dee joined with singer/actor Michael Dunn to revive the Dick and Dee Dee act live.
 More recently, in 2013, Dee Dee is now teamed with Deke Detanna, lead singer of Deke and the Blazers.
 The duo performs all over the country, singing classic Dick and Dee Dee hits.
Youth Gone Mad featuring Dee Dee Ramone is a collaboration studio album by the American punk band the Youth Gone Mad and former Ramones bassist Dee Dee Ramone.
 It was released on December 31, 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 This is known to contain Dee Dee's final studio recordings before his death in June 2002.
 Originally issued as a 12" picture disc LP by tREND iS dEAD!
 records, the vinyl featured paintings by Dee Dee and Youth Gone Mad frontman Paul Kostabi on both sides and the insert.
 The album was remastered and released on compact disc by the same record label in 2003.
 A standard vinyl LP edition with different artwork was released in Germany by Wanker Records, also in 2003.
