Stones River National Battlefield, a 570 acre park along the Stones River in Rutherford County, Tennessee, three miles (5 km) northwest of Murfreesboro and twenty-eight miles southeast of Nashville, memorializes the Battle of Stones River, a key battle of the American Civil War that took place on December 31, 1862 and January 2, 1863, which resulted in a strategic Union victory.
The Grindstone River is a 6.7 mi river of Minnesota, a tributary of the Kettle River.
 Its name is derived either from the Dakota "Iŋswú watpá" (Small Stones River) or from the Ojibwe "Zhiigwanaabikokaa-ziibi" (River abundant with grind stones).
 Sandstone taken from near the river was used to produce sharpening stones.
 In Ojibwe, Hinckley ("Gaa-zhiigwanaabikokaag") is named after this river.
The following Confederate States Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Stones River of the American Civil War.
 The Union order of battle is listed separately.
 Order of battle compiled from the army organization during the campaign, the casualty returns and the reports.
Paysonia stonensis (syn.
 "Lesquerella stonensis") is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family, known by the common name Stones River bladderpod.
 It is endemic to Tennessee in the United States, where it is limited to Rutherford County.
 It grows only in the floodplains of the Stones River, and certain tributaries.
The Battle of Stones River or Second Battle of Murfreesboro, was fought from December 31, 1862, to January 2, 1863, in Middle Tennessee, as the culmination of the Stones River Campaign in the Western Theater of the American Civil War.
 Of the major battles of the Civil War, Stones River had the highest percentage of casualties on both sides.
 Although the battle itself was inconclusive, the Union Army's repulse of two Confederate attacks and the subsequent Confederate withdrawal were a much-needed boost to Union morale after the defeat at the Battle of Fredericksburg, and it dashed Confederate aspirations for control of Middle Tennessee.
The Stones River Greenway Arboretum is an arboretum located along the Stones River Greenway, beside the Stones River, in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.
Frederick Phisterer (October 11, 1836 – July 13, 1909) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War.
 Phisterer received his country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor.
 Phisterer's medal was won for actions at the Battle of Stones River at Murfreesboro, Tennessee, now marked by the Stones River National Battlefield.
 He was honored with the award on December 12, 1894.
The Stones River Campaign of the American Civil War lasted from November 1862 to January 1863.
 The campaign was tactically a draw but was a strategic Union victory due to the Confederate retreat after the Battle of Stones River.
The following Union Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Stones River of the American Civil War.
 The Confederate order of battle is listed separately.
 Order of battle compiled from the army organization during the campaign, the casualty returns and the reports.
Couchville, Tennessee was a community and U.S. Post Office founded on Stones River prior to 1880 in Davidson County, Tennessee.
 Couchville was inundated when J. Percy Priest Lake was formed by impounding Stones River in the mid-1960s.
 The community's identity is preserved in the name of adjacent Couchville Cedar Glade State Natural Area.
