The Book of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by DAW Books in 1973.
 The book was subsequently published in the United Kingdom by Coronet in 1977 under the title "The Turning Wheel and Other Stories".
 The stories had originally appeared in the magazines "Startling Stories", "Science Fiction Stories", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Orbit Science Fiction", "Imaginative Tales" and "Amazing Stories".
The Father-Thing is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Gollancz in 1989 and reprints Volume III of "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick".
 It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume.
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "If", "Science Fiction Adventures", "Science Fiction Stories", "Orbit", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Future", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Satellite", "Science Fiction Quarterly" and "Imaginative Tales".
The Days of Perky Pat is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Gollancz in 1990 and reprints Volume IV of "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick".
 It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume.
 The stories had originally appeared in the magazines "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Science Fiction Stories", "If", "Fantastic Universe", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Fantastic", "Worlds of Tomorrow", "Escapade" and "Amazing Stories".
Nanny is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick, first published in 1955 in" Startling Stories" and later in" The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick".
 It has since been republished several times, including in "Beyond Lies the Wub" in 1988.
Jenny Diski FRSL (née Simmonds; 8 July 1947 – 28 April 2016) was an English writer.
 She had a troubled childhood, but was rescued by the older novelist Doris Lessing; she lived in Lessing's house for four years.
 Diski was educated at University College London, and worked as a teacher during the 1970s and early 1980s.
"The Mold of Yancy" is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick, first published in 1955.
 It is published in volume four of "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick", The Days of Perky Pat.
The Good Terrorist is a 1985 political novel written by the British novelist Doris Lessing.
 It was first published in September that year by Jonathan Cape in the United Kingdom and by Alfred A. Knopf in the United States.
 The book's protagonist is the naïve drifter Alice, who squats with a group of radicals in London and is drawn into their terrorist activities.
"Adjustment Team" is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published in "Orbit Science Fiction" (September–October 1954, No. 4) with illustration by Faragasso.
 It was later reprinted in "The Sands of Mars and Other Stories" (Australian) in 1958, "The Book of Philip K. Dick" in 1973, "The Turning Wheel and Other Stories" (United Kingdom) in 1977, "The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick" in 1987 (Underwood–Miller), 1988 (Gollancz, United Kingdom), 1990 (Citadel Twilight, United States), "Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick" in 2002 and in "The Early Work of Philip K. Dick, Volume One: The Variable Man & Other Stories" in 2009.
The Philip K. Dick Reader is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Philip K. Dick.
 It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1997.
 Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "If", "Science Fiction Adventures", "Science Fiction Stories", "Orbit", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Future", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Beyond Fantasy Fiction", "Satellite", "Imaginative Tales", "Fantastic Universe" and "Space Science Fiction".
 It is identical in content and order to the edition of volume 3 of the Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick produced by the same publisher apart from the substitution of three stories in positions 21-23 of 24 and the omission of the end notes in the Collected Stories edition.
 At press time, stories 21 and 24 had already been made into successful movie adaptations and stories 22 and 23 had been optioned.
The Philip K. Dick Award is a science fiction award given annually at Norwescon sponsored by the Philadelphia Science Fiction Society and (since 2005) supported by the Philip K. Dick Trust, and named after science fiction and fantasy writer Philip K. Dick.
 It has been awarded since 1983, the year after Dick's death.
 Works that have received the award are identified on their covers as "Best Original SF Paperback".
 They are awarded to the best original paperback published each year in the US.
