"Don't Let the Music Die" is a pop ballad by the Bay City Rollers from their 1977 album "It's a Game".
 The tune, written by Eric Faulkner and Stuart Wood, and featuring a lead vocal by Les McKeown, is a slow, dramatic ballad with a heavily-orchestrated arrangement and melancholy feel.
 It was released as a 7" double A-side vinyl single (with "The Way I Feel Tonight") in Japan, but failed to make the charts.
"Where Will I Be Now" is a pop single by the Bay City Rollers from their 1978 album "Strangers in the Wind".
 The tune, written by British songwriter Chris East and featuring a lead vocal by Les McKeown, is an uptempo song with a heavily-orchestrated disco-style arrangement.
 It was released as a 7" vinyl single in Japan, Germany, and the United States.
Jason Karaban is an American singer-songwriter and musician living in Los Angeles, California.
 Karaban first began his career fronting the Philadelphia-based indie rock band "Dragstrip Courage" in 1997, and "Grand" in 2000.
 He emerged as a solo artist with the release of "Doomed to Make Choices", in 2006, co-produced with Mike Napolitano (Joseph Arthur, The Twilight Singers).
 Along with vocals, Karaban plays acoustic guitar, 12-string and electric guitar, bass guitar, keyboards, piano and drums.
 Karaban has released four critically acclaimed albums, and has had a number of songs featured in film and television shows Over the course of his career, Karaban has collaborated with many notable musicians including Ani DiFranco, Lucy Schwartz, Sara Watkins and Sean Watkins (Nickel Creek), Garrison Starr, Taylor Momsen, Dave Pirner (Soul Asylum), Glen Phillips (Toad the Wet Sprocket) and Benmont Tench (Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers).
The Bay City Rollers are a Scottish pop band whose popularity was highest in the mid 1970s.
 The "British Hit Singles & Albums" noted they were "tartan teen sensations from Edinburgh", and were "the first of many acts heralded as the 'biggest group since the Beatles' and one of the most screamed-at teeny-bopper acts of the 1970s".
 For a relatively brief, but fervent period (nicknamed "Rollermania"), they were worldwide teen idols.
 The group's line-up had numerous changes over the years, but the classic line-up during its heyday included; guitarists Eric Faulkner and Stuart John Wood, singer Les McKeown, bassist Alan Longmuir, and drummer Derek Longmuir.
The 1994 ceremony was hosted by Will Smith.
 Performers included Bon Jovi, Nate Dogg & Warren G., Toni Braxton and John Mellencamp with Me'Shell NdegeOcello.
 In addition, the supergroup Backbeat featuring Mike Mills of R.E.M., Dave Grohl of Nirvana, Dave Pirner of Soul Asylum, Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth, Don Fleming of Gumball, and Greg Dulli of Afghan Whigs.
"The Way I Feel Tonight" is a pop ballad by the Bay City Rollers from their 1977 album "It's a Game".
 The tune, written by Harvey Shield, and featuring a lead vocal by Les McKeown, is a slow, dramatic ballad with a heavily orchestrated arrangement.
 It was released as a 7" vinyl single in numerous territories, and had a peak position of #24 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 It was the Rollers' final charting US single.
"Whole World Is Watching" is a song by Dutch symphonic metal/rock band Within Temptation from their sixth studio album, "Hydra".
 It was released in Poland as the third single from the album on January 22, 2014 and was scheduled to have its main release on February 21.
 The song features guest vocals from Dave Pirner of Soul Asylum, with Polish rock singer Piotr Rogucki of the band Coma providing vocals on the Polish version of "Hydra".
Elevator is a 1979 rock album by the Bay City Rollers.
 Having replaced longtime lead singer Les McKeown with Duncan Faure, the group shortened their name to simply The Rollers, and pursued a more rocking, power-pop sound than their previous work.
It's A Game is an album by Les McKeown, released in 1989 with four corresponding singles released.
 After the album, Dieter Bohlen released a cover of Blue System's song Nobody Makes Me Crazy (Like You Do) as a single, which did not appear on the album.
Riot On Redchurch Street is an London-based musical drama directed by Trevor Miller and starring Sam Hazeldine, Alysson Paradis, Jesse Birdsall and Les McKeown.
 The soundtrack includes four original songs written by Siobhan Fahey and is scheduled for international release, Summer 2012.
