"My Love" is a song recorded by the American country music band Little Texas.
 It was co-written by the band's keyboardist Brady Seals (who also sang lead vocals on it) and lead guitarist Porter Howell along with Tommy Barnes.
 It was released in January 1994 as the third single from the album, "Big Time".
 The song reached the top of the "Billboard" country singles charts, becoming the band's only Number One country hit.
 The song features lead vocals from Brady Seals, then the band's keyboardist.
The Truth is the debut studio album of American country music singer Brady Seals, and his first solo album after leaving the country band Little Texas.
 It was released on February 25, 1997 on Reprise Records.
 The album includes the singles "Another You, Another Me", "Still Standing Tall", and "Natural Born Lovers".
 Of these, only "Another You, Another Me" reached Top 40 on Hot Country Songs.
 Seals co-wrote all but two of the album's songs, and co-produced the album with Rodney Crowell.
Nick Carter and Red Club (French: "Nick Carter et le trèfle rouge" ) is a 1965 French action film directed by .
 The film features the successful literary character Nick Carter and is based on a novel by Claude Rank.
 The film is a sequel to "Nick Carter va tout casser" (1964).
Nick Carter, Master Detective was a Mutual radio crime drama based on tales of the fictional private detective Nick Carter from Street & Smith's dime novels and pulp magazines.
 Nick Carter first came to radio as The Return of Nick Carter, a reference to the character's pulp origins, but the title was soon changed to Nick Carter, Master Detective.
 A veteran radio dramatist, Ferrin Fraser, wrote many of the scripts.
Brady Seals is the self-titled second album by American country music singer Brady Seals.
 It is his second release independently of the band Little Texas, of which he was a member until 1995.
 The album includes the singlse "I Fell", "Whole Lotta Hurt" and "The Best Is Yet to Come".
 All three singles charted on the "Billboard" country charts, although they all missed Top 40.
Nickolas Gene "Nick" Carter (born January 28, 1980) is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and dancer.
 He is best known as a member of the pop group the Backstreet Boys.
 As of 2015, Carter has released three solo albums, "Now or Never", "I'm Taking Off" and "All American" during breaks between Backstreet Boys schedules, and a collaboration with Jordan Knight titled "Nick & Knight".
 He has made occasional television appearances and starred in his own reality shows, "House of Carters" and "I (Heart) Nick Carter".
 He gained fame in the mid 1990s and early 2000s as a teen idol.
 He is also the older brother of singer Aaron Carter and the late Leslie Carter.
Nick Carter va tout casser is a French action film starring Eddie Constantine as Nick Carter.
 An English version was dubbed by Eddie Constantine dubbing himself.
 Constantine repeated his role in "Nick Carter et le trèfle rouge" (1965).
 The film was titled License to Kill in the USA.
"Another You, Another Me" is a debut solo song recorded by American country music artist Brady Seals.
 It was released in September 1996 as the first single from the album "The Truth".
 The song reached #32 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 The song was written by Seals' uncle, Troy Seals, along with Will Jennings.
Brady Seals (born March 29, 1969) is an American country music artist.
 He is the cousin of Jim Seals (of Seals & Crofts) and Dan Seals and Johnny Duncan, the nephew of Troy Seals, and the husband of former BNA Records recording artist Lisa Stewart.
 Seals made his debut in 1988 as co-lead vocalist and keyboardist in the sextet Little Texas, with whom he recorded until his departure in late 1994.
 Between then and 2002, he recorded as a solo singer, releasing three studio albums and charting in the Top 40 on the country charts with "Another You, Another Me".
 In 2002, Seals formed a quartet called Hot Apple Pie, in which he has recorded one studio album and charted three singles.
 A fourth solo album, "Play Time", was released in 2009 via Star City.
Thompson Street is the third solo album by American country music singer Brady Seals.
 It was released in February 2003 via Image Entertainment.
 No singles were released from it, and after its release, Seals founded the band Hot Apple Pie.
