Dawn Lyn Nervik (born January 11, 1963) is a retired American actress best known for her role as Dodie Douglas during the last three seasons of the long-running family comedy television series "My Three Sons".
 Her brother, Leif Garrett, is also a former actor.
Meredith Lynn MacRae (May 30, 1944 – July 14, 2000) was an American actress and singer known for her roles as Sally Morrison on "My Three Sons" (1963–1965) and as Billie Jo Bradley on "Petticoat Junction" (1966–1970).
Linda Marshall is an American actress.
 She started her television career in the 1963 situation comedy "My Three Sons", and in 1965 appeared in her first movie, "The Girls on the Beach".
Amy Adams is an American actress who made her film debut in the 1999 black comedy "Drop Dead Gorgeous".
 She went on to guest star in a variety of television shows, including "That '70s Show", "Charmed", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", and "The Office", and also appeared in minor film roles.
 In 2002, she had her first major role in Steven Spielberg's biographical crime drama "Catch Me If You Can".
 However, the film did not launch her career as Spielberg had hoped.
 Three years later, she made the breakthrough with the comedy-drama "Junebug" (2005), for which she received her first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination.
 Adams also appeared in the romantic comedy "The Wedding Date" that same year.
 In 2007, she starred in the Disney romantic comedy "Enchanted", for which she won the Saturn Award for Best Actress, and was nominated for her first Golden Globe Award for Best Actress (Comedy or Musical).
Lorraine Pilkington (born 18 April 1974) is an Irish actress from Dublin, who is best known for her role as Katrina Finlay from "Monarch of the Glen".
 Trained at the Gaiety School of Acting, Pilkington began her career at the age of 15 when she appeared in "The Miracle" directed by Neil Jordan.
 She appeared onstage in the plays "The Plough and the Stars" and "The Iceman Cometh".
 At age 18 she moved to London where she was given a part in a Miramax film which eventually fell through.
 After returning to Dublin, Pilkington appeared in various films like "Human Traffic" and "My Kingdom", a retelling of "King Lear".
 In 2000, she was cast as Katrina Finlay, a schoolteacher in a Scottish village in the BBC television series "Monarch of the Glen".
 After leaving the show at the beginning of the third season, she appeared in various other television productions such as "Rough Diamond" and "Outnumbered".
 She married Simon Massey, the director of "Monarch of the Glen", in 2001.
 They have three sons, Milo, Luca and Inigo.
Maurice S. Fox (born New York, October 11, 1924) is an American geneticist and molecular biologist, and professor Emeritus of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where he served as department chair between 1985 and 1989.
 His pioneering investigations of bacterial transformation helped illuminate the mechanisms by which donor DNA enters and is integrated into a host cell.
 His research also contributed to our understanding of mechanisms of DNA mutation, recombination, and mismatch repair more generally.
 Ancillary activities include his critical role in the establishment of the Council for a Livable World.
 He was married to photo researcher Sally Fox for over 50 years, has three sons (Jonathan, Gregory, and Michael).
Ronne Troup (born June 10, 1945 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania) is an American actress and educator best known for her 1970–72 role as "Polly Williams Douglas" on the long-running sitcom "My Three Sons".
Jillian "Jill" Patterson Taylor is a character in the TV sitcom "Home Improvement" played by Patricia Richardson.
 Jill is Tim Taylor's wife.
 Jill helps Tim raise their three sons (Brad, Randy, and Mark).
 Jill Taylor has appeared on critics' lists of "top TV" or "most memorable" moms.
 For this role, Richardson was nominated four times for Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress – Comedy Series and also received two nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy.
Julia Benjamin (born February 21, 1957) is a retired American film and television actress of the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.
 She is best remembered for her character role as Susie Baxter, the daughter of Steve and Barbara Baxter and the first cousin of Harold "Sport" Baxter on the 1960s sitcom "Hazel."
 Benjamin was also well known for her roles in the movies "Mr. and Mrs. Bo Jo Jones" and "The Jordan Chance."
 Benjamin's career began at the age of eight on "Hazel" in 1965.
 "Hazel" was a sitcom that first aired in 1961 on NBC.
 The series centered on the Baxter family.
 The family included husband George Baxter, (Don DeFore), his wife Dorothy Baxter, (Whitney Blake) and their only child, son Harold "Sport" Baxter, (Bobby Buntrock).
 At the end of the 1964-65 television season, NBC canceled the series.
 CBS decided to pick it up for a fifth season.
 CBS cast Ray Fulmer, Lynn Borden, and Benjamin as George Baxter's brother Steve, his wife Barbara and their daughter Susie.
 The premise of the fifth season was that George and Dorothy had to move to the Middle East as part of a job promotion.
 So, Hazel and Harold moved in with Steve, Barbara, and Susie.
 The series was cancelled by CBS airing its last episode on April 11, 1966.
 It was never picked up again.
 After Hazel, Benjamin would only get roles in a limited few number of movies and guest starring roles on television.
 After Hazel went off the air, Benjamin would have only five roles in movies and television.
 Her television credits include three guest starring roles on the television shows "My Three Sons," "The Rockford Files" and "Riptide."
 Her movie credits include two TV movies; "Mr. and Mrs. Bo Jo Jones" (1971), and "The Jordan Chance" (1978).
 "Riptide" was Benjamin's last acting appearance.
 She has not acted in anything since.
Tina Cole (born August 4, 1943) is an American actress and singer.
 She is best known for her role as Katie Miller Douglas on the 1960s sitcom "My Three Sons" (1967–72), but she previously had a recurring role as Sunny Day in the detective series "Hawaiian Eye" (1963).
 She was also a member of the Four King Cousins, a subgroup of the King Family Singers.
 In 1963 she played the minor (uncredited) role of Ruth Stewart in "Palm Springs Weekend", a spring break party film set in Palm Springs, California.
