2001: A Space Odyssey is a 1968 science fiction novel by British writer Arthur C. Clarke.
 It was developed concurrently with Stanley Kubrick's and published after the release of the film.
 Clarke and Kubrick worked on the book together, but eventually only Clarke ended up as the official author.
 The story is based in part on various short stories by Clarke, including The Sentinel (written in 1948 for a BBC competition, but first published in 1951 under the title "Sentinel of Eternity").
 By 1992, the novel had sold three million copies worldwide.
 An elaboration of Clarke and Kubrick's collaborative work on this project was made in "The Lost Worlds of 2001".
Killer's Kiss is a 1955 American crime film noir directed by Stanley Kubrick and written by Kubrick and Howard Sackler.
 It is the second film directed by Kubrick, the first being his 1953 debut feature "Fear and Desire".
 The film stars Jamie Smith, Irene Kane, and Frank Silvera.
Anthony Edward Frewin (born 1947, in Kentish Town, London) is a writer and erstwhile personal assistant to film director Stanley Kubrick (from 1965 to 1968, and from 1979 to 1999).
 Frewin now represents the Stanley Kubrick Estate.
 His novel "London Blues" has been described as "masterful".
Stanley Kubrick's Boxes is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jon Ronson about the film director Stanley Kubrick.
 Ronson's intent was not to create a biography of the filmmaker but rather to understand Kubrick by studying the director's vast personal collection of memorabilia related to his feature films.
 The documentary came about in 1998 when Ronson received a request from Kubrick's estate for a copy of a documentary Ronson made about the Holocaust (Ronson was unaware that it was Kubrick who was asking for the film until months later).
 A year later, as Ronson was making plans to conduct a rare interview with the director, Kubrick suddenly died after completing work on his final film "Eyes Wide Shut".
 To his surprise, Ronson was invited to Kubrick's house by his widow.
 When he arrived, he found that half the house was filled by more than one thousand boxes containing snap shots, newspaper clippings, film out-takes, notes, and fan letters which the director used for research towards each of his films.
Freebie and the Bean is a 1974 American action-comedy film about two off-beat police detectives who wreak havoc in San Francisco attempting to bring down a local organized crime boss.
 The picture, a precursor to the buddy cop film genre popularized a decade later, stars James Caan, Alan Arkin, Loretta Swit and Valerie Harper.
 Harper was nominated for the Golden Globe for New Star of the Year for playing the Hispanic wife of Alan Arkin.
 The film was directed by Richard Rush.
 An article in Rolling Stone magazine alleged that Stanley Kubrick called "Freebie and the Bean" the best film of 1974.
 Arkin and Caan would not appear in another movie together until the 2008 film adaptation of "Get Smart".
Room 237 is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Rodney Ascher about interpretations and perceived meanings of Stanley Kubrick's film "The Shining" (1980) which was adapted from the 1977 novel of the same name by Stephen King.
 The film includes footage from "The Shining" and other Kubrick films, along with discussions by a number of Kubrick enthusiasts.
 The film has nine segments, each segment focusing on different elements within the film which "may reveal hidden clues and hint at a bigger thematic oeuvre."
 The film was produced by Tim Kirk.
 The title refers to a room in the haunted hotel featured in "The Shining", which a character is warned to never enter.
Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest is the third full-length album released by metalcore band Zao on Solid State/Tooth & Nail.
 It was the first album to feature vocalist Dan Weyandt after the departure of Shawn Jonas along with new bassists/guitarists, Russ Cogdell and Brett Detar.
 The album contains a sample from the film "The Shining" at the beginning of "To Think of You", as well as a sample from the horror film "The Prophecy" during the intro to "Ravage Ritual".
S is for Stanley (Italian: "S Is for Stanley - Trent'anni dietro al volante per Stanley Kubrick" ) is a 2016 Italian documentary film co-written and directed by Alex Infascelli.
 It depicts the relationship between celebrated director Stanley Kubrick and his personal chauffeur and assistant, Emilio D'Alessandro.
 It was produced by Kinethica and Lock And Valentine.
 It is based on D'Alessandro's autobiography "Stanley Kubrick and Me".
Colour Me Kubrick: A True...ish Story (released in the US as "Color Me Kubrick") is a Franco-British comedy-drama film directed by Brian W. Cook, released in 2005.
 The film stars John Malkovich as Alan Conway, a man who had been impersonating director Stanley Kubrick since the early 1990s.
 The film follows the exploits of Conway as he goes from person to person, convincing them to give out money, liquor and sexual favours for the promise of a part in "Kubrick's" next film.
 The soundtrack, "Colour Me Kubrick: The Original Soundtrack" featured five songs co-written by Bryan Adams.
2001: A Space Odyssey is a 1968 epic science-fiction film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick.
 The screenplay was written by Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke, partially inspired by Clarke's short story "The Sentinel".
 Clarke concurrently wrote the novel "", published soon after the film was released.
 The film follows a voyage to Jupiter with the sentient computer Hal after the discovery of a mysterious black monolith affecting human evolution.
 It deals with the themes of existentialism, human evolution, technology, artificial intelligence, and extraterrestrial life.
 It is noted for its scientifically accurate depiction of space flight, pioneering special effects, and ambiguous imagery.
 It uses sound and minimal dialogue in place of traditional narrative techniques; the soundtrack consists of classical music such as "Also sprach Zarathustra", "The Blue Danube", and pieces from then-living composers Aram Khachaturian and György Ligeti.
