Youtoo America, formerly known as Youtoo TV, AmericanLife TV Network (ALN), GoodLife TV Network, Nostalgia Good TV, Nostalgia Television, Nostalgia Channel and America One, is an American television network launched on February 1, 1985, as a cable channel.
Josquin Des Pres (Born Josquin Turenne Des Pres) is a 20th-century French born American composer, bassist, author, producer, songwriter and most known for his contributions to music media books for Hal Leonard Corporation and Mel Bay instructional music books.
 Josquin has written a vast library of compositions and music techniques on bass, music studies and various collections which are used by music teachers, private studies and in schools both nationally and internationally as a standard tool in the music industry.
 Des Pres is also a collaborative writer with English lyricist, poet, and singer Bernie Taupin on several compositions.
 Josquin Des Pres also writes musical scores and music trailers for more than 40 major TV networks and television shows including The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Bachelor (U.S. TV series), American Idol, The Tyra Banks Show, George Lopez (TV series), Anderson Cooper, TMZ on TV, Extra (TV program), American Chopper, Pawn Stars, Deadliest Catch, CNN, NBC, HGTV, TBS (U.S. TV channel), Bravo (U.S. TV network), Food Network, Animal Planet, Discovery Channel, History (U.S. TV channel), Travel Channel, CBS Television Stations, Viacom, VH1, ABC, BET, KPBS (TV), TLC (TV network), and The CW Network.
 His works are also known on MTV Networks Television Series Catfish, The Seven, When I Was Seventeen, MTV Cribs, Pimp My Ride, Teen Mom, True Life and 10 on Top.
Tuff TV is an American digital broadcast television network targeted at men owned by the Tuff TV Network, LLC.
 Tuff TV launched on June 30, 2009.
 The network was founded by E. Lamar "Lou" Seals, III, chairman and chief executive officer of Seals Entertainment Company, LLC, parent company of Tuff TV Network.
 The Network Uses 480i.
Schalkse Ruiters, translated as "Roguish Horsemen", was a very successful show aired on the Flemish TV channel Eén.
 The motto of the show is: do not believe what you see on TV.
 During the show, three documentaries are presented.
 The viewers vote whether the documentaries are real or fake.
 Anno 2012 the show still got the Belgian record of most viewers, dating from an episode sent out in 1997.
 The show won almost every Belgian television award.
Time for Terry was an Australian TV series which ran in from 1964-1966.
 It was a variety show that was hosted by English comedian and entertainer as well as jazz musician Terry O'Neill.
 The show was a forerunner to such shows as "The Midday Show" and "Hey Hey It's Saturday", combining variety and music with game show elements.
 The show was so successful for HSV7 that it launched a season of Night-time for Terry in 1966.
 O'Neill had run a similar successful show in England called "The One O'Clock Show".
 Amongst other highlights, the show was responsible for launching the careers of Pat Carroll and Olivia Newton-John, whose farewell to Australian television before leaving for England was broadcast on the show.
 Terry's then wife Peggy Haig (sister of English comic actor Jack Haig) made frequent appearances as did their daughter Coral Kelly - later to become prolific television writer Coral Drouyn.
 Terry was a remarkable talent although today few remember him.
 He was from a long list of stars and entertainers who came to Australia with the Tivoli circuit and stayed.
 O'Neil was a most unlikely host.
 English teeth hardly what you could call handsome but he had a warm style.
 He did the funny walks way before John Cleese.
William Scott Workman (September 16, 1966 - September 29, 2013) was an American stuntman and actor whose career spanned over the course of 20 years.
 Workman's contributed to both film and television, with titles such as "Crank", and "End of Days", a film which would be amongst many films alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 Workman participated in several Marvel Cinematic Universe productions, beginning with "Iron Man 2" and continuing posthumously with "".
 Television credits include "The X-Files", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Sons of Anarchy".
Kal Naga (also credited as Khaled Naga or Khaled Abol Naga) is a multi award-winning actor, film producer and director from Egypt (he directed theatre mostly and short films).
 He is a movie star in the Arab World and the Middle East but also a familiar face internationally specially in European film festivals, where he has been honoured with a diverse range of awards as an actor and producer as well as a jury member in film festivals.
 Since 2016 he focused on English speaking markets ["Tyrant" TV series season 3 (2016), American FX TV Network, "Vikings" season 5 (2017), History Channel and "The Last Post" TV mini series, UK's BBC TV].
 His roles covered a multitude of genres, from musicals ["None but that!"
 (2007)], action ["Agamista"(2007), "Eyes Of A Thief" (2014)], thrillers ["Kashf Hesab" (2007)], art-house ["Heliopolis" (2009), "Villa 69" (2013), "Decor" (2014)] and a slapstick comedy ["Habibi Naeman (Sleeping Habibi)" (2008)].
 He played the lead in many award-winning films that gained him outstanding international critics acclaim as one of the finest actors in the world today out of the Arab region.
 He studied and graduated (with highest honours) as a Tele-communication engineer' from Ain Shams University, studied theatre (as a minor) at the American University in Cairo, and worked on a spacecraft design program (UoSAT-5 ) in the UK.
 He finally confirmed his passion and calling for the arts by the year 2000.
 In a film festival in 2016 celebrating Arabic films submissions to the "Oscars," he was honoured for being the most submitted actor in Arabic films submissions to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film ("The Oscars)".
 He is often tagged in western media as "Egypt's "Brad Pitt" for his many career similarities with the latter, also described as "the next Omar Sharif" specially after his American debut movie "Civic Duty" in 2007.
 He was also described as "Egypt's International treasure" for advocating for freedom and standing up against injustice in his home country Egypt.
 He is one of the most recognisable faces of the 2011 revolution, seizing the anti-regime sentiment in the streets of Cairo and taking part in mass demonstrations that led to the removal of President Mubarak.
 He faced defamation campaigns against him by the state owned and controlled media during Mubarak era before the January 25th 2011 revolution in Egypt, and once again from the 2013 "coup d'etat" General Sisi government in Egypt.
 Nonetheless he continued his regional and international award-winning success, as well as waves of strong support on social media.
 He also had a very celebrated and successful career across the Arab world TV networks as a TV & radio host in prime time shows from 1997 till 2005.
 He is a human and child rights activist and has been Egypt's UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador 2007–2015.
 He has worked across a diverse variety of media, including theatre, radio, television and film in Arabic, English and some French and Italian.
Qurban Ali Mirzaee (also known as Baba Mazari) is an Afghan actor credited with acting in more than 100 Afghan films and 150 TV productions.
Rede Globo (] , "Globe Network"), or simply Globo, is a Brazilian free-to-air television network, launched by media proprietor Roberto Marinho on 26 April 1965.
 It is owned by media conglomerate Grupo Globo, being by far the largest of its holdings.
 Globo is the largest commercial TV network in South America and the second-largest commercial TV network in annual revenue worldwide just behind the American ABC Television Network and the largest producer of telenovelas.
Ben "Son" Johnson, Jr. (June 13, 1918 – April 8, 1996) was an American stuntman, world champion rodeo cowboy, and Academy Award-winning actor.
 The son of a rancher, Johnson arrived in Hollywood to deliver a consignment of horses for a film.
 He did stunt-double work for several years before breaking into acting through the good offices of John Ford.
 Tall and laconic, Johnson brought further authenticity to many roles in Westerns with his extraordinary horsemanship.
 An elegiac portrayal of a former cowboy theatre owner in the 1950s coming-of-age drama, "The Last Picture Show", won Johnson the 1971 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and the BAFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 He operated a horse-breeding farm throughout his career.
 Although he said he had succeeded by sticking to what he knew, shrewd real estate investments made Johnson worth an estimated $100 million by his latter years.
