Moose Hill Farm is a 347 acre open space preserve and historic farm complex located in Sharon, Massachusetts near the 450 ft summit of Moose Hill.
 The property, acquired in 2005 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations, includes farmland, woodlots, 21 farm buildings, hiking trails, stands of mature American Chestnuts, and scenic vistas of the Boston skyline.
 Moose Hill Farm is part of a larger area of protected open space including state land and the Massachusetts Audubon Society's Moose Hill Wildlife Sanctuary.
The Hunt Hill Farm is a historic farm property at Upland and Crossman Roads in New Milford, Connecticut.
 Also known as the Hine–Buckingham Farms, the 137 acre property encompasses two farm properties that remained family-run from the 18th to early 20th centuries.
 The property includes one 18th and several 19th-century farmhouses and other outbuildings.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The farmstead is now home to The Silo at Hunt Hill Farm, an arts and culinary organization, while much of the land is held as conservation land by the town.
Morgan Hill Farm, also known as Morgan's Fresh or Hill Farm, is a historic home located at Lusby, Calvert County, Maryland.
 It is a 1 ⁄ -story gable-roofed frame house of a T-shaped plan, with single exterior chimneys on each of the three exposed ends.
 The original building appears to have been built about 1700, with extensively remodeled in the early 19th century.
 In 1952 a large rear wing was added to the house.
 Outbuildings include a one-story log servants' quarter, a log smokehouse, and a large tobacco barn.
Elm Hill Farm Historic District is a historic district on East Main Street east of the junction with Brookfield Road in Brookfield, Massachusetts.
 The major contributing element to the district is the Elm Hill Farm complex, one of the largest and most significant farms in the town for more than 100 years.
 The complex includes two Federal period residences, two with Queen Anne styling, and four Italianate styled outbuildings.
Bellevue Rural Historic District is a national historic district located near Forest, Bedford County, Virginia.
 It encompasses seven contributing buildings, five contributing sites, and one contributing structure.
 They are associated with the Bellevue School for Boys, Trivium, Brook Hill Farm, and Glenn Mary Farm properties.
 Brook Hill Farm and Bellevue are also listed separately on the National Register of Historic Places.
Cave Hill Farm is a historical farm at 9780 Cave Hill Road in McGaheysville, Virginia.
 The centerpiece of the farm is its main house, a two story brick house with Federal and Greek Revival characteristics.
 The farm is named for a cave that is located on a limestone outcrop on the north side of Cave Hill Road.
 It is the source of a spring on the property, and was historically used for food storage.
 Since 1868 the property has been in the hands of Kisling family descendants, the Hopkins, who operate a bed and breakfast inn.
Green Hill Farm was a 2000 acre horse farm in Burlington Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.
 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Green Hill Farm was established in 1603 via a land grant from King Charles I The land was owned and operated by families out of Burlington and Philadelphia.
 First, Green Hill was owned by Samuel Jennings, the acting Governor of West Jersey.
 Jennings purchased the property in 1681 and gave it the name Green Hill.
 It is possible that he named it after Green Hill near Kenilworth, Evesham in Worcester, England though there is not conclusive proof of this.
 In 1791, John Smith bought 340 acre of the Jennings property.
 The famous brick house located there was built between 1800 and 1803.
 The frame tenant house was the home of various families to work on the farm.
 The 9.5 acres that remain of Green Hill was purchased by Stephen and Helen Matlaga in 1973.
 The Matlagas and their extended family painstakingly restored the main house along with two tenant houses and converted the 1867 barn into a medical office.
 Dr. Stephen Matlaga still owns and operates Green Hill Chiropractic out of this space.
Worth–Jefferis Rural Historic District is a national historic district located in East Bradford Township and West Bradford Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.
 It encompasses 42 contributing buildings and 5 contributing sites in rural Chester County.
 It includes a variety of vernacular stone farmhouses, Pennsylvania bank barns, and farm outbuildings.
 Notable properties include the Georgia Farm (1740), Glen-Worth Farm, Barr Farm, Lucky Hill Farm, Blue Rock Farm, Allerton Farm, Barry Farm, and Sarah Baldwin Farm.
 Located within the district is the separately listed Carter-Worth House and Farm.
The Boardman Hill Solar Farm "BHSF" is a 150 kW AC community solar farm project.
 The Boardman Hill Solar Farm is the first community solar array in Vermont that fulfills the “Vermont Grown, Vermont Green” mission: complete member-ownership, democratic management of ongoing operations, and retirement of the RECs generated by the solar farm.
 It is located on the Boardman Hill Farm in West Rutland, Vermont.
Bennett Hill Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at New Scotland in Albany County, New York.
 The original section of the main house was built in 1821 and is a three-by-two-bay, 2 ⁄ -story dwelling.
 In the 1830s, a large Greek Revival style 2 ⁄ -story, three- by two-bay addition was completed.
 Contributing farm buildings include the main barn (1797), animal barn (c. 1900), wagon shed (c. 1900), fruit barn (c. 1900), smoke house (c. 1810), and tenant house (c. 1890).
