The Ulysses S. Grant Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington, D.C., honoring American Civil War general and 18th United States President Ulysses S. Grant.
 It sits at the base of Capitol Hill (Union Square, the Mall, 1st Street, between Pennsylvania Avenue and Maryland Avenue), below the west front of the United States Capitol.
 Its sculpture of Grant on horseback faces west, overlooking the Capitol Reflecting Pool and facing toward the Lincoln Memorial, which honors Grant's wartime president, Abraham Lincoln.
 Grant's statue rests on a pedestal decorated with bronze reliefs of the infantry; flanking pedestals hold statues of protective lions and bronze representations of the Union cavalry and artillery.
 The Grant and Lincoln memorials define the eastern and western ends, respectively, of the National Mall.
The Green Island is an artificial island in Kuwait, off the coast of Kuwait City's promenade.
 It was opened in 1988 and is a popular tourist attraction and it is the first artificial island in the Persian Gulf region.
Hoffman Island is a small (11 acre; 0.045 km²) artificial island in the Lower New York Bay, off South Beach, Staten Island.
 Another, smaller (4 acre; 0.016 km²) artificial island, Swinburne Island, lies immediately to the south.
 Created in 1873 upon the Orchard Shoals by the addition of landfill, the island is named for former New York City mayor (1866–1868) and New York Governor (1869–1871) John Thompson Hoffman.
The Presidential Memorial Commission of San Francisco (Presidential Memorial Commission for short) was a voter group that sponsored a satirical but real ballot initiative to rename the Oceanside Water Pollution Control Plant, a wastewater treatment plant in San Francisco, California, after United States President George W. Bush.
Harbor Island is an artificial island in the mouth of Seattle, Washington's Duwamish River where it empties into Elliott Bay.
 Built by the Puget Sound Bridge and Dredging Company, Harbor Island was completed in 1909 and was then the largest artificial island in the world, at 350 acres (1.4 km²).
 Since 1912, the island has been used for commercial and industrial activities, including secondary lead smelting, shipbuilding and repair, bulk petroleum storage, metal fabrication, and containerized cargo shipping.
 Warehouses, laboratories, and other buildings are located on the island.
The Jefferson Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington, D.C., dedicated to Thomas Jefferson (1743–1826), one of the most important of the American Founding Fathers as the main drafter and writer of the Declaration of Independence, member of the Continental Congress, governor of the newly independent Commonwealth of Virginia, American minister to King Louis XVI and the Kingdom of France, first U.S. Secretary of State under the first President George Washington, the second Vice President of the United States under second President John Adams, and also the third President (1801–1809), as well as being the founder of the University of Virginia at Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington D.C. dedicated to the memory of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States, and to the era he represents.
 For the memorial's designer, landscape architect Lawrence Halprin, the memorial site represents the capstone of a distinguished career, partly because the landscape architect had fond memories of Roosevelt, and partly because of the sheer difficulty of the task.
The Archipelago of San Bernardo (Spanish: "" ) is a set of nine coastal coral islands and one artificial island (ten in total) belonging to and governed by Colombia, located in the Gulf of Morrosquillo in the Caribbean Sea, with an approximate area of 213 km².
 Administratively, the archipelago belongs to the Bolívar Department, with the exception of Boquerón Island, which belongs to the Sucre Department.
 It consists of Boquerón Island, Cabruna Island, Ceycén Island, Mangle Island, Múcura Island, Palma Island, Panda Island, Santa Cruz del Islote (English: Santa Cruz Islet, an artificial island), Tintipán Island and Maravilla Island.
Funaafou or Funa'afou is an artificial island built on the reef in the Lau Lagoon off the northeast coast of Malaita Island.
 Administratively, it is in the Malaita Province of the Solomon Islands.
 Funa'afou island, which is near the edge of the Makwanu Passage, has about 200 inhabitants.
 It is the first artificial Island built in the Lau lagoon.
 According to history, the people of Baleo tribe are the first descendants of Funafou Islands
Nanhai Pearl Artificial Island () is an artificial island under construction off the coast of Holiday Beach in Haikou Bay, Haikou, Hainan, China.
 The island is owned and being developed by HNA Group.
 As of April 2016, it consists of a roughly circular body of land with a bridge providing access to and from the shore.
 It will ultimately become a visitor attraction with hotels.
 It will eventually take the shape of a yin-yang symbol and be about 266 hectares.
