The Guanche language, also known as Amazigh, is an extinct Berber language that was spoken by the Guanches of the Canary Islands until the 17th century or possibly later.
 It died out after the conquest of the Canary Islands as the Guanche ethnic group was assimilated into the dominant Spanish culture.
 The Guanche language is known today through sentences and individual words that were recorded by early geographers, as well as through several place-names and Guanche words that were retained in the Canary Islanders' Spanish.
Berbers (Berber: "Mazices" / "Imaziɣen" / "Imazighen" singular: ⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖ "Amaziɣ" / "Amazigh") are an ethnolinguistic group indigenous to North Africa.
 They are distributed in an area stretching from the Atlantic Ocean to the Siwa Oasis in Egypt, and from the Mediterranean Sea to the Niger River.
 Historically, they spoke Berber languages, which together form the Berber branch of the Afroasiatic family.
 Since the Muslim conquest of North Africa in the seventh century, a large number of Berbers inhabiting the Maghreb (Tamazgha) have acquired different degrees of knowledge of varieties of the languages of North Africa.
 After the colonization of North Africa by France, "the French government succeeded in integrating the French language in Algeria by making French the official national language and requiring all education to take place in French."
 Foreign languages, mainly French and to some degree Spanish, inherited from former European colonial powers, are used by most educated Berbers in Algeria and Morocco in some formal contexts, such as higher education or business.
Wusu (Sixw) (Uyghur: ۋۇسۇ, Усу; ; also known as Usu; Kazakh: وسۋ, Шихв;Mongolian: ) is a county-level city with more than 100,000 residents in Xinjiang, China.
 It is a part of Tacheng Prefecture of Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture.
 Oil-production is a major part of the economy while the county is an oasis in the Dzungarian Basin.
 Wusu lies between the major cities of Bole and Shihezi in Northern Xinjiang and west of Urumqi and Kuitun, south of Karamay.
Asturian ( ; autonym: "asturianu" ] ,<ref name="bable/asturiano">Art. 1 de la Ley 1/1998, de 23 de marzo, de uso y promoción del bable/asturiano/Law 1/93, of March 23, on the Use and Promotion of the Asturian Language</ref> formerly also known as "bable" ] ) is a West Iberian Romance language spoken in Principality of Asturias, Spain.
 Asturian is part of a wider linguistic group, the Astur-Leonese languages.
 The number of speakers is estimated at 100,000 (native) and 450,000 (second language).
 There are three main variants in the Astur-Leonese language family: Western, Central, and Eastern.
 For historical and demographic reasons, the standard is based on Central Asturian.
 Asturian has a distinct grammar, dictionary, and orthography.
 Regulated by the Academy of the Asturian Language, although it is not an official language of Spain it is protected under the Statute of Autonomy and is an elective language in schools.
Manx (native name "Gaelg" or "Gailck" , pronounced ] or ] ), also known as Manx Gaelic, and also historically spelled Manks, is a Goidelic Celtic language of the Indo-European language family, historically spoken by the Manx people.
 Only a small minority of the Isle of Man's population is fluent in the language, but a larger minority has some knowledge of it and Manx is considered an important part of the island's culture and heritage.
 Although the last surviving native speaker of the language, Ned Maddrell, died in 1974, the language has never fallen completely out of use.
 Manx has been the subject of language revival efforts, and in recent years Manx has become more visible on the island, with increased signage, radio broadcasts and a bilingual primary school.
 The revival of Manx has been made easier because the language was well recorded; for example, the Bible has been translated into Manx, and audio recordings were made of native speakers.
The Siwi language (also known as Siwan, Siwa Berber) is the easternmost Berber language, spoken in Egypt by an estimated 15,000 to 20,000 people in the oases of Siwa and Gara, near the Libyan border.
 The language has been heavily influenced by Arabic, notably Egyptian and Bedouin, but also earlier stages of Arabic.
 It continues to be the normal language of communication between Siwis among themselves, but may be threatened by contacts with outsiders and the use of Arabic in mixed marriages; nearly all Siwis today learn to speak Arabic as a second language from an early age.
El Morro, New Mexico is an unincorporated community in Cibola County, New Mexico, United States, in the northwestern part of the state.
 It is remotely located along the scenic Highway 53 (also known as the Ancient Way), 38 mi from Grants, NM to the northeast and 55 mi from Gallup, NM to the northwest.
 El Morro, New Mexico is named after a nearby sandstone promontory with a pool of water at its base, a desert oasis which the Spanish conquistadors called "El Morro" (The Headland).
 The Zuni Indians call it "A'ts'ina" (Place of Writings on the Rock).
 Anglo-Americans called it "Inscription Rock".
 El Morro National Monument is located 1.5 mi west on Highway 53, along the old Zuni-Acoma Trail, an ancient Pueblo trade route also known as the Ancient Way.
Marmarica in ancient geography was a littoral area in Ancient Libya, located between "Cyrenaica" and "Aegyptus".
 It corresponds to what is now the Libya and Egypt frontier, including the towns of Bomba (ancient "Phthia"), Timimi (ancient "Paliurus"), Tobruk (ancient "Antipyrgus"), Acroma (ancient "Gonia"), Bardiya, As-Salum, and Sidi Barrani (ancient "Zygra").
 The territory stretched to the far south, encompassing the Siwa Oasis, which at the time was known for its sanctuary to the deity Amun.
 The eastern part of Marmarica, by some geographers considered a separate district between Marmarica and Aegyptus, was known as Libycus Nomus.
 In Late Antiquity, Marmarica was also known as Libya Inferior, while Cyrenaica was known as "Libya Superior".
Tocharian, also spelled Tokharian ( or ), is an extinct branch of the Indo-European language family.
 It is known from manuscripts dating from the 6th to the 8th century AD, which were found in oasis cities on the northern edge of the Tarim Basin (now part of Xinjiang in northwest China).
 The discovery of these languages in the early 20th century contradicted the formerly prevalent idea of an east–west division of Indo-European language family on the centum–satem isogloss, and contributed to re-invigorated study of the family.
 Identifying the authors with the "Tokharoi" people of ancient Bactria (Tokharistan), early authors called these languages "Tocharian".
 Although this identification is now generally considered mistaken, the name has stuck.
The Siwi people, also known as the Oasis Berbers, are a Berber ethnic group based in Egypt's Siwa Oasis.
 They speak the Siwa language.
 The Siwi community is the most distant concentration of Berbers from their historical national homeland in Algeria that is still in existence today.
