The "Doctor Who" Restoration Team is a loose collection of "Doctor Who" fans, many within the television industry, who restore "Doctor Who" episodes for release on DVD.
Radville station is a former railway station in Radville, Saskatchewan.
 It was built by the Canadian Northern Railway as part of the Brandon to Lethbridge line.
 The 2-story, wood-frame, railway station is at a major division point on the railway line and is the only remaining Class II CNR railway station building still standing in the province.
 The building was designed by architect Ralph Benjamin Pratt.
 As a major division point from 1911 until the 1950s the site also housed a railway roundhouse.
 The building was designated a Municipal Heritage Property in 1984.
 The building is now used as a museum.
Bantoid is a putative major division of the Benue–Congo branch of the Niger–Congo language family.
 It consists of the Mambiloid languages (including two outlying languages sometimes not included in Mambiloid, Ndoro and Fam), the Dakoid languages and the Tikar language, all in Nigeria and Cameroon, and the Southern Bantoid languages, a major division which also includes the Bantu languages spoken across most of Sub-Saharan Africa.
RTÉ News and Current Affairs (Irish: "Nuacht agus Cúrsaí Reatha RTÉ" ), is a major division of Raidió Teilifís Éireann and provides a range of national and international news and current affairs programming for RTÉ television, radio and online and also for the independent Irish language broadcaster TG4.
 It is, by far, the largest and most popular news source in Ireland – with 77% of the Irish public regarding it as their main source of both Irish and international news.
 It broadcasts in English, Irish and Irish Sign Language.
 The organisation is also a source of commentary on current affairs.
 The division is based at the RTÉ Television Centre in Donnybrook, Dublin, however, the station also operates regional bureaux across Ireland and the world.
TRANSFER is a gallery that was created in 2013 and is located in Brooklyn, New York.
 It was co-founded by Kelani Nichole in 2013.
 Nichole, an independent curator, currently serves as the gallery’s director.
 TRANSFER is a unique gallery, in which was created to help online artists become more connected in a physical way.
 The gallery’s main objection is to allow online artists to literally “transfer” their art into a physical context using four blank walls.
 Given these four blank walls, artists can revert to old creative ways in drawing, painting, sculpture, or photography to recreate their online work.
 Thus, through this process, the gallery was given the name TRANSFER.
The Metro East is a loose collection of small and mid-sized cities sitting along the American Bottom and the bluffs of the Mississippi River.
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the five counties of the region have a total area of 6,974 km² (2,692 mi²).
 6,787 km² (2,620 mi²) of it is land and 186 km² (71 mi²) of it (2.74%) is water.
United Nations trust territories were the successors of the remaining League of Nations mandates, and came into being when the League of Nations ceased to exist in 1946.
 All of the trust territories were administered through the United Nations Trusteeship Council.
 The one territory not turned over was South-West Africa, which South Africa insisted remained under the League of Nations Mandate.
 It eventually gained independence in 1990 as Namibia.
 The main objection was that the trust territory guidelines required that the lands be prepared for independence and majority rule.
Laurence Clarkson (1615–1667), sometimes called Claxton, born in Preston, Lancashire, was an English theologian and accused heretic.
 He was the most outspoken and notorious of the loose collection of radical Protestants known as the Ranters.
Neo-Riemannian theory is a loose collection of ideas present in the writings of music theorists such as David Lewin, Brian Hyer, Richard Cohn, and Henry Klumpenhouwer.
 What binds these ideas is a central commitment to relating harmonies directly to each other, without necessary reference to a tonic.
 Initially, those harmonies were major and minor triads; subsequently, neo-Riemannian theory was extended to standard dissonant sonorities as well.
 Harmonic proximity is characteristically gauged by efficiency of voice leading.
 Thus, C major and E minor triads are close by virtue of requiring only a single semitonal shift to move from one to the other.
 Motion between proximate harmonies is described by simple transformations.
 For example, motion between a C major and E minor triad, in either direction, is executed by an "L" transformation.
 Extended progressions of harmonies are characteristically displayed on a geometric plane, or map, which portrays the entire system of harmonic relations.
 Where consensus is lacking is on the question of what is most central to the theory: smooth voice leading, transformations, or the system of relations that is mapped by the geometries.
 The theory is often invoked when analyzing harmonic practices within the Late Romantic period characterized by a high degree of chromaticism, including work of Schubert, Liszt, Wagner and Bruckner.
The Trend was a Marxist-Leninist political movement of the mid-1970s through the mid-1990s in the United States.
 It consisted of a loose collection of small communist organizations, newspapers, and theoretical groups that staked out a line that was intermediate between the Soviet-aligned Communist Party, USA and the Third-worldist-oriented, Maoist New Communist Movement.
 Groups that were part of The Trend include the "The Guardian" newspaper (now defunct, not to be confused with "The Guardian (UK)") and the associated Guardian Clubs, Line of March (later Frontline Political Organization), "Crossroads", Organizing Committee for an Ideological Center, El Comite-MINP, and other groups.
