Erik Tristan Voorhees is an American / Panamanian startup founder.
 He is co-founder of the bitcoin company Coinapult, worked as Director of Marketing at BitInstant, and was founder and partial owner of the bitcoin gambling website Satoshi Dice (subsequently sold in July 2013 to an undisclosed buyer).
Friday the 13th is an American horror franchise that consists of twelve slasher films, a television show, novels, and comic books.
 The main villain in the series is Jason Voorhees, who drowned at Camp Crystal Lake as a boy due to the negligence of the teenage counselors.
 Decades later, the lake is rumored to be "cursed" and is the setting for a series of mass murders.
 Jason is featured in all of the films, either as the killer or as the motivation for the killings.
 Each entry in the series features a different cast of characters, including a final girl who defeats the killer in the end.
 Recurring characters in the series include Jason's vengeful mother Pamela Voorhees, Alice Hardy, Tommy Jarvis and Crazy Ralph.
Frank Mulhern Ph.D is Associate Dean of Research at the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University.
 Professor Mulhern specializes in research on marketing communications, marketing research and database analysis and the role of employees in marketing strategy.
 He has published papers on retail pricing and promotions, the effectiveness of coupons, and the purchase behavior of ethnic consumer groups.
 More recent research involves analysis of the role of employees in brand strategy and the integration of internal communications with traditional and interactive media.
 His research papers have appeared in numerous scholarly journals including the "Journal of Marketing", "Journal of Retailing", "Journal of Advertising", "International Journal of Research in Marketing", "Journal of Interactive Marketing" and "Journal of Business Research".
 Professor Mulhern is the editor of the "Promotion Marketing Academic Quarterly", a publication of the Promotion Marketing Association.
 He is the co-author of the textbook, Marketing Communications: Integrated Theory, Strategy and Tactics.
 Professor Mulhern also serves as Director of the Forum for People Performance Management and Measurement, a center for scholarly research on employee engagement and internal marketing.
Madden NFL 2001 is an American football video game.
 It is the third in the Madden NFL series to include an NFL player, Tennessee Titans running back Eddie George, on its cover (the first being "Madden NFL '95", which featured Erik Williams and Karl Wilson along with Madden himself).
 It is also the first game in the Madden NFL series to appear on the PlayStation 2 game console.
 This is the first Madden game to feature NFL Europe teams.
Alan Marshall Meckler (born 1945) is an American internet pioneer and publishing executive.
 He was the founder and Chairman of Mecklermedia Corporation until the company was acquired by Penton Media in November 1998, and founded several print magazines including "Virtual Reality World", "CDrom World", and "Internet World".
 Until August 2014, he had been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mediabistro Inc. whose media assets were sold to Prometheus Global Partners, leaving a company renamed MecklerMedia Corporation which is producing trade shows world-wide in such fields as 3D Printing, Bitcoin and Facebook marketing.
Jim Cooney (born 1958) is a direct marketing and media buying executive with 30 years of local, regional, national and international experience.
 His mentors were direct marketing pioneers Edward Valenti, Barry Becher and Arthur Schiff whom he began working with directly out of college in 1981.
 The trio collaborated on numerous successful marketing campaigns including Armourcote Cookware ($80 million in sales) and the Ginsu Knife ($60 million in sales).
 He began his career as a copywriter working directly under Creative Director Schiff at direct marketing agency Dial Media at age 22 and within 3 years succeeded Schiff as the agency's VP/Creative Director.
 He is a twenty six time ECHO and New England Direct Marketing Association (NEDMA) award-winning copywriter, broadcast producer, creative director, account executive, media planner/buyer, marketing strategist/consultant, and Account Executive/Supervisor.
Stefan Stremersch (1972) holds the Desiderius Erasmus Distinguished Chair of Economics and a Chair of Marketing, both at Erasmus University Rotterdam, the Netherlands and is professor of Marketing at IESE Business School, Barcelona, Spain.
 His main research interests focus on innovation diffusion, marketing of technology and science, marketing strategy, new product growth, business economics of the life sciences and commercialization of new technologies.
 He is the scientific director of the Erasmus Healthcare Business Center and ECMI (European Center of Marketing and Innovation).
 Stremersch is also founder and director at The Marketing Technology and Innovation Institute (MTI²), a consulting company focused on helping companies innovate.
Crossing the Chasm: Marketing and Selling High-Tech Products to Mainstream Customers or simply Crossing the Chasm (1991, revised 1999 and 2014), is a marketing book by Geoffrey A. Moore that focuses on the specifics of marketing high tech products during the early start up period.
 Moore's exploration and expansion of the diffusions of innovations model has had a significant and lasting impact on high tech entrepreneurship.
 In 2006, Tom Byers, director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, described it as "still the bible for entrepreneurial marketing 15 years later".
 The book's success has led to a series of follow-up books and a consulting company, The Chasm Group.
Charles "Charlie" Shrem IV (born November 25, 1989) is an American entrepreneur and bitcoin advocate.
 He co-founded the now-defunct startup company BitInstant, and is a founding member of the Bitcoin Foundation, formerly serving as vice chairman.
 In 2017, he joined Jaxx as its director of business and community development.
 In December 2014 he was sentenced to two years in prison for aiding and abetting the operation of an unlicensed money-transmitting business related to the Silk Road marketplace.
 He was released from prison around June 2016.
George T. Haley is an American author and academic, currently a tenured Professor of Industrial and International Marketing at the University of New Haven, Connecticut, USA.
 He is also the Director of the Center for International Industry Competitiveness.
 His research covers Industrial marketing, Emerging markets, New Product Development, Innovation and B2B Marketing.
 He has testified on his research on China before the United States Congress and several government agencies.
 The American Marketing Association's "Marketing News" named him as one of six Marketing academics to watch based on his research, teaching and broader impact .
 He was also named an "American Made Hero" for his work on the ramifications of trade for US manufacturing in a global economy.
