Edwin van der Sar OON (] ) (born 29 October 1970) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
 During his career he played for Ajax, Juventus, Fulham and Manchester United.
 He is the second most capped player in the Netherlands national team's history.
 He currently works as the chief executive officer at Ajax.
 He came out of retirement to play for Dutch amateur team VV Noordwijk.
Theo Janssen (born 27 July 1981) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a midfielder for various clubs in the Netherlands, including Vitesse Arnhem, Twente and Ajax, as well as on loan for Belgian club Genk.
 He spent 10 years with Vitesse before joining Twente in 2008, where he helped them win the Eredivisie and qualify for the Champions League for the first time in their history.
 After being named Dutch Footballer of the Year in 2011, he played a season with Ajax, before returning to Vitesse in August 2012.
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro (] ; born 5 February 1985) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team.
 Often considered the best player in the world and widely regarded as one of the greatest of all time, Ronaldo has four FIFA Ballon d'Or awards, the most for a European player, and is the first player in history to win four European Golden Shoes.
 He has won 24 trophies in his career, including five league titles, four UEFA Champions League titles and one UEFA European Championship.
 A prolific goalscorer, Ronaldo holds the records for most official goals scored in the top five European leagues (372), the UEFA Champions League (109) and the UEFA European Championship (29), as well as the most goals scored in a UEFA Champions League season (17).
 He has scored more than 600 senior career goals for club and country.
Rick Kruijs, commonly known as Rick Kruys, (born 9 May 1985 in Utrecht) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
 His father, Gert Kruys, was a former professional football player as well, currently working as a manager in Dutch football.
USM Alger whose team has regularly taken part in Confederation of African Football (CAF) competitions.
 Qualification for Algerian clubs is determined by a team's performance in its domestic league and cup competitions, USM Alger have regularly qualified for the primary African competition, the African Cup, by winning the Ligue Professionnelle 1.
 USM Alger have also achieved African qualification via the Algerian Cup and have played in both the former African Cup Winners' Cup and the CAF Cup.
 the first match was against CARA Brazzaville and ended in victory for USM Alger 2–0 As for the biggest win result was in 2004 against ASFA Yennenga 8–1, and biggest loss firstly defeat in 1998 against Primeiro de Agosto club, and the secondly in 2013 away at against US Bitam 3–0, first participation in International competition were in the African Cup Winners' Cup in 1982 and the maximum in the quarter-finals against Ghanaian club Hearts of Oak, in the 1989 version of the same competition and the club withdrew from the same role after the loss in the first leg against Malagasy club BFV at Omar Hamadi Stadium, after that to miss the club's continental competitions for eight years until 1997 in the CAF Champions League for the first time, The beginning was against CD Travadores from the Cape Verde and ended with score 9–2 in total after the second round faced Udoji United Nigerian club and ended with a total of 3–2 to qualify the team for the group stage, where he signed with Raja Casablanca from Morocco, Primeiro de Agosto from Angola and recently Orlando Pirates of South Africa and the team finished second with 11 points, three victories, two draws and a single defeat was against Primeiro de Agosto score 1–2 away from home, and almost USM Alger advance to the final match and goal difference in favor of Raja Casablanca.
 the following year in the Cup Winners' Cup USMA eliminated in the quarter-final against Angola's Primeiro de Agosto 1–5 on aggregate and before the piece in the second round faced Ghapoha Readers Ghanaian club finished 2–0 on aggregate.
 then he participated in the CAF Cup for the first and last time the first match was against Horoya AC and ended in favor of the Union by away goals rule.
 later in the second round and faced Al-Ahli Wad Madani from Sudan, where they won back and forth a total of 7–0 to stop the march of the team in the quarter-final against Wydad Casablanca by away goals rule one more time.
Petr Čech (] ; born 20 May 1982) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Arsenal.
 He is the former captain for the Czech Republic national team.
 Čech has previously played for Chmel Blšany, Sparta Prague, Rennes and Chelsea.
 He is the most capped player in the history of the Czech national team with 124 caps, and represented the country at the 2006 World Cup, as well as the 2004, 2008, 2012, and 2016 European Championships.
 He was voted into the Euro 2004 all-star team after helping the Czechs reach the semi-finals.
 Čech also received the individual award of Best Goalkeeper in the 2004–05, 2006–07 and 2007–08 seasons of the UEFA Champions League.
 In addition, he was named in the FIFPro and UEFA Champions League team of the season in 2006.
 He is considered to be one of the greatest and most respected goalkeepers of his generation.
David McMillan (born 14 December 1988) is an Irish professional footballer who currently plays for Dundalk in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
 He has previously played for UCD, St Patrick's Athletic and Sligo Rovers.
 McMillan has represented Dundalk, St Patrick's Athletic and Sligo Rovers in European competition.
 He is currently the League of Ireland's all-time leading scorer in the UEFA Champions League and was joint top-scorer in the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round.
 McMillan has also been named League of Ireland Premier Division Player of the Month on three occasions.
 His older brother, Evan is also a Premier Division footballer and they have been team mates at UCD, St Patrick's Athletic and Sligo Rovers.
 In addition to playing football, McMillan is also a qualified architect.
Serhiy Anatoliyovych Pohodin (Ukrainian: Сергій Анатолійович Погодін ; Russian: Серге́й Анатольевич Погодин ; born 29 April 1968 in Rubizhne) is a Ukrainian professional footballer and coach.
 As of May 2009, he is a player-coach for FC Tytan Donetsk.
 He made his debut in the Soviet Second League in 1985 for FC Zarya Voroshilovgrad.
 He played 1 game and scored 1 goal in the UEFA Champions League 1993–94 qualification for FC Spartak Moscow against Skonto FC.
Steven George Gerrard {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 30 May 1980) is an English professional football coach and former professional footballer who serves as an academy coach at Liverpool.
 He spent the majority of his playing career as a central midfielder for Liverpool and the England national team, with most of that time spent as club captain.
 Regarded as one of the greatest midfielders of his generation, Gerrard was awarded the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year award in 2005, and the Ballon d'Or Bronze Award.
 In 2009, Zinedine Zidane and Pelé said that they considered Gerrard to be the best footballer in the world.
 A versatile and well-rounded player, highly regarded for his leadership, Gerrard is the only footballer in history to score in an FA Cup Final, a League Cup Final, a UEFA Cup Final and a UEFA Champions League Final, winning on each occasion.
FC Bayern Munich made few squad changes for the 2008–09 season.
 With captain Oliver Kahn retiring and coach Ottmar Hitzfeld leaving to coach the Swiss national team, the team leaders had to be replaced.
 Jürgen Klinsmann was appointed as new coach as announced in December 2007.
 In August 2008, Klinsmann announced that Mark van Bommel would succeed Kahn as captain.
 Klinsmann was sacked in April 2009 when the club officials saw the club's minimum aim, qualification for the Champions League, in jeopardy after a string of games in which Bayern underperformed.
 Jupp Heynckes was appointed as caretaker manager.
