Berber orthography is the writing system(s) used to transcribe the Berber languages.
 In antiquity, the Libyco-Berber script (Tifinagh) was utilized to write Berber.
 Early uses of the script have been found on rock art and in various sepulchres.
 Following the spread of Islam, some Berber scholars also utilized the Arabic script.
 There are now three writing systems in use for Berber languages: Tifinagh (Libyco-Berber), the Arabic script, and the Berber Latin alphabet.
 Different groups in North Africa have different preferences of writing system, often motivated by ideology and politics.
The Berber languages, also known as Berber or the Amazigh languages (Berber name: "Tamaziɣt", "Tamazight"; Neo-Tifinagh: ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖⵜ, Tuareg Tifinagh: ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵗⵜ, ⵝⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵗⵝ , ] , ] ), are a family of similar and closely related languages and dialects spoken by the Berbers indigenous to North Africa.
 The Berber languages constitute a branch of the Afroasiatic family.
 They were traditionally written with the ancient Libyco-Berber script, which now exists in the form of Tifinagh.
Mazanderani (مازندرانی), also Tabari (طبری) or Geleki (گلکی) is an Iranian language of the Northwestern branch, spoken mainly in Iran's Mazandaran, Tehran, Alborz, Semnan and Golestan provinces.
 As a member of the Northwestern branch (the northern branch of Western Iranian), etymologically speaking it is rather closely related to Gilaki, and more distantly related to Persian, which belongs to the Southwestern branch.
 Mazandarani is closely related to Gilaki and the two languages have similar vocabularies.
 The Gilaki and Mazandarani languages (but not other Iranian languages) share certain typological features with Caucasian languages (specifically South Caucasian languages), reflecting the history, ethnic identity, and close relatedness to the Caucasus region and Caucasian peoples of the Mazandarani people and Gilaki people.
Horpa (Chinese: 道孚语 "Daofu", 爾龔語 "Ergong"), also named Stau, Daofuhua, Bawang, Bopa, Danba, Dawu, Geshitsa, Geshiza, Geshizahua, Hor, Huo’er, Hórsók, Nyagrong-Minyag, Pawang, Rgu, Western Gyarong, Western Jiarong, Xinlong-Muya, rTau"," is one of several closely related Rgyalrongic languages of China.
 Horpa is better understood as a cluster of closely related yet unintelligible dialect groups/languages closely related to Horpa Shangzhai or Stodsde skad.
 The term "Stodsde skad" is a Tibetan name meaning "language of the people of the far Northwest".
Umbrian is an extinct Italic language formerly spoken by the Umbri in the ancient Italian region of Umbria.
 Within the Italic languages it is closely related to the Oscan group and is therefore associated with it in the group of Osco-Umbrian languages.
 Since that classification was first formulated a number of other languages in ancient Italy were discovered to be more closely related to Umbrian.
 Therefore, a group was devised to contain them, the Umbrian languages.
Madurese is a language of the Madurese people of Madura Island and eastern Java, Indonesia; it is also spoken on the neighbouring small Kangean Islands and Sapudi Islands, as well as from migrants to other parts of Indonesia, namely the eastern salient of Java (comprising Pasuruan, Surabaya, Malang to Banyuwangi), the Masalembu Islands, and even some on Kalimantan.
 The Kangean dialect may be a separate language.
 It was traditionally written in the Javanese script, but the Latin script and the Pegon script (based on Arabic script) is now more commonly used.
 The number of speakers, though shrinking, is estimated to be 8–13 million, making it one of the most widely spoken language in the country.
 A variant of Madurese that is Bawean is also spoken by Baweanese (or Boyan) descendants in Malaysia and Singapore.
The Rejang script, sometimes spelt "Redjang" and locally known as "Surat Ulu" ('upstream script'), is an abugida of the Brahmic family, and is related to other scripts of the region, like Batak, Buginese, and others.
 Rejang is a member of the closely related group of Surat Ulu scripts that include the script variants of Bengkulu, Lembak, Lintang, Lebong, and Serawai.
 Other scripts that are closely related, and sometimes included in the Surat Ulu group, are Kerinci and Lampung.
 The script was in use prior to the introduction of Islam to the Rejang area; the earliest attested document appears to date from the mid-18th century CE.
 The Rejang script is sometimes also known as the KaGaNga script following the first three letters of the alphabet.
 The term KaGaNga was never used by the users of the script community, but it was coined by the British anthropologist Mervyn A. Jaspan (1926–1975) in his book "Folk literature of South Sumatra.
 Redjang Ka-Ga-Nga texts."
 Canberra, The Australian National University 1964.
Jula (or Dyula, Dioula) is a Mande language spoken in Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast and Mali.
 It is one of the Manding languages and is most closely related to Bambara, being mutually intelligible with Bambara as well as Malinke.
 It is a trade language in West Africa and is spoken by millions of people, either as a first or second language.
 It is written in the Arabic script and the Latin script, as well as in the indigenous N'Ko script.
The Tugurt language, also known as Oued Righ Berber and Temacine Tamazight, is a Zenati Berber variety spoken in some of the oases of the northeastern Oued Righ region around Touggourt in Algeria.
 s of 1893 , its main speech area was in Temacine, Blidet-Amor, Meggarine and Ghomra.
 It is closely related to the nearby Tumzabt (Mozabite) and Teggargrent (Ouargli) languages.
The Takri script (sometimes called "Tankri") is an abugida writing system of the Brahmic family of scripts.
 It is closely related to, and derived from, the Sharada script employed by Kashmiri.
 It is also related to the Gurmukhī script used to write Punjabi.
 Until the late 1940s, And adopted version script of Takri (called Dogri, Dogra or Dogra Akhtar)was the official script for writing the Dogri in the state of Jammu and Kashmir and Kangri, Cahmbeali, Mandeali in Himachal Pradesh.
 There are some record of using Takri script in the history of Nepali (Khas Kura).
 Takri has historically been used by a number of Western Pahari, Garhwali and Dardic languages in the Western Himalayas, such as Gaddi or Gaddki (the language of the Gaddi ethnic group), Kashtwari (the dialect centered on the Kashtwar or Kishtwar region of Jammu and Kashmir) and Chamiyali (the language of the Chamba region of Himachal Pradesh).
 Takri used to be most prevalent script for business records and communication in various parts of Himachal Pradesh including Chintpurni, Una, Kangra, Bilaspur and Hamirpur regions.
 The aged businessmen can still be found using Takri in these areas, but newer generation has now shifted to Devanagari and even English (Roman).
 This shift can be traced to have happened during the period ranging from 1950s to 1980s.
