Diane Morgan (1976) is an English actress, comedian, and writer.
 She has appeared on BBC comedy series "Mock the Week" and "Charlie Brooker's Weekly Wipe" and presented the mockumentaries "Cunk on Christmas" and "Cunk on Shakespeare", as the comedy character Philomena Cunk.
 She also works with fellow comedian Joe Wilkinson as part of the deadpan sketch group "Two Episodes of Mash".
The tenth series of the BBC family sitcom "My Family" originally aired between 9 July 2010, and 27 August 2010, with a Christmas special that went to air on 24 December 2010.
 The series was commissioned following consistent ratings from the previous series.
 The opening episode, "Wheelie Ben", re-introduces the six main characters, with the addition of regular appearances from Kenzo Harper, played by Tayler Marshall.
 However, the character of Roger Bailey only made an appearance in the series finale.
 All episodes from the tenth series are thirty minutes in length, with the exception of the Christmas Special.
 The series was once again produced by Rude Boy Productions, a company that produces comedies created by Fred Barron.
 Unlike previous series of the show, which were filmed on a yearly basis, both Series 10 and 11 were filmed back-to-back.
 For the first time in the show's history, two episodes of the series remained unaired for some time.
 At the time of release, the DVD of the series contained two episodes that had yet to be broadcast on television.
 On 17 June 2011, one of these two episodes were aired, and the other is scheduled to air on 22 July 2011.
 The series averaged 4.55 million per episode; however, they managed to get over 6.00 million viewers for the Christmas Special.
The shoemaker, purportedly Britain's oldest and one of the first manufacturers in Norfolk, was established in 1792 in Norwich, England, by James Smith.
 His grandson, James Southall, gave the firm its current name; it rose in prominence during the 20th century thanks in part to an iconic poster, reading "Children's shoes have far to go", which was displayed on the London Underground for 20 years from 1947.
 Controversy exists around the origins of the image in this poster.
 It has been attributed to artists Andy Wood, William Grimmond, Joe Wilkinson of Stanley Studios, Susan Pearce, and to the company's own advertising agent.
Live at the Electric is a British comedy series broadcast on BBC Three since 31 May 2012.
 The show is hosted by comedian Russell Kane who performs stand-up in between comedy sketches from a variety of performers such as Joe Wilkinson and Diane Morgan's double act "Two Episodes of Mash".
 It also features comedy duo Totally Tom serving as backstage crew for the show.
 The second series started on 4 July 2013 and ended on 22 August 2013.
 A third series began on 10 January 2014.
Nora Lewin is a fictional character on the TV show "Law & Order", played by two-time Academy Award winning actress Dianne Wiest from 2000 to 2002.
 She appeared in 51 episodes (48 episodes of "Law & Order", one episode of "" and two episodes of "").
 Her character was particularly notable for the fact that she was the first woman in the program's history to hold the position of New York County District Attorney (no woman has held the position in real life).
 Pursuant to New York law, an interim District Attorney is appointed by the Governor.
After leaving Cambridge University, John Jackson developed and script edited the ITV soap Night and Day.
 Altogether he wrote 35 episodes for the TV Series.
 In 2009 he wrote the episode "The King Is Dead, Long Live the King…" for the BBC One series Robin Hood.
 From 2010 to 2012 he wrote two episodes of the serial drama Lip Service.
 From 2011 until 2013 he wrote three episodes for the supernatural drama Being Human.
 This brought him a Writers' Guild of Great Britain award for Best TV Drama Series.
 He also wrote two episodes for the "Being Human" spin off Becoming Human.
 In 2014 Jackson wrote an episode for another BBC Three series, In the Flesh.
Lucy Clare Davis (born 17 February 1973) is an English actress.
 She played the role of Dawn Tinsley in the BBC comedy "The Office", as well as Dianne in the horror-comedy movie "Shaun of the Dead", Hayley in "The Archers", and Etta Candy in "Wonder Woman" (2017).
7 Day Sunday "(7 Day Saturday in 2013)" is a British comedy radio talk show hosted by Al Murray on BBC Radio 5 Live.
 Broadcast weekly on Sunday mornings, the show takes an irreverent look at the topical news stories of the past seven days.
 Originally presented by Chris Addison: he was joined by regular guests Sarah Millican and Andy Zaltzman, and a fourth special guest each episode.
 It premièred in January 2010 to mixed reviews.
 It returned for a second series in September 2010.
 Al Murray served as host for the last five episodes of the second series, joined by regular guests Rebecca Front and Joe Wilkinson.
 The show returned for a third series in January 2012 with Al Murray hosting alongside Andy Zaltzman and Rebecca Front as the regular guests.
 A fourth series followed from September 2012, with series 5 due to start at 11am on 11 May 2014.
David Earl is a British actor and comedian, best known for his comedy character Brian Gittins.
 He has featured in several projects associated with Ricky Gervais, most notably as Kevin 'Kev' Twine in the sitcom "Derek", and in smaller roles in "Extras" and the film "Cemetery Junction".
 He also co-wrote and starred in the sitcom "Rovers" for Sky 1 with Joe Wilkinson.
Egypt is a BBC television docudrama serial portraying events in the history of Egyptology from the 18th through early 20th centuries.
 It originally aired on Sunday nights at 9 pm on BBC1 in 2005.
 The first two episodes explored the work of Howard Carter and his archaeological quest in Egypt in the early part of the twentieth century.
 The next two episodes focused on the eccentric explorer "The Great Belzoni".
 played here by Matthew Kelly.
 The final two episodes dramatise the discovery and deciphering of the Rosetta Stone by Jean-François Champollion (Elliot Cowan).
