Rancho Monte del Diablo was a 17921 acre Mexican land grant in present-day Contra Costa County, California given in 1834 by Governor José Figueroa to Salvio Pacheco.
 The name "Monte del Diablo" means "thicket of the devil" in Spanish.
 The name was later incorrectly translated as Mount Diablo.
 The grant covered the area from the Walnut Creek channel east to the hills, and generally from the Mount Diablo foothills north along Lime Ridge to Avon on the Carquinez Strait of the Sacramento River, and included present day Concord and parts of Pleasant Hill.
 Pacheco and Clayton are outside of the Rancho Monte del Diablo grant.
Lammersville Joint Unified School district (LJUSD) (formerly Lammersville Elementary School District) is a pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade unified school district in Mountain House, California, which serves the area west of Tracy and parts of Alameda County.
 The district was created when majority of voters in the Lammersville and Mountain House area passed a measure to separate from Tracy Unified School District in a special election on June 8, 2010.
 It became an independent school district on July 1, 2011.
Ygnacio Valley High School (YVHS) is a public secondary school located in Concord, California, United States.
 It draws students from Concord as well as from the neighboring communities of Walnut Creek and Pleasant Hill.
 The school opened in 1962, and its first senior class graduated in 1964.
 Originally conceived as a temporary facility, the school currently carries an enrollment of over 1,500 total students for grades 9 through 12.
 When the nearby Northgate High School opened in 1974, YVHS lost approximately half its student body at the time.
 The school is part of the Mount Diablo Unified School District.
San Ramon Valley Unified School District is a public school district in Contra Costa County, California.
 The San Ramon Valley Unified School District encompasses the communities of Alamo, Blackhawk, Danville, Diablo, and San Ramon (including the new Dougherty Valley communities) as well as a small portion of the cities of Walnut Creek and Pleasanton.
 The district operates 35 schools serving more than 30,000 students in Kindergarten through Grade 12.
Mount Diablo Unified School District (MDUSD) is a public school district in Contra Costa County, California.
 It currently operates 29 elementary schools, 10 middle schools, and five high schools, with 7 alternative school programs and an adult education program.
 MDUSD is one of the largest school districts in the state of California, with over 56 school sites and a budget of approximately $270,000,000.
 The district has over 36,000 K-12 students, over 20,000 adult education students, and over 3,500 employees, including over 2,000 certificated educators.
 The district covers 150 sqmi , including the cities of Concord and Clayton; as well as most of Pleasant Hill and portions of Walnut Creek, Pittsburg, Lafayette, and Martinez; and unincorporated areas, including Pacheco, Clyde, and Bay Point.
Northgate High School (NHS) is a public high school located in the suburban Northgate neighborhood of Walnut Creek, California, United States.
 The most recent of five high schools in the Mount Diablo Unified School District, the school was built in 1974, and is home to approximately 1,600 students from Walnut Creek and Concord, California, grades 9-12.
 Its name derives from its location at the north entrance of Mount Diablo State Park.
Prescott High School is a public high school located in the city of Prescott, Arizona.
 It is the only high school in the Prescott Unified School District.
 Historically, Prescott High School drew students from various adjacent school districts, mostly in Prescott Valley (Humboldt Unified School District) and Chino Valley, Arizona (Chino Valley Unified School District); those districts later established their own high schools.
KVHS (90.5 FM, "90.5 The Edge") is a non-profit high school radio station playing an Active Rock music format.
 It is licensed to Clayton Valley High School under the jurisdiction of the Mount Diablo Unified School District and broadcasts from the campus of Clayton Valley Charter High School, Concord, California, USA.
 The signal reaches the counties of Contra Costa, Solano, Napa, San Joaquin, West Sacramento and Yolo, and KVHS primarily serves the Diablo Valley area.
Concord High School is located at 4200 Concord Blvd. in Concord, California, United States, near El Dorado Middle School and Westwood Elementary.
 As of 2014, the current principal is Rianne Pfaltzgraff.
 The school educates nearly 1700 students, and it continues to grow.
 It is one of the six high schools in the Mount Diablo Unified School District.
 Concord High School was constructed in 1966 and currently provides 144373 sqft in permanent structure, including about 70 classrooms, a library, and other structures.
Hesperia Unified School District is a school district in San Bernardino County, California.
 Hesperia Unified School District serves the City of Hesperia and adjacent areas in the High Desert of San Bernardino County and covers 161 square miles.
 The Hesperia Unified School District provides public education services for kindergarten through senior high school students.
 It includes 3 comprehensive high schools, 2 continuation high schools, 3 middle schools, 12 elementary schools, 3 choice schools, 2 alternative schools, 1 adult education school, and 5 charter schools.
