Todd Stansbury is a Canadian–American university sports administrator and former college athlete.
 Stansbury is currently the athletic director for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets sports program at Georgia Tech.
 He previously served as executive associate athletic director at Oregon State, assistant athletic director for academics at Georgia Tech, associate athletic director at the University of Houston, and athletic director at East Tennessee State University, the University of Central Florida, and Georgia Tech.
Gary Barta (born September 4, 1963) is the current athletic director at the University of Iowa.
 He succeeded Bob Bowlsby on August 1, 2006, when Bowlsby stepped down after 15 years as Iowa's athletic director to take the same position at Stanford University.
 Before coming to Iowa, Barta was the athletic director at the University of Wyoming from 2003 to 2006.
 In early 2005, Barta was a finalist for the Athletic Director position at Arizona State University.
 Prior to serving as the athletic director at Wyoming, Barta served as an administrator in the athletic departments at the University of Washington, and Northern Iowa University.
Guy M. Sundt (February 18, 1898 – October 25, 1955) was an American athlete, coach, and college athletics administrator.
 He played football and basketball and ran track at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
 After graduating from Wisconsin in 1922, Sundt spent two years at Ripon College in Ripon, Wisconsin, where he served as athletic director and coached football, basketball, and track.
 He returned to Wisconsin in 1924 as freshman football and basketball coach and assistant track coach.
 From 1924 until 1948, Sundt coached the backfield on the varsity Wisconsin Badgers football team.
 From 1948 until 1950, he served as the head track coach for the Badgers before taking the job as athletic director at Wisconsin, a role he filled until his death in 1955.
Ernest B. "Ernie" McCoy (June 5, 1905 – May 1983) was an All-American basketball player at the University of Michigan from 1927 to 1929.
 After graduating, he spent his entire professional career in college athletics, serving as the athletic director at Penn State (1952–1970), the athletic director at the University of Miami (1971–1973), and a basketball coach (1949–1952), assistant football coach, and assistant athletic director (1946–1952) at Michigan.
 He is most remembered as the athletic director who hired Joe Paterno as head football coach at Penn State in 1966.
Sean T. Frazier is an American college athletics administrator.
 He is the athletic director at Northern Illinois University, a position he has held since 2013.
 He previously served as deputy athletic director and chief of staff at the University of Wisconsin–Madison under athletic director Barry Alvarez and as athletic director at Merrimack College.
 Frazier is a former football student-athlete and alumnus of the University of Alabama.
Joel Nielsen is an American sports administrator originally from Latimer, Iowa.
 Since 2010 he has served as the athletic director for Kent State University in Kent, Ohio.
 Prior to his appointment at Kent State, he served as athletic director at the University of South Dakota from 2003 to 2010 and at Colorado College from 2001 to 2003.
 He also served as associate athletic director at Wake Forest University from 1993 to 2001 and assistant athletic director at Illinois State University from 1992 to 1993.
 From 1990 to 1991 he was athletic development assistant at Northern Illinois University.
 He is an alumnus of Minnesota State University, Mankato, where he played football and baseball and earned both his bachelor's and master's degrees.
Greg Byrne (born November 29, 1971) is the athletic director at the University of Alabama.
 Prior to this appointment, Byrne was the athletic director at the University of Arizona, the athletic director at Mississippi State University from 2008–2010 after serving as associate athletic director for the preceding two years.
 Previously, Byrne held associate director of athletics positions at University of Kentucky, and Oregon State University.
Larry Leckonby is a college sports administrator, currently serving as athletic director at Catawba College.
 He has previously served as an assistant athletic director at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, Boston University, Old Dominion University, and Boston College.
 He served as senior associate athletic director at the University of Houston prior to serving as senior associate athletic director at the University of Maryland, College Park, working as the chief financial officer of that school's athletic department.
 He was athletic director at The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina from 2008 through 2014.
 Leckonby's tenure at The Citadel ended in the summer of 2014, when he accepted the same position at Catawba.
Kevin Haslam is a college sports administrator and former college football coach.
 He is an assistant athletic director at Arizona State University, and used to be athletic director at MacMurray College in Jacksonville, Illinois, the second school in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) history to have imposed the death penalty on one of its sports programs.
 Haslam took over as the athletic director after the resignation of the athletic director that oversaw the severe penalty.
Mike Vaught (born c. 1961) is an athletic administrator at Grand Canyon University in Phoenix, Arizona, being named to the position on October 15, 2014.
 He has previously served as deputy athletic director at Southern Methodist University and assistant athletic director at Rice University.
 Aside from athletic administration, Vaught has been an assistant football coach at University of Arkansas, Missouri State University, Texas State University and the United States Naval Academy.
 Prior to accepting the position at Grand Canyon, Vaught was the director of corporate sponsorship at AdvoCare.
