Eardwulf (fl.
 790 – c. 830) was king of Northumbria from 796 to 806, when he was deposed and went into exile.
 He may have had a second reign from 808 until perhaps 811 or 830.
 Northumbria in the last years of the eighth century was the scene of dynastic strife between several noble families: in 790, the then-king Æthelred I attempted to have Eardwulf assassinated.
 Eardwulf's survival may have been viewed as a sign of divine favour.
 A group of nobles conspired to assassinate Æthelred in April 796 and he was succeeded by Osbald: Osbald's reign lasted only twenty-seven days before he was deposed and Eardwulf became king on 14 May 796.
Bernice Albertine King (born March 28, 1963) is an American minister best known as the youngest child of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King.
 She was five years old when her father was assassinated.
 In her adolescence, King chose to work towards becoming a minister after having a breakdown from watching a documentary about her father.
 King was 17 when she was invited to speak at the United Nations.
 Twenty years after her father was assassinated, she preached her trial sermon.
 Inspired by her parents' activism, she was arrested multiple times during her early adulthood.
Eardwulf was King of Kent, jointly with Æðelberht II.
Æthelbert II (Old English: "Æðelberht" ) (725–762) was king of Kent.
 Upon the death of his father Wihtred, the kingdom was ruled by his three sons, Æthelbert II, Eadberht I and Alric.
 Æthelbert seems to have outlived both of his brothers and later reigned jointly with his nephew Eardwulf.
 He died in 762, according to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" (recorded under 760 due to chronological dislocation).
 He seems to have left a son, Eadberht II.
Min Shin Saw (Burmese: မင်းရှင်စော , ] ; died 1167) was heir-apparent of the Pagan Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1117 to 1151.
 His father King Sithu I sent the crown prince into exile to present-day Ava (Inwa) where the prince subsequently turned into a highly cultivated region.
 After Sithu was assassinated in 1167, Min Shin Saw returned to Pagan to claim the throne.
 There, he was consecrated king but later that night, was assassinated by Narathu, his younger brother and the assassin of their father.
Eadberht I was king of Kent from 725 to 748.
 After his father, Wihtred of Kent died, he inherited the kingdom of Kent along with his two brothers Æðelberht II and Alric.
 Æðelberht II seems to have been the eldest and more dominant brother.
 Eadberht I died in 748, according to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle".
 He left a son, Eardwulf, who succeeded as king jointly with his uncle.
Coenwulf (also spelled Cenwulf, Kenulf, or Kenwulph) was King of Mercia from December 796 until his death in 821.
 He was a descendant of a sibling of King Penda, who had ruled Mercia in the middle of the 7th century.
 He succeeded Ecgfrith, the son of Offa; Ecgfrith only reigned for five months, and Coenwulf ascended to the throne in the same year that Offa died.
 In the early years of Coenwulf's reign he had to deal with a revolt in Kent, which had been under Offa's control.
 Eadberht Præn returned from exile in Francia to claim the Kentish throne, and Coenwulf was forced to wait for papal support before he could intervene.
 When Pope Leo agreed to anathematize Eadberht, Coenwulf invaded and retook the kingdom; Eadberht was taken prisoner, was blinded, and had his hands cut off.
 Coenwulf also appears to have lost control of the kingdom of East Anglia during the early part of his reign, as an independent coinage appears under King Eadwald.
 Coenwulf's coinage reappears in 805, indicating that the kingdom was again under Mercian control.
 Several campaigns of Coenwulf's against the Welsh are recorded, but only one conflict with Northumbria, in 801, though it is likely that Coenwulf continued to support the opponents of the Northumbrian king Eardwulf.
Eadred Lulisc or Eadred of Carlisle (fl.
 late 9th century) is the abbot of Carlisle recorded by the "Historia de Sancto Cuthberto".
 The "Historia" gives the abbot central place in the election of Guthred as king of Northumbria by the Viking army based in Yorkshire, and that subsequently Eadred purchased land from him, using it to endow the bishopric of St Cuthbert.
 The "Historia" also related that he and Eardwulf, Bishop of Lindisfarne, moved the body of St Cuthbert away from its previous base at Lindisfarne, tried to take it to Ireland, but failed and took it back to the east, first to Crayke and then to Chester-le-Street.
Alkmund of Derby (or of Lilleshall), also spelt Ealhmund, Alhmund, Alcmund, or Alchmund (d. c. 800) was a son of Alhred of Northumbria.
 After more than twenty years in exile as a result of Northumbrian dynastic struggles, he returned with an army.
 He was killed in about 800, for which King Eardwulf of Northumbria was held responsible.
 Whatever the exact circumstances, his death was regarded as a martyrdom, and Alkmund as a saint.
Ælfwald, according to one tradition, reigned as king of Northumbria following the deposition of Eardwulf in 806.
 This information appears only in the anonymous tract "De primo Saxonum adventu" and in the later "Flores Historiarum" of Roger of Wendover.
 Roger states that Ælfwald had overthrown Eardwulf.
