Produce 101 Season 2 () is a 2017 boy group survival reality show on Mnet.
 It is a large-scale project in which the public (called 'national producers') "produces" a boy band by choosing 11 members among 101 trainees from 54 entertainment companies.
 The public also chooses the group's concept, debut song, and group name.
 On June 16, 2017, the season finale was broadcast live, announcing the final 11 members who would debut, as well as the official group name Wanna One.
Produce 101 () is a 2016 reality girl group survival show on Mnet.
 It is a large-scale project in which the public "produces" a unit girl group by choosing members from a pool of 101 trainees from 46 entertainment companies as well as the group's concept, debut song, and group name.
 The show has the second-largest budget of all shows produced by Mnet at about four billion won (approximately $3.4 million).
Chu Ye-jin (born October 11, 2001) is a South Korean actress.
 She was a contestant on Mnet's girl group survival program "Produce 101".
On March 23, 2016, Pledis Entertainment announced they were to debut a new girl group, temporarily called Pledis Girlz.
 7 of the 10 members, Eunwoo, Kyulkyung, Nayoung, Rena, Roa, Xiyeon and Yuha, previously competed during the first season of Mnet's survival show Produce 101, where Kyulkyung and Nayoung became finalists and debuted as part of the group I.O.I.
Jeon So-mi (born Ennik Somi Douma on March 9, 2001), professionally known by the mononym Somi, is a Canadian-Korean singer based in South Korea who finished first in Mnet's K-pop reality show "Produce 101".
 She is best known as a former member of the now disbanded South Korean girl group I.O.I.
I.B.I (; also known as IBI) is a South Korean special project girl group formed by LOEN Entertainment in 2016 consisting of 5 members who previously took part in Mnet's 2016 survival show "Produce 101".
 The name I.B.I (pronounced as "Il-Ban-In") comes from the Korean word 일반인, meaning "normal people", but its meaning was later changed to "I Believe It" proving the earnest feelings and hopes of I.B.I's debut that both the fans and the members wanted had come true.
 The group will be promoting under LOEN Entertainment while the members of I.B.I are still under their respective companies.
Miss Me?
 (stylized as miss me?)
 is the second and last extended play (EP) by South Korean girl group I.O.I, a project group created through the 2016 Mnet survival show, "Produce 101", composed of eleven trainees from different entertainment companies that promoted until January 2017 under YMC Entertainment.
 It contains five tracks, including the lead single, "Very Very Very" produced by Park Jin-young.
Kim Se-jeong (born August 28, 1996) is a South Korean singer and actress signed under Jellyfish Entertainment.
 She is best known for finishing second in Mnet's K-pop girl group survival show "Produce 101" and is a member of girl group Gugudan.
 She is a former member of I.O.I and was also a co-host of KBS2 variety show "Talents for Sale" (2016).
 She is also known for playing the main character in the drama "School 2017".
I.O.I (; also known as IOI or Ideal of Idol) was a South Korean girl group formed by CJ E&M through the 2016 reality show "Produce 101" on Mnet.
 The group was composed of eleven members chosen from a pool of 101 trainees from various entertainment companies: Lim Na-young, Kim Chung-ha, Kim Se-jeong, Jung Chae-yeon, Zhou Jieqiong, Kim So-hye, Yu Yeon-jung, Choi Yoo-jung, Kang Mi-na, Kim Do-yeon and Jeon So-mi.
 They debuted on May 4, 2016 with the EP "Chrysalis" and actively promoted as a whole and as a sub-unit for less than a year.
Chrysalis is the debut extended play by South Korean girl group I.O.I, a special group created through the 2016 Mnet survival show, "Produce 101", composed of eleven trainees from different entertainment companies that will promote for a year under YMC Entertainment.
 The album was released digitally on May 4, 2016 and physically on May 9 with the single "Dream Girls" in two versions, a standard edition and a special edition.
