Shun Tak Centre () is a commercial and transport complex on the northern shore of Hong Kong Island in Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
 It comprises a 4-storey podium containing a shopping centre and car park, two 38-storey office towers, and the Hong Kong-Macau Ferry Terminal.
The Galleria, stylized theGalleria or the Houston Galleria, is an upscale mixed-use urban development shopping mall centrally located in the Uptown District of Houston, Texas, United States.
 The development consists of a retail complex, as well as the Galleria Office Towers complex, two Westin hotels, and a private health club.
 The office towers and hotels are separately owned and managed from the shopping center.
La Rose Noire is a chain of Swiss bakeries.
Taikoo Place () is a building complex located in Quarry Bay, east Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.
 It comprises grade A office towers, car parking, clubs, office apartment, parks, and shops to meet the needs from business people worldwide.
 Island Line (MTR) are available alongside Taikoo Place, Cityplaza and Taikoo Shing.
 These three complexes are all managed by Swire Properties since the beginning from Taikoo Sugar Refinery, the subsequent Taikoo Dockyard and the recent demolitions of the industrial buildings.
Gérard Dubois is a Swiss born chef and businessman, focusing on patisseries, boulangeries and confiseries.
 In 1991, Dubois opened the first La Rose Noire patisserie in Pacific Place, Admiralty, Hong Kong.
China Hong Kong City () is a commercial complex including five office towers which have a shopping centre, office buildings, a hotel and a ferry terminal in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
 It is situated along Canton Road, next to The Gateway and the Tsim Sha Tsui Fire Station.
 The complex is managed by Sino Group.
Wan Chai ( ) is a metropolitan area situated at the western part of the Wan Chai District on the northern shore of Hong Kong Island, in Hong Kong.
 Its other boundaries are Canal Road to the east, Arsenal Street to the west and Bowen Road to the south.
 The area north of Gloucester Road is often referred to as Wan Chai North.
 Wan Chai is one of the busiest commercial areas in Hong Kong with offices of many small and medium-sized companies.
 Wan Chai North features office towers, parks, hotels and an international conference and exhibition centre.
 As one of the first areas developed in Hong Kong, the locale is densely populated yet with noticeable residential zones facing urban decay.
 Arousing considerable public concern, the government has undertaken several urban renewal projects in recent years.
 There are many unique landmarks and skyscrapers within the area, most notably the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC), Central Plaza and Hopewell Centre.
Rose Rose I Love You is a 1993 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jacky Pang and starring Tony Leung, Kenny Bee, Simon Yam, Carina Lau, Veronica Yip and Charine Chan.
 The film is a sequel of the 1992 film, "92 Legendary La Rose Noire", with Leung reprising his role as from the predecessor, but features a new storyline.
 It was followed by another sequel, confusingly titled "Black Rose II", released in 1997, also featuring a new storyline and cast.
92 Legendary La Rose Noire is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film written and directed by Jeffrey Lau and starring Tony Leung, Maggie Shiu, Teresa Mo, Wong Wan-sze and Fung Bo Bo.
 The film was nominated for eight awards at the 12th Hong Kong Film Awards, where Leung won his second Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor and Fung won her first Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actress.
 "92 Legendary La Rose Noire" was ranked number 75 of the Best 100 Chinese Motion Pictures at the 24th Hong Kong Film Awards.
 The film was followed two sequels, one released in 1993 titled "Rose Rose I Love You", where Leung reprises his role but features a new storyline, and another released in 1997 confusingly titled "Black Rose II", also featuring a new storyline and different cast.
The New World Centre () was retail-hotel-residential-office complex on Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
 It housed two hotels, two office towers, a shopping complex and serviced apartments.
 It was reported to be one of the largest commercial complexes in the world at the time.
 It used to house a Tokyu Department Store.
 It was located near the Sogo department store and the Hong Kong Space Museum, opposite the MTR East Tsim Sha Tsui Station.
 It was closed on March 31, 2010 for demolition and a new 63-storey hotel by New World Group is being built on the site with expected opening in 2017.
