Socrates ( ; Greek: Σωκράτης , "Sōkrátēs"; 470/469 – 399 BC) was a classical Greek (Athenian) philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy.
 He is an enigmatic figure known chiefly through the accounts of classical writers, especially the writings of his students Plato and Xenophon and the plays of his contemporary Aristophanes.
 Plato's dialogues are among the most comprehensive accounts of Socrates to survive from antiquity, though it is unclear the degree to which Socrates himself is "hidden behind his 'best disciple', Plato".
Ran Geng (; 544 BC – ?)
, also known by his courtesy name Boniu (), was one of the most prominent disciples of Confucius.
 Confucius considered him his third best disciple, after Yan Hui and Min Sun, in terms of moral conduct.
Samfälligheten för Nordisk Sed is a Swedish religious organisation adhering to Germanic Neopaganism.
 It is one of the proponents of the "Folktro" approach to Germanic Neopaganism.
 Begun in 1996 as "a network of independent kindreds", it was formally founded in 1997.
 In 2000 Samfälligheten was one of the first religious organisations registered as a "registrerat trossamfund" due to the new Swedish laws, and "is now modeled on the former state church."
The Red River Meeting House was the site of the first religious camp meeting in the United States.
 Held June 13–17, 1800, it marked the start of the Second Great Awakening, a major religious movement in the United States in the first part of the nineteenth century.
 The meeting was organized by the Presbyterian minister James McGready (also spelled M'Gready) in Logan County, Kentucky, and several preachers took part.
The Voice of Prophecy, founded by H.M.S. Richards, Sr., is a Seventh-day Adventist religious radio ministry headquartered in Loveland, Colorado.
 Initially airing in 1929 on a single radio station in Los Angeles the Voice of Prophecy has since grown to numerous stations throughout the United States and Canada.
 It was one of the first religious programs in the United States to broadcast nationally.
 Under the leadership of Shawn and Jean Boonstra, the ministry has now expanded into additional forms of media, including the weekly Disclosure broadcast.
Elias Smith (17 June 1769 – 29 June 1846) was a preacher, physician, journalist and clergyman.
 Smith, along with the preacher Abner Jones, founded a group of Christian Churches in New England that eventually merged with other like-minded, regional groups to become the denomination known as the Christian Connexion.
 Smith founded "The Herald of Gospel Liberty" in 1808, which he claimed (in his autobiography) to be "the world's first religious newspaper".
 It was not the first in the world, but may have been the first in the U.S.
 The "Herald" had two purposes: (1) reporting news of revivals and (2) promoting "religious liberty", by which he meant an end to tax supported churches.
 (Several states had official tax supported churches at the time.)
The Missionary Catechists of Divine Providence are a religious institute of Catholic women founded in 1930 in the United States to serve the spiritual and social needs of the Mexican-American community there.
 They are engaged in religious ministry, in social service, and in diocesan and parish leadership positions in the Southwestern United States.
 They were the first religious congregation established to serve the needs of that population, and continue to do so through catechesis and social work among predominantly-Hispanic communities.
Religious skepticism is a type of skepticism relating to religion.
 Religious skeptics question religious authority and are not necessarily anti-religious but are those skeptical of a specific or all religious beliefs and/or practices.
 Some are deists, believing in a non-interventionist god(s) and rejecting mainstream religions.
 Socrates was one of the first religious skeptics of whom there are records; he questioned the legitimacy of the beliefs of his time in the existence of the Greek gods.
Min Sun (; 536–487?
 BC), also known by his courtesy name Ziqian (), was one of the most prominent disciples of Confucius.
 Confucius considered Min his second best disciple after Yan Hui, and commended him for his filial piety.
 His legend is included in the Confucian text "The Twenty-four Filial Exemplars".
The Congregation of the Sisters of the Good Samaritan, colloquially known as the "Good Sams", is a Roman Catholic congregation of religious women commenced by Bede Polding, OSB, Australia’s first Catholic bishop, in Sydney in 1857.
 The congregation was the first religious congregation to be founded in Australia.
 The sisters form an apostolic institute that follows the Rule of Saint Benedict.
 They take their name from the well-known gospel parable of the Good Samaritan.
