Mahonia is a genus of about 70 species of evergreen shrubs in the family Berberidaceae, native to eastern Asia, the Himalaya, North America, and Central America.
 They are closely related to the genus "Berberis".
 Botanists disagree on the acceptability of the genus name "Mahonia".
 Several authorities argue plants in this genus should be included in the genus "Berberis" because several species in both genera are able to hybridize, and because when the two genera are looked at as a whole, there is no consistent morphological separation except simple vs compound leaves.
 "Mahonia" typically have large, pinnate leaves 10–50 cm long with five to fifteen leaflets, and flowers in racemes which are 5–20 cm long.
Diplazium is a genus of ferns that specifically includes the approximately 400 known species of twinsorus ferns.
 The Greek root is "diplazein" meaning "double": the indusia in this genus lie on both sides of the vein.
 These ferns were earlier considered part of either the Athyriaceae, Dryopteridaceae, Aspleniaceae, or Polypodiaceae families but are often recognized as belonging to their own taxonomic family.
 The taxonomy of the genus is difficult and poorly known, and by 2009 has never been the subject of a complete monographic study.
 Their distribution is pantropical, with a few species extending into temperate areas.
Berberis moranensis is a shrub in the genus "Berberis" in the family Berberidaceae.
 Because of its compound leaves, some botanists place it in the genus "Mahonia".
 It is native to forested regions of the mountains of Mexico from Sinaloa and Guanajuato to Oaxaca.
 "Berberis moranensis" has thick waxy leaves, yellow flowers, and purple berries.
 This species is closely related to "Berberis pimana"
Berberis and Mahonia are two widespread and common members of the Berberidaceae, found in many countries.
 Botanists have for many years had no consensus on the classification, some preferring to treat the group as a single genus ("Berberis"), while others opt to separate the two groups into distinct genera.
 Therefore, many species have two scientific name, one in "Berberis", the other in "Mahonia", each used by botanists on one side the debate.
Berberis standleyi is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1952.
 It was published with the name "Mahonia glauca," a very different plant from "Berberis glauca."
 Thus if one desires to consider "Berberis" and "Mahonia" as one genus instead of two, it is necessary to use a different name, i.e. "Berberis standleyi".
