Mary Poppins is a musical with music and lyrics by the Sherman Brothers, with additional music and lyrics by George Stiles and Anthony Drewe, and a script by Julian Fellowes.
 The musical is based on the similarly titled Mary Poppins children's books by P. L. Travers and the 1964 Disney film, and is a fusion of various elements from the two.
Mary Poppins Opens the Door is a British children's fantasy novel by the Australian-British writer P.L. Travers, the third book and last novel in the "Mary Poppins" series that features the magical English nanny Mary Poppins.
 It was published in 1943 by Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc and illustrated by Mary Shepard and Agnes Sims.
Pamela Lyndon Travers, OBE ( ; born Helen Lyndon Goff; 9 August 1899 – 23 April 1996) was an Australian-born writer who spent most of her career in England.
 She is best known for the "Mary Poppins" series of children's books, which feature the magical nanny Mary Poppins.
Mary Poppins is a fictional character and the eponymous protagonist of P. L. Travers' "Mary Poppins" books and all of their adaptations.
 A magical English nanny, she blows in on the East Wind and arrives at the Banks home at Number Seventeen Cherry Tree Lane, London, where she is given charge of the Banks children and teaches them valuable lessons with a magical touch.
 Travers gives Poppins the accent and vocabulary of a real London nanny: cockney base notes overlaid with a strangled gentility.
"Chim Chim Cher-ee" is a song from "Mary Poppins", the 1964 musical motion picture.
 It was originally sung by Dick Van Dyke and Julie Andrews, and also is featured in the Cameron Mackintosh/Disney "Mary Poppins" musical.
 The song can be heard in the "Mary Poppins" scene of The Great Movie Ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios and during the "Mary Poppins" segment of "" at Disneyland.
Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical-fantasy film directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Walt Disney, with songs written and composed by the Sherman Brothers.
 The screenplay is by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi, loosely based on P. L. Travers' book series "Mary Poppins".
 The film, which combines live-action and animation, stars Julie Andrews in the role of Mary Poppins who visits a dysfunctional family in London and employs her unique brand of lifestyle to improve the family's dynamic.
 Dick Van Dyke, David Tomlinson, and Glynis Johns are featured in supporting roles.
 The film was shot entirely at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California using painted London background scenes.
Saving Mr. Banks is a 2013 period drama film directed by John Lee Hancock from a screenplay written by Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith.
 Centered on the development of the 1964 film "Mary Poppins", the film stars Emma Thompson as author P. L. Travers and Tom Hanks as filmmaker Walt Disney, with supporting performances by Paul Giamatti, Jason Schwartzman, Bradley Whitford, and Colin Farrell.
 Deriving its title from the father in Travers' story, "Saving Mr. Banks" depicts the author's fortnight-long meetings during 1961 in Los Angeles, during which Disney attempts to obtain the screen rights to her novels.
Mary Poppins, Goodbye (Russian: Мэри Поппинс, до свидания!
 ; translit.
 "Meri Poppins, do svidaniya") is a Soviet 1983 two-part musical miniseries (part 1 "Lady Perfection", part 2 "Week ends on Wednesday"), directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze.
 It is loosely based on Mary Poppins stories by P. L. Travers.
 The TV series were ordered by the Gosteleradio of USSR and produced by Mosfilm.
 The official television premiere was on January 8, 1984.
Mary Eleanor Jessie Knox née Shepard (25 December 1909 – 4 September 2000) was an English illustrator of children's books.
 She is best known for the "Mary Poppins" stories written by P. L. Travers (1934 to 1988): "Mary Shepard: Putting Mary Poppins in the picture", "The Times" of London titled an obituary article.
 She used her married name Mary Knox outside the publishing industry.
"Mary Poppins" is a series of children's books written by P.L. Travers.
