Blue Moves is the eleventh official album release by Elton John.
 It was released in October 1976.
 It was John's second double album (after "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road") and the first to be released by his own label, Rocket Records Ltd.
 Despite the album's darker tone and a wave of negative reviews, on its release it reached no. 3 on the charts, partly on the strength of the its biggest hit single "Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word".
"Ease on Down the Road" is a song from the 1975 Broadway musical "The Wiz", an R&B re-interpretation of L. Frank Baum's "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz".
 The Charlie Smalls–composed tune is the show's version of both "Follow the Yellow Brick Road" and "We're Off to See the Wizard" from the 1939 version of "The Wizard of Oz".
 In the song, performed three times during the show, Dorothy and her friends the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and the Cowardly Lion dance their way down the Yellow Brick Road and give each other words of encouragement.
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road is the seventh studio album by Elton John, released in 1973.
 The album proved to be extremely popular, selling over 30 million copies worldwide, and is regarded as one of his best.
 It was recorded at the Château d'Hérouville in France after problems recording at the intended location of Jamaica.
 Among the 17 tracks, the album contains the hits "Candle in the Wind", "Bennie and the Jets", "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" and "Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting" plus "Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding" and "Harmony".
"Bennie and the Jets" (also titled as "Benny & the Jets") is a song composed by Elton John and Bernie Taupin.
 The song first appeared on the "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" album in 1973.
 "Bennie and the Jets" has been one of John's most popular songs and was performed during John's appearance at Live Aid.
 The track is spelled "Benny" on the sleeve of the single and in the track listing of the album, but "Bennie" on the album vinyl disc label.
"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" is a ballad performed by musician Elton John.
 Lyrics for the song were written by Bernie Taupin and the music composed by John for his album "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road".
 Its musical style and production were heavily influenced by 1970s soft rock.
 It was widely praised by critics, and some critics have named it John's best song.
Family Christian Center, commonly abbreviated to FCC, is a megachurch located in Munster, Indiana.
 It was founded in the early 1950s by Bishop Frank Munsey and his wife, Ruth.
 Today, Steve Munsey is the senior pastor at Family Christian Center.
 The nondenominational church has 30,000 members, and even has a Starbucks in the lobby.
 Drama is used to supplement the preaching, such as by reenacting a battle scene to commemorate the beginning of the second Gulf War.
 The church also put on 3 yearly productions - "Choices" (formerly known as Hotel Hallelujah), "Scrooge: The Musical", and "Jesus of Nazareth".
 Other productions, such as Yellow Brick Road and White Throne Judgement, have been done also over the years.
 FCC is one of the fastest growing churches in the United States.
 Beginning with Saturday evening and continuing through Sunday morning, FCC holds four services each lasting 90 minutes.
 There is also 2 services at 5 and 7 each Wednesday night.
 It now features a church in the back gymnasium for teenagers and young adults called Two52 Youthculture.
 The church also features a radio station(88.3 FM Crosstower radio) and can be heard within 12 miles of the building in Munster.
 FCC has also branched off into the city of Chicago.
 City Church is run by Pastor Kent Munsey, Pastor Steve Munsey's son, and Kent's wife Alli.
 City Church holds three services on Sundays, two in the morning and one in the evening.
"Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting" (sometimes written "Saturday Night's Alright (For Fighting)") is a song originally recorded by British musician Elton John.
 John composed it with his long-time song-writing partner Bernie Taupin.
 It was released on John's 1973 studio album "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" and as the first single.
 The song is one of John's most critically and commercially successful singles, a #7 hit record in the singer's native United Kingdom.
 It has been covered by W.A.S.P., Flotsam and Jetsam, Nickelback (with Kid Rock and Dimebag Darrell), Queen, The Who, Fall Out Boy, and several others.
Follow the Yellow Brick Road is a television play by Dennis Potter, first broadcast in 1972 as part of BBC Two's "The Sextet" series of eight plays featuring the same six actors.
 The play's central theme is of popular culture becoming the inheritor of religious scripture, which anticipated Potter's later serial "Pennies from Heaven" (1978).
 The play's title is taken from the song used in "The Wizard of Oz", another version of which features in the incidental music.
Follow the Yellow Brick Road Tour is a concert tour by British musician Elton John taking place in North America and Europe in promotion of the 40th anniversary re-release of 1973's Goodbye Yellow Brick Road.
The Apprentice Australia is an Australian reality television series which aired on the Nine Network.
 It was based on NBC's "The Apprentice".
 It first aired on 28 September 2009 and last aired on 23 November 2009, and features Mark Bouris, the founder and chairman of Wizard Home Loans and Yellow Brick Road, as the chief executive officer (CEO).
 It is narrated by Andrew Daddo, and the series' winner received a one-year employment contract worth $200,000 at a job managing Bouris' newest business venture, Yellow Brick Road.
