Cadwallader Creek is an important tributary of the Hurley River in the Bridge River Country of the British Columbia Interior, Canada, most notable for its role as the home of the Bralorne and Pioneer Mines and associated gold claims and workings.
 Less than twenty miles in length, the creek is joined by Noel Creek within the area of the town of Bralorne, and just below Bralorne joins the Hurley River just above Hurley Falls and that river's ten-mile canyon prior to its own confluence with the Bridge River near the town Gold Bridge.
 Standard Creek, a short tributary of Cadwallader Creek near its upper end, connects via McGillvray Pass to the creek of the same name and, on Anderson Lake far below, the resort townlet of McGillivray Falls.
 One-time plans to build a cog railway to the mines from the Pacific Great Eastern at McGillivary Falls were never fulfilled.
Paradise Creek (1989–2011) was a millionaire American Thoroughbred racehorse and successful sire.
 He was bred in Kentucky by Bertram R. Firestone and raced under the same Firestone banner as his owner.
 He finished racing with a record of 14-7-1 in 25 starts with career earnings of $3,401,415.
 Paradise Creek was best known for his wins in the grade one Washington, D.C. International Stakes and the grade one Arlington Million.
 In 1994 he became the only horse ever to have won both prestigious turf races of the United States.
Turkey Creek is a creek and tributary of the Econlockhatchee River located in the community of Narcoossee in Southeast Orlando, in the U.S. State of Florida.
 The source of the 3 mi river is Turkey Creek Bay, which is the northern beginning of the Econlockhatchee River Swamp that extends to Lake Conlin, the source of the Econlockhatchee River.
 From Turkey Creek Bay, the creek flows north and goes under Wewahootee Road and then State Road 528, commonly known as the "Beachline Expressway".
 A tributary of the creek itself, the Green Branch, joins Turkey Creek at about 1100 ft before Turkey Creek joins the Econlockhatchee at .
The Estrella River is a 28.5 mi tributary river in eastern San Luis Obispo County, California.
 The river forms at the confluence of Cholame Creek, from the north, and San Juan Creek, from the south, near the town of Shandon.
 From there it flows west-northwest to its confluence with the Salinas River, of which it is a tributary, 8 miles (12.8 km) north of Paso Robles.
 Cholame Creek has its headwaters on the southwest side of Middle Mountain and its tributary, Little Cholame Creek, begins on the northeast side.
 The creek drains the Cholame Valley, which is bordered by Diablo Range on the east and Cholame Hills, a northern extension of the Temblor Range, on the west.
 The average precipitation in the area ranges from 11 to , increasing northward.
Cedar Creek is an 11.2 mi tributary of the South Fork Eel River in Mendocino County in the U.S. state of California.
 The creek begins southeast of Red Mountain, at an elevation of 778 ft .
 It makes an S-curve west-northwest then bends sharply south, dropping into the valley of the South Fork Eel.
 The confluence is south of the city of Leggett, on the river's right bank.
 The only named tributary of Cedar Creek is Little Cedar Creek, a headwaters tributary.
 Big Dann Creek joins the South Fork Eel on the same bank, just upstream of Cedar Creek, while the next major tributary downstream of Cedar is Rock Creek.
 The Cedar Creek watershed is rugged and has few tributaries.
The Ventura River, located in western Ventura County in southern California, United States, flows through an eponymous narrow valley with steeply sloped sides.
 The smallest of the three major rivers in Ventura County, the Ventura River main stem begins at the confluence of Matilija Creek and North Fork Matilija Creek, 16.2 mi from the Pacific Ocean.
 Matilija Creek is Ventura River's most significant headwater and tributary, and adds 17.3 miles to the length of the river's main drainage.
 San Antonio Creek, the river's second most significant tributary, joins the river from the east halfway to the ocean; Coyote Creek enters the river from the west and Cañada Larga Creek from the east a few of miles downstream.
 In its final stretch, the Ventura River flows through the Ventura River estuary, which extends from about the 101 Freeway bridge to the Pacific Ocean.
Tomichi Creek is a 71.8 mi tributary of the Gunnison River in Gunnison County, Colorado.
 Tomichi Creek originates north and west of Monarch Pass and flows to the southwest along the base of Monarch Mountain.
 Congress Creek drains into Tomichi west of Old Monarch Pass where it flows south toward Sargents.
 Agape Creek flows into Tomichi just north of Sargents where Marshall Creek flows from Marshall Pass.
 Just below Sargents, Long Branch Creek, flowing out of Baldy Lake from the south, enters Tomichi Creek which takes a westward course where Needle Creek Reservoir drains into Tomichi east of Doyleville.
 Hot Springs Reservoir drains down Wanita Canyon flowing into Tomichi Creek just west of Doyleville.
 The Tomichi Valley is a semi-wide valley allowing Tomichi Creek to meander and split into several waterways creating an excellent livestock range and being largely private ranch lands.
 At Parlin, Quartz Creek flows from Pitkin and Ohio into Tomichi Creek.
 Tomichi continues its westward journey, slightly northwest, where the Cochetopa Creek drains into Tomichi at State Highway 114 from the south at the intersection of U.S. Highway 50 and continues west to Gunnison where it enters the Gunnison River.
 A map can be viewed at the BLM Colorado website here.
Cow Creek is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 35 mi long, in north central Montana in the United States.
 Cow Creek rises in the southern foothills of the Bear Paw Mountains in western Blaine County and flows east and then south, joining the Missouri approximately 25 mi northeast of Winifred, Montana—or 22 mi upstream from the Fred Robinson Bridge.
 Cow Creek flows down to the Missouri in a canyon that passes through the Missouri Breaks, which are severely eroded badlands that extend out on either side from the Missouri River.
 The floor of Cow Creek canyon provided a pathway of travel from the Montana plains north of the river, down to the Missouri – at the mouth of Cow Creek, Cow Island made fording the Missouri easier – a steep but short trail on the south bank of the Missouri opposite Cow Creek completed this route which led from the northern Montana plains to the central and southern Montana plains.
 This pathway was used by migrating buffalo/bison and nomadic American Natives for centuries.
 During the steamboat era on the Missouri River, when low water prevented riverboats getting up to Fort Benton, the mouth of Cow Creek became a river landing and freighting depot, and it was the start of the Cow Island Trail by which freight was moved on to Fort Benton by going north up Cow Creek and then west.
 In 1877 the Nez Perce Indian Tribe, fleeing to Canada, had several skirmishes along Cow Creek including the "Battle of Cow Island", and several days later at a camp on Cow Creek the Nez Perce, thinking themselves now beyond the reach of the U.S. Army, made the fateful decision to slow down, rather than push on for the Canada–US border.
 Today, modern highways have by passed Cow Creek, and the buffalo and the nomadic Indian are gone.
 Cow Creek is dormant, in one of the most remote spots of the isolated regions of the vast area known as the Montana Missouri Breaks.
The East Branch South Fork Eel River, a tributary of the South Fork Eel River, is formed by the confluence of Cruso Cabin Creek and Elkhorn Creek, in Mendocino County in the U.S. state of California.
 The river is roughly 25 mi long, meandering west to its confluence with the South Fork Eel at Benbow Lake State Recreation Area.
 Major tributaries of the East Branch include Buck Mountain Creek, Squaw Creek, Rays Creek, and Tom Long Creek.
 The river flows west, turns north, and flows west again, through rugged terrain in the Coast Range of California.
 The East Branch is the South Fork Eel's largest tributary.
Paradise Creek is a 9.6 mi tributary of Brodhead Creek in the Poconos of eastern Pennsylvania in the United States.
