Mr. Wimpy is a platforming video game released by Ocean Software in 1984.
 The game was intended to be a promotional tie with Wimpy restaurants as their logos, company mascots, and theme tunes were reproduced.
 The game was released on the Oric 1, ZX Spectrum, BBC Micro and Commodore 64.
 The gameplay is similar to the video game "BurgerTime".
Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc is the third major platform game installment in the "Rayman" series.
 It tells the story of how Rayman stops André, an evil black lum, from taking over the world with his army of sack-like "Hoodlum" soldiers.
 Unlike the game's predecessor, "Rayman 3" took a more light-hearted turn, it has sarcastic self-referential undertones and pokes fun at the platforming video game genre.
 It was released for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows by Ubi Soft in 2003 and OS X by Feral Interactive in 2004.
 A remastered HD version of the game was released for PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade in 2012.
 2D versions were developed for the Game Boy Advance and N-Gage.
 A follow up game, "", was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2005.
 This would be the last main series "Rayman" game to be released until "Rayman Origins" in 2011.
 The game is also the latest in the series to be in 3D.
Prince of Persia is an action-adventure and platforming video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft.
 It is part of the "Prince of Persia" franchise.
 The game was released in the United States on December 2, 2008 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and on December 9, 2008 for Microsoft Windows.
 It was later released on March 24, 2009 for Mac OS X via the Cider engine.
Earthworm Jim is a series of side-scrolling platforming video games, the first game of which was released in 1994.
 The series is noted for its platforming and shooting gameplay, surrealist humor, and edgy art style.
 Four games were released in the series: "Earthworm Jim", "Earthworm Jim 2", "Earthworm Jim 3D", and "".
 The series lay dormant for almost a decade before Gameloft remade the original game in HD for PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade in 2010.
 Interplay announced an "Earthworm Jim 4" in 2008, but little has surfaced since.
Castlevania: Legacy of Darkness is an action-adventure platforming video game, that was developed and published by Konami for the Nintendo 64.
 It was first released in North America on November 30, 1999 and is a prequel and expanded version to the first "Castlevania" game on the Nintendo 64, but also contains a remake of the original game with improved graphics, added villains, and alternate versions of some levels.
Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow is a side-scrolling platforming video game developed and published by Konami for the Game Boy Advance.
 It is the third and final installment of the "Castlevania" series on the Game Boy Advance and was released in North America on May 6, 2003 and in Japan on May 8, 2003.
 Producer Koji Igarashi, who had led the production teams for previous Castlevania titles, led Aria of Sorrow's development as well.
 Michiru Yamane also returned to compose the music for the game alongside Takashi Yoshida and Soshiro Hokkai.
 Director Junichi Murakami was new to the Castlevania series.
Virtual Boy Wario Land (Japanese: バーチャルボーイワリオランド　アワゾンの秘宝 , Hepburn: Bācharu Bōi Wario Rando: Awazon no Hihō ) is a platforming video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Virtual Boy game system in 1995.
 It stars Wario in a platforming adventure quite similar to most of his other starring roles.
Banjo-Kazooie: Grunty's Revenge is a 2003 platforming video game developed by Rare and published by THQ for the Game Boy Advance.
 The game was released in North America on 10 September 2003 and in Europe on 24 October 2003.
 "Banjo-Kazooie: Grunty's Revenge" is a spin-off game in the "Banjo-Kazooie" series and takes place two months after the events of "Banjo-Kazooie" for the Nintendo 64.
 The game also contains a time travel plot; its story actually takes place before the events of "Banjo-Kazooie" as well.
 "Banjo-Kazooie: Grunty's Revenge" used an overhead platform design similar to "Conker's Pocket Tales" to replicate the 3-D feel of the console entries in the series, but on a smaller scale.
Vexx is a 2003 platforming video game developed by Acclaim Studios Austin and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, GameCube and Xbox video game consoles.
 The game was released in North America on February 11, 2003 and in Europe on April 4, 2003.
 The objective consists of collecting magical hearts and unlocking more worlds to play, defeating enemies and jumping across platforms.
 Vexx is armed only with the legendary Astani war talons, which give him the power to defeat his enemies, as well as fly and swim under water.
Tak and the Power of Juju is a 2003 action-adventure platforming video game developed by Avalanche Software and published by THQ for the GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance.
 The game was released in North America on October 15, 2003 and in Europe on March 12, 2004.
 The Game Boy Advance version was also released on a Triple Pack cartridge bundled with "" and "" in 2005.
 The game spawned two direct sequels, "" and "" as well as two indirect sequels, "Tak and the Guardians of Gross" and "".
