Sir Roger de Leybourne (1215–1271) was an English soldier and landowner.
 He was the son of another Sir Roger de Leybourne and his wife Eleanor, the daughter and heir of Stephen of Thornham.
 In 1199 when the elder Roger was still a minor his wardship was sold to Thornham for 300 marks.
 The elder Roger then joined the rebels at the start of the First Barons' War in 1215, being captured in November at the siege of Rochester Castle, paying 250 marks for his release.
 After the death of the elder Roger some time before 1251 his son William de Leybourne inherited seven Knight's fees in Kent and Oxfordshire, as well as substantial debts, which were only cancelled in 1253 by Henry III.
Roger de (or of) Coverley (also Sir Roger de Coverley or ...Coverly) is the name of an English country dance and a Scottish country dance (also known as "The Haymakers").
 An early version was published in The Dancing Master, 9th edition (1695).
 The Virginia Reel is probably related to it.
 The name refers to a fox, and the dance's steps are reminiscent of a hunted fox going in and out of cover.
Roger de Montgomerie (died 1094), also known as Roger the Great de Montgomery, was the first Earl of Shrewsbury, and Earl of Arundel, Sussex.
 His father was Roger de Montgomery, seigneur of Montgomery, and was a relative, probably a grandnephew, of the Duchess Gunnor, wife of Duke Richard I of Normandy.
 The elder Roger had large holdings in central Normandy, chiefly in the valley of the Dives, which the younger Roger inherited.
Spencer Thomas de Grey, CBE RIBA is a British architect.
 He was born in 1944 in Farnham, Surrey, son of artists Capt. Sir Roger de Grey and Flavia Hatt Irwin.
 He married Hon. Amanda Lucy Annan, daughter of Noel Annan, Baron Annan, in 1977 and has two children.
Sir Robert de Hellewell was a member of the Folville Gang that slew the corrupt Baron of the Exchequer, Sir Roger de Beler and was Rutland's MP in 1340.
Roger de Montbegon (Roger de Mumbezon, Roger de Mont Begon) (died 1226) was a landowner in northern England (especially or particularly Lancashire), Baron of Hornby, and one of the Magna Carta sureties.
Sir Roger de Kirkpatrick of Closeburn (fl.
 14th century) was a Scottish gentleman, a 3rd cousin and associate of Robert the Bruce, and a 1st cousin of Sir William Wallace.
 He was born circa 1280 at the Kirkpatrick stronghold of Closeburn Castle.
Lieut-General Sir Roger William Henry Palmer, 5th Baronet (1832-1910), was a senior officer in the British Army and the Anglo-Irish Conservative MP for Mayo.
 Sir Roger was the last of the Palmer baronets of Castle Lackin, Co.
 Mayo, who owned, in addition to some 115,000 acres of land, Kenure House, Rush, County Dublin, Castle Lackin in Mayo, Cefn Park in Wrexham and Glenisland House in Maidenhead.
Sir Roger la Zouch was the instigator of the assassination of the corrupt Baron of the Exchequer Roger de Beler and also MP for Leicestershire in 1324, 1331 and 1337 and Sheriff of Warwickshire and Leicestershire during the 1330s.
The title of Baron Grey de Ruthyn (or Ruthin) was a noble title created in the Peerage of England by writ of summons in 1324 for Sir Roger de Grey, a son of John, 2nd Baron Grey of Wilton, and has been in abeyance since 1963.
 Historically, this branch of the Grey family was seated at Ruthyn Castle in Wales.
