Liam McEwan (born 1995) is an award winning television presenter, radio host and social media personality from Auckland, New Zealand.
 He currently resides in Los Angeles, California, and is working with J-14 Magazine, Twist (magazine), M Magazine, and FHM with a focus on celebrity interviews, music, entertainment, and social media.
Euroman is a Danish monthly men's lifestyle and fashion magazine headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 It is subtitled "the Only Original Magazine for Danish Men".
Gafencu Men is a monthly men's lifestyle magazine published in Hong Kong and mainland China.
FHM was a UK monthly men's lifestyle magazine.
 It contained features such as the "FHM" 100 Sexiest Women in the World, which has featured models, TV presenters, reality stars and singers.
FHM India is the Indian edition of the British monthly men's lifestyle magazine called "FHM".
 It is now published in India by TCG Media Limited and is the 32nd international edition of "FHM".
 The first issue of the Indian edition of "FHM" was the October 2007.
Men's Journal is a monthly men's lifestyle magazine focused on outdoor recreation and comprising editorials on the outdoors, environmental issues, health and fitness, style and fashion, and gear.
 It was founded in 1992 by Jann Wenner of Wenner Media, who sought to create a publication for "active, accomplished men to fuel an adventurous and discerning lifestyle".
 Wenner Media sold "Men's Journal" to American Media, Inc. in 2017.
FHM was the Australian edition of the British monthly men's lifestyle magazine called "FHM".
 The magazine was published between April 1998 and May 2012 in Australia.
Beat Instrumental was a UK monthly pop and rock magazine.
 First published in May 1963 as "Beat Monthly" it became "Beat Instrumental Monthly" with issue 18 and "Beat Instrumental" from issue 37.
 Like the weekly "Melody Maker" it aimed at musicians, emphasizing instruments, production and equipment in its interviews and moving easily to progressive rock in the late 1960s.
 It disappeared in 1980.
Street Cred Magazine is a multi-cultural urban entertainment and lifestyle magazine based in England's second largest city, Birmingham.
 It was founded in 1997 by Mark Dwayne, who at the time was a young singer/songwriter looking to promote himself in the UK.
 He took the idea of promoting himself using print marketing to a higher level by introducing a product that also helped to market local talent.
 The magazine grew from a one-page supplement in the Community Enterprise Newspaper to a 100-page glossy title within a few years.
 Its demographic targets 16- to 30-year-olds interested in the music, fashion and entertainment lifestyle.
 Now running for 14 years, it has over 400,000 monthly readers in the UK and is available free of charge to a worldwide audience online at streetcredmagazine.com.
Maxim is the Australian edition of the United Kingdom-based international monthly men's magazine called "Maxim".
 It is known for its revealing pictorials featuring popular actresses, singers, and female models, none of which are nudes. Largely covering everything related to men's lifestyle, "Maxim" is currently the industry leader for men's magazines in Australia.
