Galata (in Greek was known as Galatás, Γαλατᾶς) was a neighbourhood opposite Constantinople (today's Istanbul, Turkey), located at the northern shore of the Golden Horn, the inlet which separates it from the historic peninsula of old Constantinople.
 The Golden Horn is crossed by several bridges, most notably the Galata Bridge.
 The medieval citadel of Galata was a colony of the Republic of Genoa between 1273 and 1453.
 The famous Galata Tower was built by the Genoese in 1348 at the northernmost and highest point of the citadel.
 At present, Galata is a quarter within the borough of Beyoğlu (Pera) in Istanbul, and is known as Karaköy.
The Yeni Cami (pronounced "Yeni jami"), meaning New Mosque; originally named the Valide Sultan Mosque (Turkish: "Valide Sultan Camii" ) and later New Valide Sultan Mosque (Turkish: "Yeni Valide Sultan Camii" ) after its partial reconstruction and completion between 1660 and 1665; is an Ottoman imperial mosque located in the Eminönü quarter of Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is situated on the Golden Horn, at the southern end of the Galata Bridge, and is one of the famous architectural landmarks of Istanbul.
Vefa is a quarter in Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is part of the district of Fatih and managed as borough of Mollahüsrev, inside the walled city.
 It belonged to the district of Eminönü between 1928 and 2008.
 It lies roughly northwest of the eastern section of the Aqueduct of Valens, and is rich of monuments, both Byzantine, like the mosques of Kalenderhane and Vefa Kilise, and Ottoman, like the Süleymaniye Mosque.
 It is a picturesque quarter, home of the Vefa SK, one of the historic soccer clubs of Istanbul, and of the oldest Boza shop of the city still active.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque or Sultan Ahmet Mosque (Turkish: "Sultan Ahmet Camii" ) is a historic mosque located in Istanbul, Turkey.
 A popular tourist site, the Sultan Ahmed Mosque continues to function as a mosque today; men still kneel in prayer on the mosque's lush red carpet after the call to prayer.
 The Blue Mosque, as it is popularly known, was constructed between 1609 and 1616 during the rule of Ahmed I.
 Its Külliye contains Ahmed's tomb, a madrasah and a hospice.
 Hand-painted blue tiles adorn the mosque’s interior walls, and at night the mosque is bathed in blue as lights frame the mosque’s five main domes, six minarets and eight secondary domes.
 It sits next to the Hagia Sophia, another popular tourist site.
Haji Alakbar Mosque (Azerbaijani: "Hacı Ələkbər məscidi" ) is an Azerbaijani mosque located in Fizuli, Karabakh region of Azerbaijan southwest of capital Baku but is currently under control of Armenian forces since the occupation of Fizuli in 1993.
 The mosque is also spelt as Haji Alekber Mosque.
 The region of Fizuli came into existence as administrative unit in 1827.
 The Haji Alakbar mosque was constructed in 1890 by renowned architect of the time Karbalayi Safikhan Karabakhi who also built Yukhari Govhar Agha Mosque and Ashaghi Govhar Agha Mosque in Shusha, Agdam Mosque in Agdam, mosques in Horadiz and Qocahmadli villages, Tatar mosque in Odessa, Ukraine and Qababaghlilar Mosque in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
 This monument of Islamic architecture is among 300 religious monuments of Karabakh and is famous for its structure along with Qiyas ad Din Mosque, also located in Fizuli.
 The current condition of the mosque is unknown due to ongoing occupation of Fizuli by Armenian armed forces.
 It is suspected that the mosques were destroyed by Armenians after 1993.
Süleymaniye usually refers to the Süleymaniye Mosque, a 16th-century Ottoman mosque in Istanbul.
The Süleymaniye Mosque (Turkish: "Süleymaniye Camii" , ] ) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located on the Third Hill of Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is the second largest mosque in the city, and one of the best-known sights of Istanbul.
The Ashkenazi Synagogue (Turkish: "Eşkenazi Sinagogu" ) is an Ashkenazi synagogue located near the Galata Tower in Karaköy neighborhood of Beyoğlu in Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is the only currently active Ashkenazi synagogue in Istanbul open to visits and prayers.
 The synagogue was founded by Jews of Austrian origin in 1900.
 It is also the last remaining synagogue from a total of three built by Ashkenazim, as the population of Ashkenazi Jews accounts for 4 percent of the total Jewish population of Turkey.
 Visits to the synagogue can be made during weekday mornings and for Shabbat services on Saturday mornings.
The Galata Tower ("Galata Kulesi" in Turkish) — called "Christea Turris" (the "Tower of Christ" in Latin) by the Genoese — is a medieval stone tower in the Galata/Karaköy quarter of Istanbul, Turkey, just to the north of the Golden Horn's junction with the Bosphorus.
 One of the city's most striking landmarks, it is a high, cone-capped cylinder that dominates the skyline and offers a panoramic vista of Istanbul's historic peninsula and its environs.
The Great Mosque of Testour (Arabic: الجامع الكبير بتستور‎ ‎ ) is a historical Tunisian mosque located in the city of Testour in Beja Governorate, 76 km from the capital city of Tunis.
 The great mosque is located in the center of the old city.
 It embodies the Andalusian architecture, especially its minaret, which features Andalusian style inscriptions and architectural elements.
 The height of the minaret is 23 meters and it is an octagonal shape.
 The facade of the minaret are opened with small double windows decorated with glazed inscriptions and a mechanical clock at the top.
 Its appearance is resembling the Aragonese bell towers in southern Spain.
 The prayer hall, in addition to the sahn located in the center of the mosque, can accommodate up to 1000 worshipers.
 The construction of the mosque used limestone, Spanish sand and marble in addition to colored porcelain and tiles used in the construction of the mihrab.
 The mosque dates back to 1631, and its patron is Muhammad Tigharinu.
