Return Creek is a stream in the northeast part of Yosemite National Park, in Tuolumne County, California, and is a tributary of the Tuolumne River.
 About 13 mi in length, it is the first major tributary to join downstream of Tuolumne Meadows.
 The creek begins at Return Lake on the Sierra Crest, near Virginia Pass, and flows initially east before turning southwest and joining with McCabe Creek and Spiller Creek.
 On its path to the Tuolumne River the creek has carved out the 2000 ft deep Virginia Canyon, which was enlarged to its present shape by glaciation.
 After its confluence with Matterhorn Creek it flows south-southwest to its confluence with the Tuolumne River, about a quarter mile (400 m) below Waterwheel Falls.
Dairy Creek is a 10.55 mi tributary of the Tualatin River in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 It begins at the confluence of its east and west forks near the unincorporated community of Schefflin and meanders southeast across the Tualatin Valley to the Tualatin River near Hillsboro, in Washington County.
 East Fork Dairy Creek begins at in Columbia County, slightly north of its border with Washington County, and flows generally south for 22 mi .
 West Fork Dairy Creek, also about 22 mi long, forms at , near the unincorporated community of Tophill, and flows generally southeast.
 Before railroads displaced river boats on the Tualatin, some steamships also worked the lower section of Dairy Creek, with plans to go as far up stream as Centerville.
The Deckers Creek Trail is a rail trail located in West Virginia.
Cascade is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States.
 Cascade is located along West Virginia Route 7, Deckers Creek, and a CSX Railroad line 1.2 mi northwest of Morgantown.
Deckers Creek is a 24.6 mi tributary of the Monongahela River that runs through north-central West Virginia.
 It begins west of Arthurdale and flows southeast, then north, then northwest towards Morgantown, where it empties into the Monongahela River.
 The stream has been contaminated by various sources, though largely due to extractive resource mining and improper sewage disposal.
 Recently, a conservation effort has been launched and conditions are improving, as the area continues to develop for recreational purposes.
Upper Deckers Creek Wildlife Management Area, is located about 1 mi north of Reedsville, West Virginia in Preston County.
 Upper Deckers Creek WMA is located on 56 acre , consisting of two small fishing ponds and surrounding forested rolling hills.
Edgewood Manor is located in Clarksburg, West Virginia on the east side of US Route 19 and State Route 20 North just one-fourth of a mile off of the West Pike Street Exit off Route 50.
 Another much older house of the same name, Edgewood (Bunker Hill, West Virginia), where a Confederate general died in 1863, is located far to the east in another West Virginia county.
Ganargua Creek, also known as Mud Creek, is a main tributary which feeds the Erie Canal and Clyde River in Wayne County, New York, United States.
 The creek begins just east of the village of Victor in nearby Ontario County and meanders approximately 34 miles (55 kilometers) from west to east before emptying into the Erie Canal in the hamlet of Lyons.
 Ganargua Creek is actually split into two sections as it runs concurrent with the Erie Canal for about 3 miles (5 kilometers) near the village of Palmyra.
 Numerous tributaries feed Ganargua Creek along its route.
Fritztown is an unincorporated community in South Heidelberg and Spring Township, Berks County.
 It is located along Fritztown Road to the west of U.S. Route 222 and approximately 2 miles NE of the Berks and Lancaster County line and 3.4 miles SW of Sinking Spring.
 The Cacoosing Creek begins here and drains northeastward into the Tulpehocken Creek, a tributary of the Schuylkill River.
 The area is seeing a population growth due to new sub-divisions being built around the community.
 It is served by the Sinking Spring branch of the Reading post office with the zip code of 19608.
 
Mill Creek is a large stream in northern California.
 It is an eastside tributary of the Sacramento River, draining an area of 134 sqmi and flowing for 56.5 mi .
 The creek begins in Shasta County, California, but almost immediately flows into Tehama County, California.
 The creek's source is a thermal spring at an elevation of 8200 ft in Lassen Volcanic National Park.
 At first, the creek flows roughly south while meandering to the east and west, but the lower two-thirds of the creek flow roughly southwest until it reaches the Sacramento River at an elevation of only 200 ft , just north of Los Molinos, California.
