Borre Golfbane was opened with nine holes in 1990 and 18 holes the following year.
 In 2005 the course opened nine new holes, which were added to the first nine along lake Borrevannet.
Strathlene at Findochty, near Buckie, is one of the oldest golf courses in Scotland.
 It was established in 1877 and is home to Strathlene Buckie Golf Club.
 The ground was given to the town by Mr Bryson the factor of Seafield Estates at that time.
 The original 9 holes were created between Portessie and Strathlene House, where 2 of the holes were situated in the area which is now the Caravan Site.
 The original clubhouse was situated at the entrance to Portessie railway Station.
 In 1936 the course was extended to 18 holes with the purchase of ground on the headland between Strathlene and the village of Findochty, and was designed by Mr George Smith of Lossiemouth.
The 1956 Canada Cup took place 24–26 June on the West Course at the Wentworth Club in Virginia Water, Surrey, England.
 It was the fourth Canada Cup event, which became the World Cup in 1967.
 The tournament was a 72-hole stroke play team event with 29 teams.
 The Scandinavian team that had competed in 1954 and 1955 was replaced by teams from Denmark and Sweden, while there were new teams from Chinese Taipei, Portugal and South Korea.
 Each team consisted of two players from a country.
 The combined score of each team determined the team results.
 18 holes were played on the first two days with 36 holes played on the final day.
 Because of the time taken to play each round, a cut was introduced after the second day, with only the leading 20 teams competing on the final day.
 An 18-hole consolation event was held for the remaining 9 teams.
 There was provision for an individual in one of these 9 teams to complete the 72 holes if they were well-placed after the second day.
Hillside Golf Club is a golf club located in Southport, England.
 The Club was founded in 1911.
 Classed as a "links" course, because of the type of vegetation and geography, it runs over 18 holes and about 7,000 yards, all the holes being between and on mainly large dunes and local indigenous pinewoods, typical of the immediate coastal area.
 The second group of nine holes, the "back nine" is often thought by professional golfers to be quite challenging.
 The Club has hosted, in its history, a number of UK chamionships, and also including qualifying rounds for the Open.
The McGregor Trophy was founded as a boys golf tournament in 1982 at the Radcliffe-on-Trent Golf Club by Roy Case, later to become president of the English Golf Union.
 The trophy was donated by Matt and Kathy McGregor, former captains of the club.
 The competition was adopted in 1993 by the English Golf Union as the English Boys Under 16 Open Amateur Stroke-Play Championship.
 It is now played at various venues around England, but returns to Radcliffe-on-Trent Golf Club at five year intervals reflecting the inauguration of the trophy at this course.
 It is open to golfers of all nationalities in possession of a playing handicap not exceeding 5.4 under the CONGU Unified Handicapping System or a comparable scheme operated by a recognised overseas Golf Union, Federation or Association.
 It consists of 72 holes of stroke play over three days, 18 holes being played on each of the first two days.
 After 36 holes, the leading 40 competitors and all those tying for 40th place play a further 36 holes on the third day.
A golf course is the grounds where the game of golf is played.
 It comprises a series of holes, each consisting of a teeing ground, a fairway, the rough and other hazards, and a green with a flagstick ("pin") and hole ("cup").
 A standard round of golf consists of 18 holes.
 Most courses contain 18 holes; some share fairways or greens, and a subset has nine holes, played twice per round.
 Par-3 courses consist of nine or 18 holes all of which have a par of three strokes.
A Shotgun start is a golf tournament format in which all groups of players tee off simultaneously from different holes.
 Each hole on a course will be the tee off hole for each foursome.
 Group 1 would start from hole 1, Group 2 from hole 2, etc.
 Each group starts play at the same time.
 A shotgun start will allow a tournament to end at the same time it takes the slowest foursome to finish a full round or 18 holes of golf.
 If there are more than 18 teams, some double up at the 4 and 5 par holes as A & B teams.
Club Crackers are a brand of crackers made by the American Keebler Company.
 They are somewhat similar in resemblance to saltines, but are rectangular and have 18 holes in a 3x6 pattern instead of the 13 holes in a 3-2-3-2-3 pattern that are on a saltine.
 Also, their edges are even, not perforated.
 They have a buttery flavor and a large amount of fat, 0.5g per serving, not found in regular saltines.
 The crackers contain 70 calories per serving with four total crackers in one serving.
The 1908 News of the World Match Play was the sixth News of the World Match Play tournament.
 It was played from Tuesday 6 to Thursday 8 October at Mid-Surrey Golf Club.
 32 players competed in a straight knock-out competition, with each match contested over 18 holes, except for the final which was over 36 holes.
 The winner received £100 out of a total prize fund of £240.
 J.H. Taylor defeated Fred Robson by 2 holes in the final to win the tournament.
Lester Park Golf Course is one of two public golf courses located in the port city of Duluth, Minnesota.
 The original eighteen-hole golf course was made up the north shore of Duluth, near the Lester Park River.
 The golf course was established in 1934.
 The other course, Enger Park, is located near the Duluth landmark, Enger Tower, and was established earlier than Lester in the 1920s.
 Lester Park is well known around Minnesota for its spectacular beauty and rich history as a golf course because a unique view of Lake Superior is available on 20 of the 27 golf holes.
 The original 18 holes have been redone four times since their initial design.
 In 1997, Paul Schintz, a former club pro from St. Paul, took over Lester Park as PGA Golf Professional.
 In 2003, Schintz became the Director of Golf, overseeing both Lester Park and Enger Park clubhouse operations.
 The golf courses were split to a 2 golf pro / 2 contract setup in 2005 with the addition of Steve Anderson to Enger Park Golf Course, with Schintz remaining at Lester Park.
 In 2007, the Duluth city council voted to accept a contract with Professional Golf Management, Inc.
 The Management company consisted of partners Schintz, as PGA Golf Professional and Jud Crist, Golf Course Superintendent.
 The management company now operates both facilities for the City of Duluth, overseeing clubhouse and maintenance operations.
 Management Inc.
