Charleston Civic Center is a municipal complex located in the downtown area of Charleston, West Virginia.
 Originally completed in 1959 at the cost of $2.5 million, the Charleston Civic Center has undergone numerous renovations and expansions.
 The Charleston Civic Center currently consists of three main components: the Civic Center Coliseum, the Little Theater, and the Charleston Convention Center, also referred to as the Grand Hall.
A civic center or civic centre is a prominent land area within a community that is constructed to be its focal point or center.
 It usually contains one or more dominant public buildings, which may also include a government building.
 Recently, the term "civic center" has been used in reference to an entire central business district of a community or a major shopping center in the middle of a community.
 In this type of civic center, special attention is paid to the way public structures are grouped and landscaped.
The Newcastle Civic Theatre, also known as The Civic, is a heritage-listed building located on Hunter Street, Newcastle in the Hunter region, in New South Wales, Australia.
 Opened in 1929 as a cinema, the 1520-seat venue is now the venue for a wide range of musicals, plays, concerts and dance events each year and is the city's oldest surviving theatre.
The Colorado State Capitol Building, located at 200 East Colfax Avenue in Denver, Colorado, United States, is the home of the Colorado General Assembly and the offices of the Governor of Colorado and Lieutenant Governor of Colorado.
 The building is intentionally reminiscent of the United States Capitol.
 Designed by Elijah E. Myers, it was constructed in the 1890s from Colorado white granite, and opened for use in November 1894.
 The distinctive gold dome consists of real gold leaf, first added in 1908, commemorating the Colorado Gold Rush.
 The building is part of Denver's Civic Center area.
 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Civic Center Historic District in 1974, and became part of the Denver Civic Center National Historic Landmark District in 2012.
The Civic Center in San Francisco, California, is an area of a few blocks north of the intersection of Market Street and Van Ness Avenue that contains many of the city's largest government and cultural institutions.
 It has two large plazas (Civic Center Plaza and United Nations Plaza) and a number of buildings in classical architectural style.
 The Bill Graham Civic Auditorium (formerly the Exposition Auditorium), the United Nations Charter was signed in the War Memorial Veterans Building's Herbst Theatre in 1945, leading to the creation of the United Nations.
 It is also where the 1951 Treaty of San Francisco (the peace treaty that officially ended the Pacific War with the Empire of Japan, which had surrendered in 1945) was signed.
 The San Francisco Civic Center was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1987 and listed in the National Register of Historic Places on October 10, 1978.
Mid-Hudson Civic Center is a venue located in Poughkeepsie, New York, consisting of Mair Hall (a concert and convention hall) and the McCann Ice Arena (an ice skating venue).
 It was built in the 1970s as part of the general attempt at rehabilitation of the central district of the City of Poughkeepsie.
 It is located at 14 Civic Center Plaza, on a segment of what was formerly known as Market Street near the former Main Mall.
 The Poughkeepsie Grand Hotel, at 40 Civic Center Plaza, is adjacent on the same block and was originally designed to be constructed concurrently with the civic center and financed by Hilton, but the hotel construction was abandoned after the foundation was laid.
 Four years after the completion of the Mid-Hudson Civic Center, Radisson Hotels bought the hotel property and after a re-design of the original hotel plans, construction of the hotel resumed.
The XL Center (originally known as the Hartford Civic Center) is a multi-purpose arena and convention center located in downtown Hartford, Connecticut.
 It is owned by the City of Hartford and operated by Spectra.
 In December 2007, the Center was renamed when the arena's naming rights were sold to XL Group insurance company in a 6-year agreement.
 The arena is ranked the 28th largest among college basketball arenas.
 Opened in 1974 as the Hartford Civic Center and originally located adjacent to Civic Center Mall, which was demolished in 2004.
 It consists of two facilities: the Veterans Memorial Coliseum and the Exhibition Center.
The George R. Wallace Jr.
 Civic Center, more commonly known as the Wallace Civic Center, or just simply the Civic Center, is a 1,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Fitchburg, Massachusetts and has an end-stage concert capacity of 3,200.
 It hosts various local concerts and sporting events for the area.
 First opened in 1970, the Wallace Civic Center consists of the Gaetz Arena, the Landry Arena, a planetarium, and several multi-use banquet rooms.
Newcastle Civic Centre is a local government building located in the Haymarket area of Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
 It is the main administrative and ceremonial centre for Newcastle City Council.
 Designed by the city architect, George Kenyon, the building was completed in 1967 and was formally opened by HM King Olav V of Norway on 14 November 1968.
 It is a Grade II* listed building.
 The Newcastle Civic Centre is the joint eighth tallest building in the city.
Civic Center/Grand Park, formerly Civic Center, is a heavy-rail subway station in the Los Angeles County Metro Rail system.
 It is located on Hill Street between 1st and Temple Streets in the Civic Center area of Downtown Los Angeles.
 The station is officially named Civic Center/Grand Park/Tom Bradley after former Los Angeles mayor Tom Bradley, who had a pivotal role in turning the subway into reality.
