Purcellville Historic District is a national historic district located at Purcellville, Loudoun County, Virginia.
 It encompasses 490 contributing buildings and 8 contributing structures in the central business district and surrounding residential areas in the town of Purcellville.
 The buildings represents a range of architectural styles popular during the 19th and 20th centuries in rural Virginia.
 Notable buildings include the former Purcellville School, Purcell House and Store, Bethany United Methodist Church, St. Francis de Sales Catholic Church, Purcellville National Bank (1915), Town Hall (1908), and Asa Moore Janney House (late 1840s).
 The Bush Meeting Tabernacle is located in the district and separately listed.
Windgap GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Windgap, County Kilkenny, Ireland.
 The club was founded in 1954 and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.
Windgap are a Junior club located in South Kilkenny on the Tipperary border.
 Senior County hurlers from the club are Kieran Purcell and Paddy Walsh.
 Due to low numbers the underage team amalgamated with Galmoy in 2006 and won the "B" league the same year,they are still joined together in underage levels and have had some good successes.
 The Juniors have not had any major successes in recent years and are still slugging away in Junior.
Largent is an unincorporated community village in Morgan County and partly Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 Largent is located on the Cacapon River, about 18 miles southwest of Berkeley Springs along Cacapon Road (West Virginia Route 9).
 It is located by Old Enon Cemetery, Stony Creek, and the Cacapon River.
 Largent's original town name was Enon.
 It was most likely renamed when Postal Service found another town of Enon elsewhere in the state.
 The Enon name is found in local church and cemetery names.
 The Enon school is found on USGS maps from 1914 through 1923 (Capon Bridge maps).
 The school has been open at least through the 30's.
 The Baileys bought the building in 1958 and it has been a residence since.
McClain County is a county located in south central Oklahoma.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 34,506.
 Its county seat is Purcell.
 The county was named for Charles M. McClain, an Oklahoma constitutional convention attendee.
Woody Chapel, Oklahoma is an unincorporated community located in McClain County, Oklahoma.
 Woody Chapel is located at the junction of State Highway 24 and State Highway 39 It is near Dibble and Purcell.
 Its residents are listed in the local Purcell phone book.
Purcell is an unincorporated community in Doniphan County, Kansas, United States.
 Purcell is located 5 mi east of Everest on highway K-20.
West Park Place is a national historic district located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania.
 It includes 12 contributing commercial buildings built between 1857 and 1865.
 They are characterized as three-story brick buildings over a full basement in the Italianate style.
 The buildings reflect Erie's mid-19th century central business district.
 The district includes the Bindernecht Block, Purcell Hardware Store and "Marble Front" building.
 A number of the buildings were designed and built by John Hill, who also built the John Hill House in the West Sixth Street Historic District.
The Peter and Mary Smith House, also known as the Hopkins House and the Otto House, is a historic dwelling located in Lake City, Iowa, United States.
 Peter Smith was a pioneer to this town and a prominent businessman.
 He was involved in retail, banking, and real estate.
 Smith and his first wife Sarah settled in Calhoun County, Iowa from Cass County, Michigan around 1855, and bought land near the present Smith Farmhouse.
 He served as the first judge in the county when Lake City was the county seat.
 Sarah died in 1875 while they were living in Glidden, Iowa.
 After the arrival of the railroad in 1881, Peter and his second wife Mary moved to Lake City.
 They built this two-story, brick, L-shaped house in 1887.
 While it does not conform to any one style, it is primarily a combination of the Italianate and the Gothic Revival styles.
 The Italianate influence is found in the bracketed cornice, segmentally arched lintels, wooden cutout designs over the windows, a front bay window, and the hipped roof.
 The influences of the Gothic Revival style are found in the bargeboard and the roof line.
 The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The Joe Bell Site (9MG28) is an archaeological site located in Morgan County, Georgia underneath Lake Oconee, but prior to the 1970s, it was located south of the mouth of the Apalachee River on the western bank of the Oconee River.
 The junction of these two rivers could be seen from the site.
 This site was first visited by Marshall Williams in 1968 at the suggestion of the site’s landowner, Joe Bell, who had discovered various artifacts while the site was being regularly plowed.
 Because of Interstate construction, Marshall Williams and Mark Williams discovered this site during surface surveys and excavations of the plowed areas.
 The site was excavated and analyzed by Mark Williams as part of his PhD dissertation.
 During the 1969 excavations, four areas within the site were designated for excavation.
 In Areas 1-3 various five foot square units were excavated.
 No excavations were done in Area 4 in 1969.
 Large quantities of small potsherds were discovered during these excavations, and they ranged from the Duvall Phase in Area 1 to Bell Phase in Areas 2-4.
 As part of the 1969 excavations, a road grading machine took off the topsoil of twelve strips on the site.
 This uncovered Features 1 and 2, and they were completely excavated.
 In 1977, the site was revisited by Marshall Williams and Mark Williams.
 Since various plans threatened this site, major excavations took place from June 15, 1977 until September 16, 1977 by Mark Williams.
 Most of the work centered on Area 2 or the Bell Phase portion of the site.
 The Bell Phase portion of this site was probably no more the 1.5 acres .
 Because of time constraints, only 17 of 55 features were excavated, and no more than a handful of the 1100 posts were excavated.
 A few trips were made back to the site the following year with the help of volunteers, and approximately 80% of the area stripped by heavy machinery was mapped.
 Some of the features were trash features that consisted of a circular pit filled with food residues and pottery sherds.
 Evidence of a large circular structure or rotunda was found at the site.
 It was the social, political, and religious center for the inhabitants.
 A large quantity of the features was small, circular, semi-subterranean structures that were probably used as sleeping quarters on cold nights.
 Another structure found was warm weather structures.
 One major trash feature was found that had been deposited in a single episode and was burned during or after deposition.
 Numerous sherds were found in this pit, and a large number of reconstructable vessels were present.
 Ethnohistoric literature of the Southeast suggests that this feature was formed during a Busk or Green Corn ceremony.
 The ceremony has been described as the physical cleansing of the town.
Cornwell is an unincorporated community in Prince William County, Virginia located on State Route 234 (Dumfries Road) about one mile north of Canova at its intersection with Purcell Road.
 Though Cornwell is a named location on Mapquest, as of 2006 there is no signage at the location to indicate that the area is identified as such.
 This place name may no longer be in common local use.
 Cornwell has also been known as Big Oak.
