Incorporated on April 17, 1886, at Marblehead, Ohio, the Lakeside and Marblehead Railroad (L&M) was a short standard gauge railroad that spanned about seven miles (11.3 km) in length.
 It extended from Marblehead through Lakeside to a connection with the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway (later the New York Central Railroad) at Danbury (an unincorporated hamlet bordering Sandusky Bay).
 A common carrier, it carried both freight and passengers.
 It was abandoned as a common carrier railroad July 31, 1964, operated for the last time as a private industrial railroad in Summer 1978, and its tracks were removed in Fall 1997.
The Sandy River Railroad was a narrow gauge railway built to serve the towns of Strong and Phillips in the Sandy River valley upstream of Farmington.
 The Sandy River Railroad was the first narrow gauge common carrier railroad built in the State of Maine.
The Oahu Railway and Land Company, or OR&L, was a narrow gauge common carrier railway that served much of the Hawaiian island of Oahu, and was the largest narrow gauge class one common carrier in the U.S, until its dissolution in 1947.
Mono Mills Junction (may sometimes be referred to as "Benton Junction") is a location within the Mono Basin in central Mono County where the Mono Mills Road California State Route 120, proceeds eastward from U.S. Route 395.
 Route 120 accesses the Mono Lake Tufa State Reserve, including Navy Beach and South Tufa along the shores of Mono Lake, and leads through Mono Mills to Benton where it reaches the U.S. Route 6.
The Sandy River & Rangeley Lakes Railroad (SR&RL) was a narrow gauge common carrier railroad that operated approximately 112 mi of track in Franklin County, Maine.
 Former equipment from the SR&RL continues to operate in the present day on a revived, short segment of the railway in Phillips, Maine.
The Lake Tahoe Railway and Transportation Company was a 16 mi , narrow gauge railroad that ran from a connection with the Central Pacific Railway at Truckee, California to the waterfront at Lake Tahoe.
 The railroad was converted to in 1926.
 The railroad operated its own property from 1899 until October 16, 1925, at which time it was leased to the Southern Pacific Company, which bought the property outright in May 1933.
 SP abandoned the line in 1943.
The Phillips and Rangeley Railroad was a narrow gauge common carrier railroad in the State of Maine.
The Kauai Railway is a former narrow gauge railway company in Hawaii, United States.
 It was created 1906 and operated a 30 km long railroad line with narrow gauge track from Port Allen,to Koloa and Kalaheo on the south coast of the island of Kauai.
 It did not have a connection to the other common carrier railway on the island, the Ahukini Terminal and Railway, although both were built to the same track gauge.
 Almost all railway trackage on Kauai was connected together due to an agreement with the U.S. Government to interconnect the common carriers and sugarcane plantation railways.
 The government imposed this as a condition before they would agree to improve the port of Nawiliwili for oceangoing ships.
 The line was opened 1907.
 In 1936 the company name was changed to the Kauai Terminal Company.
 The last train ran 1947, with rail operations replaced by trucks.
 The company continues to exist as the present-day Kauai Commercial Company.
The Bodie & Benton Railway was a narrow gauge common carrier railroad in California, from the Mono Mills to a terminus in Bodie, now a ghost town, in Mono County.
 It was unusual among U.S. railroads in that it was completely isolated from the rest of the railroad system.
Mono Mills (also, Mono) is a ghost town in Mono County, California.
 It is located 9.5 mi east-southeast of Lee Vining, at an elevation of 7356 feet (2242 m).
 Mono Mills has nearly vanished.
 Its site is along California State Route 120, 9.1 mi east from the junction with U.S. Route 395.
