Paddy O'Rourke (born 10 May 1989) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for his club Skryne and the Meath senior footballers.
 O'Rourke is the nephew of former Skryne and Meath player Colm O'Rourke and first cousin to current Meath player Shane O'Rourke.
 He played for the Skryne juvenile team at a young age and eventually became the Skryne senior team's first choice goalkeeper, aged 16.
 He has since moved outfield to a forward position.
 O'Rourke was top scorer on the 2010 SFC Skryne winning team.
Give War a Chance is a 1992 book by American writer P J O'Rourke.
<ref name="The Independent - 5 September 1992 -BOOK REVIEW / Eating marxism for breakfast: Give war a chance - P J O'Rourke"> </ref>
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Patricio Echegaray (17 October 1946 – 9 August 2017) was an Argentine politician.
 He was born in San José de Jáchal, Argentina.
 He served as General Secretary of the Communist Party of Argentina from 1986 until his death in 2017.
 Before, Echegaray served as the 26th General Secretary of the Juvenile Communist Federation from 1980 through 1985.
 He was a member of the Buenos Aires City Legislature from 2000 to 2003.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
National Lampoon 1964 High School Yearbook Parody is an American humor book that was first published in 1973.
 It was a spin-off from "National Lampoon" magazine.
 The book was a parody of a high school yearbook from the early 1960s.
 It was edited by P. J. O'Rourke and Doug Kenney and art directed by David Kaestle.
 Much of the writing was by P. J. O'Rourke and Doug Kenney.
 The "literary magazine" was written by Sean Kelly; the sports page was by Christopher Cerf; and the Principal's Letter and the "In Memorium" piece were both by Ed Subitzky.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
José Echegaray y Eizaguirre (19 April 1832 – 4 September 1916) was a Spanish civil engineer, mathematician, statesman, and one of the leading Spanish dramatists of the last quarter of the 19th century.
 He was awarded the 1904 Nobel Prize for Literature "in recognition of the numerous and brilliant compositions which, in an individual and original manner, have revived the great traditions of the Spanish drama".
Republican Party Reptile, subtitled "The Confessions, Adventures, Essays and (Other) Outrages of P. J. O'Rourke" is a 1987 collection of essays by American satirical writer P. J. O'Rourke.
 In humorist Lewis Frumkes' review of the collection, he described it as only occasionally displaying O'Rourke's best writing.
