The 2018 United States Senate election in Utah will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Utah, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
The 2018 United States Senate election in Delaware will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Delaware, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
The 1916 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 7, 1916.
 Incumbent Republican Carroll S. Page successfully ran for re-election to another term in the United States Senate, defeating Democratic candidate Oscar C. Miller.
 This was the second United States Senate direct election to take place in Vermont following the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution and the first for Vermont's Class I seat.
The 2018 United States Senate election in Montana will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Montana, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
The 2018 United States Senate election in Virginia will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the Commonwealth of Virginia, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
 Incumbent Democratic Senator Tim Kaine is running for re-election to a second term.
The 2018 United States Senate election in Missouri will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Missouri, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
The 2010 United States Senate election in Indiana took place on November 2, 2010, alongside 33 other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections to fill Indiana's class III United States Senate seat.
 Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Evan Bayh decided in February 2010 to retire instead of seeking a third term shortly after former U.S. Senator Dan Coats announced his candidacy for Bayh's contested seat.
 No Democratic candidate submitted enough signatures by the deadline to run, leading Democratic officials to choose U.S. Congressman Brad Ellsworth to be the nominee.
 The Libertarian Party nominated YMCA instructor Rebecca Sink-Burris, who had previously run against Evan Bayh in the United States Senate election in Indiana, 1998 but with less success than in this election.
 Republican nominee and former U.S. Senator Dan Coats won the open seat.
The 2018 United States Senate election in Tennessee will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Tennessee, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
The 1914 United States Senate election in Vermont took place on November 3, 1914.
 Incumbent Republican William P. Dillingham successfully ran for re-election to another term in the United States Senate, defeating Democratic candidate Charles A. Prouty.
 This was the first United States Senate direct election to take place in Vermont following the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The 2018 United States Senate election in New Mexico will take place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of New Mexico, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.
