Nazarbayev University (NU) is an autonomous research university in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan.
 Founded as a result of the initiative of the President of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev in 2010, it is an English-medium institution, with an international faculty and staff.
 The acceptance rate for undergraduate programs is 1:8.5.
 All undergraduate students attend free of charge, and students in good standing receive a stipend.
 The faculty-to-student class ratio is 1:9.
Nursultan Äbishuly Nazarbayev (Kazakh: Нұрсұлтан Әбішұлы Назарбаев, "Nursultan Äbişulı Nazarbayev" , نۇرسۇلتان ٵبٸشۇلى نازاربايەۆ, ] ; Russian: Нурсултан Абишевич Назарбаев, "Nursultan Abishevich Nazarbayev" ] ; born 6 July 1940) is the President of Kazakhstan.
 He has been the country's leader since 1989, when he was named First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR, and was elected the nation's first president following its independence from the Soviet Union in December 1991.
 He holds the title 'Leader of the Nation'.
 In April 2015, Nazarbayev was re-elected with almost 98% of the vote.
Ermukhamet Qabidenuly Ertysbayev (Kazakh: Ертісбаев, Ермұхамет Қабиденұлы ) served as the Minister of Culture, Information, and Sport in the Government of Kazakhstan until President Nursultan Nazarbayev split the Ministry of Culture, Information and Sport into a Culture and Information Ministry and a Tourism and Sport Ministry through a presidential decree on 27 March 2006.
 Nazarbayev appointed Ertysbayev the Minister of Culture and Information and Temirkhan Dosmukhanbetov the Minister of Tourism.
The Shahar Media Group is now a state run media firm in Kazakhstan which has several entertainment holdings across the country.
 The company is run by Nurali Nazarbayev, son of Dariga Nazarbayeva & grandson of Kazakh president Nursultan Nazarbayev.
 Kayrat Kulbayev is vice president & manages the company interests including local music television network HiT TV.
A referendum on extending the presidential term of Nursultan Nazarbayev was held in Kazakhstan on 29 April 1995.
 Voters were asked "Do you agree to prolong the term of office of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev, publicly elected on 1 December 1991, until 1 December 2000?"
 The question was approved by 95.5% of voters, with turnout reported to be 91.2%.
Presidential elections were held in Kazakhstan on 10 January 1999.
 Incumbent president Nursultan Nazarbayev won the election with over 80% of the vote, and was sworn into office on 20 January 1999.
 Most observers viewed the election as blatantly unfair, further confirming that Nazarbayev was not interested in promoting a democratic system of government.
 Voter turnout was reported to be 87.0%.
The "Nur Otan" Democratic People's Party (, "“Nur-Otan” Xalıqtıq Demokratïyalıq Partïyası"; Russian: “Нур Отан” Народно-Демократическая Партия ,"“Nur-Otan” Narodno-Demokraticheskaya Partiya"), called simply Nur Otan (, "Radiant Fatherland"), is the ruling political party in Kazakhstan with over 762,000 members.
 Since 2007 it is headed by the President of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev.
 Nazarbayev's predecessor in the party was Bakhytzhan Zhumagulov.
 The party's First Deputy Chairman is Askar Myrzakhmetov.
Sara Alpysqyzy Nazarbayeva (Kazakh: Сара Алпысқызы Назарбаева ) (born 12 February 1941, in Kzyl-Zhar, present-day Kazakhstan) is the First Lady of Kazakhstan and wife of President Nursultan Nazarbayev.
 She married Nursultan in 1962 after her graduation.
 They have three daughters — Dariga, Dinara and Aliya — and as well as six grandchildren and a great granddaughter.
Godfather-in-law is a documentary novel written by Rakhat Aliyev, former son-in-law of the President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev.
 In his book, Aliyev gives a deep insight into the corrupt, criminal activities of the autocratic system in Kazakhstan, including secrets and the system of governance of Nursultan Nazarbayev.
 The book "Godfather-in-law" was published in German and English languages.
 There is a criminal liability in Kazakhstan for distributing and using the book.
The Nazarbayev Intellectual Schools (NIS) are a network of schools for exceptional students of age 5 to 18 throughout Kazakhstan.
 The schools are named after Nursultan Nazarbayev, president of Kazakhstan, who has promoted the idea as a means of developing the intellectual life of the country.
 Each school focuses primarily on a specific set of subjects: either physical sciences and mathematics, or chemical and biological sciences, as well as foreign languages.
 Instruction is trilingual, in Kazakh, Russian and English, shifting to exclusively English by the senior year.
