Pawn Stars is an American reality television series, shown on History, and produced by Leftfield Pictures.
 The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the daily activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, a 24-hour family business opened in 1989 and operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell.
 The series, which became the network's highest rated show and the No. 2 reality show behind "Jersey Shore", debuted on July 26, 2009.
Pawn Stars Australia is the Australian adaption of the American series of the same name.
 It premiered on 21 July 2015 on A&E.
 The Australian version is the third international spin-off after Pawn Stars UK and Pawn Stars South Africa.
Richard Kevin "Rick the Spotter" Harrison (born March 22, 1965) is an American, Las Vegas-based businessman and reality television personality, best known as the co-owner of the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, as featured on the History series "Pawn Stars".
 He co-owns the pawn shop with his father, Richard Benjamin Harrison, which they opened in 1989.
 Harrison dropped out of high school to pursue his "$2,000-a-week business of selling fake Gucci bags".
Austin Lee Russell (born September 8, 1982), better known by his stage name of Chumlee, is an American actor, businessman and reality television personality, known as a cast member on the History Channel television show "Pawn Stars", which depicts the daily business at the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas where Russell works as an employee.
 Chumlee came to work at the pawn shop five years before filming of the first season, having been a childhood friend of Corey Harrison, whose father, Rick Harrison, and grandfather, Richard Benjamin Harrison, opened the shop in 1989.
Counting Cars is an American reality television series, shown on History, and produced by Leftfield Pictures.
 The series, which is the third spinoff of "Pawn Stars", is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the daily activities at Count's Kustoms, an automobile restoration and customization company owned and operated by Danny Koker, who previously appeared as a recurring expert on "Pawn Stars".
 In a format similar to another "Pawn Stars" spinoff, "American Restoration", the series follows Koker and his staff as they restore and modify classic automobiles and motorcycles.
 "Counting Cars" debuted on August 13, 2012.
"Pawn Stars" is an American reality television series that premiered on History on July 19, 2009.
 The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, a 24-hour family business operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell.
Richard Benjamin Harrison Jr., (also known by the nicknames The Old Man and The Appraiser) (born March 4, 1941), is a Las Vegas businessman and reality television personality, best known as the co-owner of the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, as featured on the History channel series "Pawn Stars".
 Harrison was the co-owner of a pawn shop with his son Rick Harrison until he suffered a stroke, causing him to retire.They opened the store together in 1989.
Pawn Stars UK is a British reality television series which debuted on 26 August 2013 on the British version of the History channel.
 The series is filmed in Sealand, Flintshire in Wales, and chronicles the day-to-day activities of pawn shop Regal Pawn, collaboratively run by Mark Andrew Manning, Mark Lever Holland, Marco Peter Holland, Simon Penworth, and Vicki Manning.
Richard Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison (born April 27, 1983) is an American businessman and reality television personality, known as a cast member of the History TV series "Pawn Stars", which documents his work at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas, which he co-owns with his father, Rick Harrison, and grandfather, Richard Benjamin Harrison.
Pawnography is an American game show broadcast by History.
 Hosted by comedian Christopher Titus and featuring "Pawn Stars" personalities Rick Harrison, Corey Harrison and Austin "Chumlee" Russell as panelists, the series features contestants answering questions for a chance to win cash and items for sale from the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop (where "Pawn Stars" is taped).
 The show premiered July 10, 2014, at 10 p.m. ET, following "Pawn Stars".
