Charles Charamba (born 27 April 1971) is a Zimbabwean gospel musician and a pastor in the Apostolic Faith Mission Church of Zimbabwe.
 Charamba's albums have been the top selling gospel music in Zimbabwe since the early 2000s.
 He has toured both Great Britain and the United States, and throughout southern Africa.
 One of Charamba's most famous songs is “Machira Chete”.
 His wife, Olivia (née Maseko), is also a gospel singer, and appears with him on stage and on his albums; they are often called the "First Family of Gospel".
Andraé Edward Crouch (July 1, 1942 – January 8, 2015) was an American gospel singer, songwriter, arranger, record producer and pastor.
 Referred to as "the father of modern gospel music" by contemporary Christian and gospel music professionals, Crouch was known for his compositions "The Blood Will Never Lose Its Power", "My Tribute (To God Be the Glory)" and "Soon and Very Soon".
 In secular music, he was known for his collaborative work during the 1980s and 1990s with Stevie Wonder, Elton John and Quincy Jones as well as conducting choirs that sang on the Michael Jackson hit "Man in the Mirror" and Madonna's "Like a Prayer".
 Crouch was noted for his talent of incorporating contemporary secular music styles into the gospel music he grew up with.
 His efforts in this area helped pave the way for early American contemporary Christian music during the 1960s and 1970s.
Just as I Am is the debut album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams, released on September 22, 1987 on the Sound of Gospel label and produced by Thomas Whitfield, who also worked with singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong on early 1980s gospel releases.
 Though original pressings of the vinyl and cassette release are difficult to find, the album has since been re-released on CD along with another catalog album from Sound of Gospel by Wanda Nero Butler entitled "New Born Soul".
Kierra Valencia "Kiki" Sheard (born June 20, 1987 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American gospel singer, fashion designer, and radio host.
 She is the daughter of gospel singer Karen Clark Sheard (member of gospel singing group The Clark Sisters) and the granddaughter of gospel choral director Mattie Moss Clark.
 Sheard portrayed Litha in the 2010 Christian-drama film "Preacher's Kid".
 After appearing on her mother's albums, Sheard broke onto the music scene with the release of her debut album "I Owe You" in 2004.
 Her hit single "You Don't Know" was written about her mother's bout with an almost fatal blood clot.
Latice Crawford (born July 22, 1982 as Latice Tenae Crawford) is an American urban contemporary gospel singer and composer.
 She is best known for using her three-octave, contralto vocal range of to finish third on the second season of the competitive gospel singing television show "Sunday Best" on Black Entertainment Television.
 Her self-titled debut album reached two "Billboard" charts, the Top Gospel Albums and the Top Heatseekers.
 Her second album, "Diary of a Church Girl", also appeared on the Top Gospel Albums chart.
Yolanda Yvette Adams (born August 27, 1961) is an American gospel singer, record producer, actress, and former radio host of her own nationally syndicated morning gospel show.
 s of 2009 , she had sold 4.5 million albums since 1991 in the United States, and nearly 8 million albums worldwide according to SoundScan.
 Adams is known as the "Queen of Contemporary Gospel Music" and the "First Lady of Modern Gospel".
David Huntsinger is a pianist, composer, songwriter, and arranger who moved from his native California to Nashville, TN, in 1976 and played for the Rambos.
 He co-wrote the song, "Holy Spirit, Thou Art Welcome", with Dottie Rambo, as well as the children’s musical, "Down By The Creek Bank".
 In 1979 he left the Rambos to pursue a career as a studio pianist.
 He wrote and arranged music for the 1989 Grammy-winning album "A Child’s Gift of Lullabyes", and arranged for and co-produced Andy Griffith’s 1996 Grammy-winning album, "I Love To Tell The Story: 25 Timeless Hymns".
 He has worked with many artists, such as Sandi Patti, Steve Green, Kathy Troccoli, Michael Crawford, Glen Campbell, Carman, Larnelle Harris, Johnny Cash and Dolly Parton.
 He toured with Vince Gill for a Christmas tour in 1999, and in 2001 for the Amy Grant/Vince Gill Christmas tour.
 He has also written a number of children’s musicals, as well as produced many albums of his own original works and arrangements.
 He played the piano for "An Unfinished Life", and contributed to two songs heard in "The Great Debaters".
 He arranged for and played piano in the 1997 Christmas album "Piano Winterlude" (Unison).
 He has done several projects for Discovery House Music.
 In 2010 he composed a number of pieces for a special 25th Anniversary concert for the international television network 3ABN called "Pillars of Our Faith".
Jonathan "J-Shin" Shinoster is a contemporary R&B/gospel singer born in Liberty City, Florida, who was signed to Slip-n-Slide Records/Atlantic Records and is best known for his hit single "One Night Stand" with LaTocha Scott of Xscape.
Karen Clark-Sheard (born Karen Valencia Clark; November 15, 1960) also known as "The Maestris Of Gospel" is an American gospel four-time Grammy Award-winning singer, musician, and songwriter.
 The youngest daughter of pioneering gospel choral director Mattie Moss Clark, Sheard began her career as a member of the legendary Grammy Award-winning female gospel group The Clark Sisters.
 She is the mother of contemporary gospel singer and actress Kierra "Kiki" Sheard.
Muyiwa Olarewaju (born 26 November is a British Gospel singer and songwriter who mixes traditional gospel music with elements of world music (from Africa, the Caribbean and Asia), soul, R&B and pop.
 He is also an experienced performer, broadcaster and presenter.
 In 2009 he became the first-ever international act to perform on America's popular entertainment channel, BET, for the prestigious annual Celebration of Gospel show.
 He has presented the Turning Point programme to an estimated global audience of 70 million.
 With his group Riversongz, he sold out Indigo2 at the O2 in London, the first gospel act to do so, and he has played at the largest gospel music event in the world, The Experience, attracting a 500,000 strong audience.
