TV's 50 Greatest Stars was a one-off British television awards show which invited the viewing public to vote for their favourite on-screen stars from a list compiled by the broadcaster ITV.
 Fifty actors, actresses, presenters and comedians, both alive and dead, were featured on the list, the number 50 being chosen to coincide with ITV's fiftieth birthday celebrations in September 2005 (though technically there were 55 individuals on the list due to partnerships like The Two Ronnies and Richard and Judy being counted as one entry).
 The two-hour show, directed by Mark Robinson, was hosted by Coronation Street actor Bradley Walsh, who ran through the stars in reverse order – the order was determined by the public, who could vote, either online or in the "TV Times", for five (no more and no fewer) of their favourite celebrities.
 Members of the public could also nominate other television celebrities who had not been included on the list.
 Actor David Jason won with Morecambe and Wise and John Thaw coming in second and third place respectively; the majority of nominees were comedians, a fifth were deceased and men outnumbered women by almost five to one.
 Walsh was quoted as saying "I'm delighted to be involved in this show.
 It will be a great celebration of some of the most fantastic stars from the last 50 years.
 It will be interesting to see who the viewers vote to come out on top."
 The show was narrated by Mel Giedroyc.
Against the Odds is an early Nickelodeon show profiling inspirational stories of people throughout history.
 It was hosted by Bill Bixby.
 (TV show also on the American History channel, present day, not related to this).
 It ran from 1982 to 1984 on Nickelodeon and was described as "a series of little tragedies" by future Nickelodeon president Geraldine Laybourne.
Saurabh Pandey(born 11 May 1988) is an Indian Television and Bollywood actor.
 His debut TV show as lead was Siddharth Basu's first Fiction TV show Jiya Jale for 9X TV in (2007).
 He later played the role of Shaurya in his second TV show titled "Shaurya aur Suhani" for Star Plus channel.
 He also played the role of protagonist in shows like Tere Mere Sapne, Ganga Kii Dheej and Razia Sultan.
Saurav Gurjar is an Indian professional wrestler, Sportsperson and actor.
 He is best known for his role as Bheem in the mythological TV show "Mahabharat".
 Recently he has appeared in tv Show Sankatmochan Mahabali Hanuman As a Ravana& Vali (Ramayana) aired on Sony tv.
 after Ramayan, after Mahabharat (2013 TV series) he acted/Anchor in Indonesia tv channel one of the popular tv show The New Eat Bulaga!
 Indonesia
The David Lee Roth Show is a former short-lived American radio show that aired from January 3 to April 21, 2006, hosted by rock musician David Lee Roth.
 It was the replacement of "The Howard Stern Show" following its departure from terrestrial to Sirius Satellite Radio.
 It was simulcast on seven stations across the United States owned by CBS Radio, who launched the show as part of its Free FM radio format.
 Notably different from Howard Stern's program, or corporate "morning zoo" and "shock jock" formats which dominated morning radio at the time, Roth's show sounded similar to pirate radio, featuring ethnic and non-commercial rock music integrated with personal stories, occasionally uncomfortable debates on intellectual matters, and interviews with people Roth admired, such as guitarist Brian May, baseball player Johnny Damon, and Roth's uncle, Manny Roth.
The Saturday Show is Birmingham-based Central Television's flagship Saturday morning kids TV show which replaced their previous show Tiswas.
 It ran on ITV for two series between 1982 and 1984.
 It was originally planned that popular wrestler Big Daddy would host and that it would be called "Big Daddy's Saturday Show".
 A pilot show was recorded with Big Daddy presenting, assisted by Isla St Clair and short films were shot with Big Daddy to insert in the upcoming series; a trailer for "Big Daddy's Saturday Show", complete with logo was shown on ITV the Saturday morning before the show was due to air.
 It was then announced during the week that Big Daddy was dropping out and that Isla St Clair would now take the lead, with ex-Magpie host Tommy Boyd assisting and with Jeremy Beadle being used as an occasional "stand in" host.
 The actor David Rappaport was also a fixture playing the character "Shades", as was football legend Jimmy Greaves.
David Lee Stenstrom (a.k.a. David Stentstrom) (born November 10, 1953) is an American actor.
 He has appeared in various shows, the best known of those roles perhaps being his work with Saban, which includes being the voice of King Mondo in "Power Rangers Zeo" and Hal Stewart in "Masked Rider".
 Stenstrom has also made guest appearances on many television shows throughout his career, including "General Hospital", "Doogie Howser, M.D.", "Full House" and "Murder, She Wrote".
 He was also known for his role as Waldo the inventor on the Nickelodeon show, "Out of Control".
Pāvels Gumennikovs (born January 1, 1986) is a Latvian film director, actor, writer, and producer.
 He started his film career in China, where he directed his first film "Kaleidoscope" (2010) that won him a best young director and best film award in Chinese Young Film director Festival.
 After that he directed a movie "I love You Riga" that become 3rd highest grossing in a country and was one of the 2 films considered to be nomination for Oscar.
 It was the runner out at the end for Oscar nomination (2011) that become one of the most successful movies in Latvia and were screened in cinemas around the country and participated in European Film Festivals, after that he directed a critique very well received TV show "Yes Boss" (2012), that was proclaimed as best made show in Latvia for great acting and directing.
 It was a revolutionary TV Show for Latvia, as it was first TV Show shoot in outside locations with scale of Hollywood TV Show production.
 The TV Show was shown on Muz-TV channel and TV5 and was seen by 300,000 people online.
King Mondo is a fictional character from the American television series "Power Rangers Zeo".
 He serves as the principal antagonist of the series.
 King Mondo's costume and various pieces of footage were borrowed from the Japanese "Super Sentai" series "Chōriki Sentai Ohranger".
 In that series, Mondo's name was Bacchushund (バッカスフンド , Bakkasufundo ) , and he served the same role.
 He is voiced by David Stenstrom and portrayed in costume by an uncredited actor.
 In scenes where footage of Bacchus-Wrath is used, Bacchus-Wrath's actor Yasuhiro Takeuchi takes the role in the suit.
Ken Paik Hakuta, known as "Dr. Fad" since 1983, is an American inventor and television personality.
 Hakuta, as Dr. Fad, was the host of the popular kids invention TV show, "The Dr. Fad Show", which ran from 1988 to 1994.
 The show featured kids' inventions, and promoted creativity and inventiveness in children.
 Hakuta was the organizer of four Fad Fairs, conventions of inventors with fun, wacky ideas, in Detroit, New York City and Philadelphia.
 He received the Inventor of the Year Award from the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia.
