Stewart Spiers was a small but innovative firm of plane-makers in Scotland, founded first of all in Ayr in Ayrshire and continuing under the registered name of Stewart Speirs Ltd ["sic"] in Paisley, Renfrewshire, from c. 1933 until its demise in the mid to late 1930s.
 Like the Glasgow firm of Alexander Mathieson & Sons, Spiers benefited hugely from the thriving industries on the Firth of Clyde in the latter half of the nineteenth century.
Beautycounter was founded by Gregg Renfrew in 2013.
 Renfrew had previously led a business career working with merchandising executives such as Martha Stewart and Susie Hilfiger.
 Beautycounter released nine products in March 2013, including facial cleansers, eye creams, and shampoo.
 The company launched as a direct retail brand and sells through its website, independent consultants and retailer partnerships including J.Crew and the Target.
 In 2014, Beautycounter's lip sheer in twig was recognized with one of "Allure" magazine's Best of Beauty awards in 2014, and their dew skin tinted moisturizer was given the award in 2015.
 Beautycounter became a founding member of the nonprofit Environmental Working Group's verification program, which aims to help make consumer goods that do not contain toxic ingredients easily identifiable for consumers.
 In 2016, Beautycounter launched its first line of mascara.
 At its launch, the company donated $100,000 to global nonprofit Girl Effect.
 Later that year, "Allure" recognized Beautycounter's Lengthening Mascara as one of its Best of Beauty 2016 products in the natural category.
 Beautycounter expanded its sales to include Canada in March 2016.
 In June 2016, Beautycounter acquired the worldwide assets of NUDE Skincare, Inc. and NUDE Brands, Ltd., Ali Hewson's natural beauty line from LVMH.
 As part of the acquisition, Hewson's husband Bono became an investor in Counter Brands, LLC., Beautycounter's parent company, and Hewson became a board member.
First Descents is a charitable non-profit organization that gives a free outdoor adventure experience trip to young adults who are fighting cancer.
 Brad Ludden, a professional kayaker, founded First Descents in 2001 at age 20.
The Krefeld Pinguine (Krefeld Penguins) are an ice hockey team in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
 Their home ice is in Krefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany at the König Palast.
 Founded first in 1936 by Willi Münstermann, the pro team became a limited liability company in 1994 and joined the top tier Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
 In their history they have won the German championship in 1952 and 2003.
Andrew Bryan (1737–1812) founded First Bryan Baptist Church, affectionately called the Mother Church of Black Baptists, and First African Baptist Church of Savannah in Savannah, Georgia, the first black Baptist churches to be established in America.
 Bryan was the former slave of Jonathan Bryan.
Penco (Mapudungun: "Peumo water") is a Chilean city and commune in Concepción Province, Bío Bío Region on the Bay of Concepción.
 Founded as the city of Concepción del Nuevo Extremo ('beginning of the new extreme') on February 12, 1550 by Pedro de Valdivia, it is the third oldest city in Chili, after capital Santiago founded first in 1541 and La Serena second in 1544.
"Allure" is a women's beauty magazine published by Condé Nast Publications.
 A famous woman, typically an actress, singer, or model, is featured on the cover of each month's issue.
 Following are the names of each cover subject from the most recent issue to the first issue of Allure in March 1991.
The Syracuse Triad is the name given to the three women's sororities founded at Syracuse University.
 Alpha Phi was founded first in 1872 by 10 of the original 20 women admitted into Syracuse University.
 Gamma Phi Beta came along two years later in 1874 and with it came the term "sorority," which was coined at the time of its founding.
 (Prior to that, women's Greek-letter organizations used the term "women's fraternity," since no more appropriate term existed.)
 Alpha Gamma Delta completed the triad in 1904.
Michelle Sun (born late 1980s) is a Hong Kong engineer, entrepreneur and teacher.
 In 2013, she founded First Code Academy which teaches Hong Kong children from the age of six how to code and create mobile applications.
 Teaching is given either in their school classrooms or in the firm's own offices.
It was founded first in 1962 as a branch from the University of Alexandria with the faculty of Medicine only and then it became an independent university named University of the Middle Delta in 1972.
 It had at that time Medicine, Science, Agriculture and Education faculties.
 Then, its name was changed into Tanta University in 1973.
