Oliver Monroe "Ollie" Cline (December 31, 1925 – May 12, 2001) was a college and professional American football fullback who played for the Ohio State Buckeyes, Cleveland Browns and Detroit Lions in the 1940s and 1950s.
 A standout high school athlete in his hometown of Fredericktown, Ohio, Cline attended Ohio State University starting in 1944.
 He became the football team's primary fullback that year as the school went unbeaten and was ranked second in the nation in the AP Poll.
 The following year, Cline was named the most valuable player in the Big Ten Conference, rushing for 936 yards as Ohio State built up a 7–2 record and was ranked 12th in the AP Poll.
 Following a brief stint in the U.S. Army at the end of World War II, Cline returned to Ohio State for a final season in 1947.
Rodney Cline Carew (born October 1, 1945) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) first baseman, second baseman and coach of Panamanian descent.
 He played from 1967 to 1985 for the Minnesota Twins and the California Angels and was elected to the All-Star game every season except his last.
 While Carew was never a home run threat (only 92 of his 3,053 hits were home runs), he made a career out of being a consistent contact hitter.
 He threw right-handed and batted left-handed.
 He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and the Caribbean Baseball Hall of Fame.
 Carew served as an MLB coach for several years after retiring as a player.
Emma Cline is an American writer and novelist, originally from California.
 She published her first novel, "The Girls", in 2016, to positive reviews.
 The book was shortlisted for the John Leonard Award from the National Book Critics Circle and the Center for Fiction's First Novel Prize.
 Her stories have been published in "The New Yorker", "Tin House", "Granta" and "The Paris Review".
 In 2017 Cline was named one of "Granta's" Best Young American Novelists.
Estadio Nacional de Panama, also called Rod Carew Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Panama City, Panama.
 The stadium has a capacity of 27,000 and was built in 1999.
Cline served as Executive Vice President for the league.
 In May 2001, Cline was named as the first winner of the National Lacrosse League Executive of the Year Award.
 In June 2005, it was announced that Cline will be inducted into the National Lacrosse League Hall of Fame along with Chris Fritz, Paul Gait, Gary Gait and Les Bartley.
 It was made official at the 2006 NLL All-Star Game in Toronto.
Estadio Rommel Fernández is a multi-purpose stadium located in Panama City, It is used for different sports, but mainly for the conduct of football (soccer) games.
 It was inaugurated February 6, 1970.
 It was designed to accommodate the XI Central American and Caribbean Games in 1970.
 Through further reforms, the stadium managed to reach the current capacity of 45,000 spectators all seated, now the largest stadium in Panama, above the Estadio Rod Carew of baseball.
 It is part of Sports City Irving Saladino.
1982 Cline, provisional designation 1975 VA, is a stony asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 8 kilometers in diameter.
 It was discovered on 4 November 1975, by American astronomer Eleanor Helin at Palomar Observatory in California, and named after Edwin Lee Cline, inventor and friend of the discoverer.
Carew Tower is a 49-story, 574 ft Art Deco building completed in 1930 in the heart of downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, overlooking the Ohio River waterfront.
 The structure is the second-tallest building in the city, and it was added to the register of National Historic Landmarks on April 19, 1994.
 The tower is named after Joseph T. Carew, proprietor of the Mabley & Carew department store chain, which had previously operated on the site since 1877.
The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers (1938- 1966) were an early bluegrass band which included such notable "first generation" bluegrass musicians as Ezra Cline, Bobby Osborne, Paul Williams, Melvin Goins, Charlie Cline, Curly Ray Cline, Larry Richardson and for a short time Jimmy Martin.
 The group was started by Ezra Cline and Curly Ray Cline and was originally named "Cousin Ezra and the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers".
 The Clines came from a large family consisting of musically talented people.
 Ray and Charlie's father, Charlie, was a talented banjo player and the women in the family, Geraldine and Bobbi, were great singers.
 For reasons unknown, Bobbi and Geraldine never joined the band on the road but often joined in at home, especially when notable Country singers, such as Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, and Hank Williams, came visiting.
 None of them ever had a music lesson yet excelled on every instrument they touched.
 Natives of the Gilbert Creek region of southern West Virginia, Cousin Ezra, along with brothers Ireland (Lazy Ned) and Curly Ray Cline, were part of the original Lonesome Pine Fiddlers from about 1938, a group that worked on radio at WHIS Bluefield, West Virginia.
 During World War II, Ned was killed in action.
 When the Pine Fiddlers resumed regular daily broadcasts, Charlie, who played multiple instruments, joined them on a regular basis.
 Charlie returned to the Fiddlers briefly before becoming a member of Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys.
 During 1952-1955, Charlie worked off and on with Monroe, recording some 38 songs, all on Decca.
 It has been said that he played every instrument at one time or another in the Monroe group except mandolin.
 Charlie spent most of 1953 back with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers working at WJR radio in Detroit.
 When Ezra brought the band to Pikeville, Kentucky, in November, Charlie rejoined Bill Monroe.
 In 1954, Charlie did a session, playing lead guitar, with the Stanley Brothers and also another one on RCA with the Fiddlers, although he was not otherwise working with them at the time.
 He also worked briefly as a sideman with the Osborne Brothers, although he did not record with them.
 By 1958, Charlie (electric lead guitar) and his wife, Lee (electric bass), had rejoined Ezra and Curly Ray in the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers, who were experimenting with a more modern sound and working a TV show in Huntington, West Virginia, in addition to daily radio in Pikeville.
 In his later years, Charlie was with the Stanley Brothers.
 Curly Ray also played with the Stanley Brothers at a different time as their fiddler.
 Curly Ray was one of the best fiddlers in Bluegrass.
 This most talented family of musicians were the best, surpassed by none.
 Finally, on October 1, 2009, The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers got their due when they were inducted into the International Bluegrass Hall of Fame at the Ryman Theater (the original home of the Grand Ole Opry).
 Bobby Osborne, Melvin Goins and Paul Williams were there to receive the bands award.
 In the crowd of a sold out theater was the son of Ezra Cline, Scotty Ireland Cline, who recalled being in that same theater as a child sitting on stage and watching the Fiddlers play.
 (At the time, the Opry had bleachers for family just off stage).
 The final act of the evening at the IBMA Awards was the playing of "Pain in my Heart" by Osborne, Goins and Williams along with a Song from the Dillards, who were also inducted the same evening.
Rodney Bay is a bay on Saint Lucia; it is along the northwestern coast of the island to the north of Choc Bay.
 It is named after British naval officer George Brydges Rodney.
 Admiral Rodney won many battles against France by using a Fort built at Pigeon Island - which is the outer boundaries of Rodney Bay- to view any movements in France's naval base in Martinique.
 On a cloudless day, one can clearly see Martinique.
 The Fort remains in pristine condition at Pigeon Island and still has many cannons positioned, as if ready for battle.
