Wookieepedia: The "Star Wars" Wiki is an online encyclopedia for information on the "Star Wars" fictional universe—including information on all the films, as well as "Clone Wars", "" and its , "Rebels", the "Star Wars" expanded universe, and any upcoming "Star Wars" material.
 It is a specialized wiki created to be an extensive encyclopedia of the "Star Wars" universe with some articles reaching up to 60,000 words, and is written almost entirely from an in-universe perspective.
 The name Wookieepedia is a portmanteau of Wookiee and encyclopedia, a pun on the name of "Wikipedia".
 The logo, too, is a visual pun showing the incomplete second Death Star as opposed to Wikipedia's incomplete "jigsaw logo".
Star Wars MUSH (commonly referred to as SW1) is a text-based online role-playing game.
 "Star Wars MUSH" was created in May 1991 and was released to the public in January 1992.
 The game predates the majority of ""Star Wars" expanded universe" and as such largely deviates from the established "Star Wars" universe set after "Return of the Jedi".
 The game scenario system is based on the discontinued West End Games' .
 The game persisted throughout the '90s as one of the net's more successful "Star Wars"-themed MUSHes, earning a feature in "The Incredible Internet Guide to Star Wars".
Robert Humiston Hume (September 18, 1922 – February 28, 1999) was the 1941 NCAA champion in the outdoor mile run.
 He was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1990.
 He and his twin brother, H. Ross Hume, became famous in 1944 and 1945 as the "dead heat twins" due to their practice of finishing their races hand-in-hand in an intentional effort to finish each race tied for the win.
 During the 1944 track season, the Hume twins tied for the win in nine straight mile races, including the Big Ten Conference and NCAA championships.
 They were co-winners in every mile event they entered in 1944 except one.
 The exception occurred at a dual meet in which "a meticulous official ruled that one of the Humes beat the other across the finish line by a couple of inches although they were hand in hand at the wire."
 Their best time in a "dead heat" mile with hands clasped was 4:14.6 at the Central Collegiate Conference meet in 1944; the time broke a University of Michigan school record of 4:16.4 that had been set by H.L. Carroll 28 years earlier in 1916.
Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round is a 1966 crime film written and directed by Bernard Girard, starring James Coburn, Camilla Sparv, Aldo Ray, Nina Wayne, Todd Armstrong, Robert Webber, Rose Marie, and Harrison Ford (in his film debut) as a bellhop.
Lego Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game developed by Traveller's Tales and published by LucasArts and TT Games Publishing.
 It was released on 11 September 2006.
 Part of the "Lego Star Wars" series, it is based on the "Star Wars" science fiction media franchise and Lego Group's "Star Wars"-themed toy line.
 It follows the events of the "Star Wars" films "Star Wars", "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi".
 The game allows players to assume the roles of over 50 Lego versions of characters from the film series; customized characters can also be created.
 Camera movement was improved from its predecessor—""; and the concept of "vehicle levels" was explored more thoroughly.
 The game was revealed at American International Toy Fair 2006.
 Promotions for the game were set up at chain stores across the United States.
Star Wars: Thrawn (also known simply as Thrawn) is a "Star Wars" novel by Timothy Zahn, published on April 11, 2017 by Del Rey Books.
 It chronicles the origins of Grand Admiral Thrawn, a popular character originating from the "Star Wars Legends" line of works, which were declared non-canon to the franchise after Lucasfilm redefined "Star Wars" continuity in April 2014.
 The novel was announced in July 2016 alongside news that the character Thrawn would be reintroduced into the "Star Wars" franchise on the 3D CGI animated television series "Star Wars Rebels".
Henry Ross Hume (September 18, 1922 – January 4, 2001) was a three-time NCAA champion distance runner who was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1990.
 He and his twin brother, Robert H. Hume, became famous in 1944 and 1945 as the “dead heat twins” due to their practice of finishing their races hand-in-hand in an intentional effort to finish each race tied for the win.
 During the 1944 track season, the Hume twins tied for the win in nine straight mile races, including the Big Ten Conference and NCAA championships.
 They were co-winners in every mile event they entered in 1944 except one.
 The exception occurred at a dual meet in which "a meticulous official ruled that one of the Humes beat the other across the finish line by a couple of inches although they were hand in hand at the wire."
 Their best time in a “dead heat” mile with hands clasped was 4:14.6 at the Central Collegiate Conference meet in 1944; the time broke a school record of 4:16.4 that had been set by H.L. Carroll 28 years earlier in 1916.
Star Wars Trilogy Arcade is an arcade game first released in 1998.
 The game is a 3-D rail shooter based on the original trilogy of "Star Wars" films and was released along with the special editions of these films.
 Accompanied by the "Star Wars Trilogy" pinball game, it is the second in Sega's "Star Wars Arcade" series; it is preceded by 1993's "Star Wars Arcade" and followed by 2000's "Star Wars Racer Arcade".
A dead heat is a tie between two or, rarely, more horses in a race for a win or placing.
 Usually, a photo finish can determine the placings, but at times it is impossible to separate the horses.
 If there is a dead heat for a win, wagers are paid on all winning horses and first and second prize money is divided between the two horses in a double dead heat.
 Before the 20th century the race was settled by a deciding heat or run-off, unless the owners agreed to divide the prize.
Star Wars: Darth Plagueis is a novel that is part of the "Star Wars" expanded universe.
 It was written by James Luceno, and released on January 10, 2012.
 The novel covers the later life and machinations of Sith lord Darth Plagueis, over a roughly fifty-year period pre-dating "Star Wars: The Phantom Menace".
 The novel details Plagueis' overthrow of his own master Darth Tenebrous, his work as head of a powerful banking consortium on the Muun homeworld, his discovery, recruitment and training of the teenaged Sheev Palpatine of Naboo, and the efforts of Plagueis to undermine the Galactic Republic and ensure the dominance of the Dark Side of the Force.
 The novel brings in scores of characters and locations already familiar in the "Star Wars" mythos, as well as introducing many others for the first time.
 Events depicted on-screen in "Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace", are re-told in "Star Wars: Darth Plagueis", often from a perspective not shown in the 1999 motion picture.
