Bruce Tammen is a conductor and artistic director.
 Tammen holds degrees from Luther College, Northwestern University, and the University of Chicago and has taught voice and directed choirs at Luther College, the University of Chicago, and the University of Virginia.
 Tammen studied extensively in France with Dalton Baldwin and Gerard Souzay, and for several years studied with Max van Egmond at Oberlin's Baroque Performance Institute.
 He has performed several seasons under Helmuth Rilling at the Oregon Bach Festival, and with the Robert Shaw Choral Institute, in Souillac, France.
 Tammen is baritone soloist on the Telarc/Shaw compact discs Appear and Inspire and Liebeslieder Waltzes.
 The Chicago Chorale, conducted by Tammen, received the top performance of the year by the Chicago Classical Review with a performance of Rodion Shchedrin's "The Sealed Angel.
 Bruce Tammen is married to Esther Menn.
 They have three sons; Joseph, Elijah, and Daniel Tammen, as well as a daughter Kaia Tammen.
Liebeslieder Polkas is recording of the music of Peter Schickele under his comic pseudonym of P. D. Q. Bach.
 It describes itself as "the first opus of P.D.Q. Bach to be discovered in which he inflicted his music on the work of well-known poets, or even known poets, for that matter" and includes "the ambitious zodiac song cycle, the "Twelve Quite Heavenly Songs"."
 The album was released on Vanguard Records in 1980, with a cover image of Schickele mimicking a famous image of Johannes Brahms at the piano.
Cradle Song is the common name for a number of children's lullabies with similar lyrics, the original of which was Johannes Brahms' "Wiegenlied: Guten Abend, gute Nacht " ("Good evening, good night"), Op.
 49, No. 4, published in 1868 and widely known as Brahms' Lullaby.
 The lyrics of the first verse are from a collection of German folk poems called "Des Knaben Wunderhorn" and the second stanza was written by (1824–1909) in 1849.
 The lullaby's melody is one of the most famous and recognizable in the world, used by countless parents to sing their babies to sleep.
 The Lullaby was dedicated to Brahms' friend, Bertha Faber, on the occasion of the birth of her second son.
 Brahms had been in love with her in her youth and constructed the melody of the "Wiegenlied " to suggest, as a hidden counter-melody, a song she used to sing to him.
 The lullaby was first performed in public on 22 December 1869 in Vienna by Louise Dustmann (singer) and Clara Schumann (piano).
Neue Liebeslieder (New love songs), Op.
 65, written by Johannes Brahms, is a collection of Romantic pieces written for four solo voices and four hands on the piano.
 They are also known as "Neue Liebesliederwalzer".
 "Neue Liebeslieder" were written during the Romantic period between 1869 and 1874.
 The text of the songs is adapted from folk songs of various areas of Europe including Turkey, Poland, Latvia and Sicily.
 The text for songs 1 through 14 were translated and compiled by Georg Friedrich Daumer in his poem series, "Polydora"; the text for the fifteenth and final song, entitled "Zum Schluß" (In Conclusion), was written by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
The Piano Sonata No. 3 in F minor, Op. 5 of Johannes Brahms was written in 1853 and published the following year.
 The sonata is unusually large, consisting of five movements, as opposed to the traditional three or four.
 When he wrote this piano sonata, the genre was seen by many to be past its heyday.
 Brahms, enamored of Beethoven and the classical style, composed Piano Sonata No. 3 with a masterful combination of free Romantic spirit and strict classical architecture.
 As a further testament to Brahms' affinity for Beethoven, the Piano Sonata is infused with the instantly recognizable motive from Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 during the first, third, and fourth movements.
 Composed in Düsseldorf, it marks the end of his cycle of three sonatas, and was presented to Robert Schumann in November of that year; it was the last work that Brahms submitted to Schumann for commentary.
 Brahms was barely 20 years old at its composition.
 The piece is dedicated to Countess Ida von Hohenthal of Leipzig.
Johannes Brahms' Liebeslieder Waltzes ("Liebeslieder-Walzer") are distributed across two opus numbers: Op. 52 and Op.
 65.
 The waltzes are a collection of love songs in Ländler style for voices and piano four hands.
 The lyrics for the "Liebeslieder" come from Georg Friedrich Daumer's "Polydora", a collection of folk songs and love poems.
 While there is no concrete record indicating the exact inspiration for the Waltzes, there is speculation that Brahms' motivation for the songs was his frustrated love for pianist Clara Schumann, composer Robert Schumann's wife.
Sixteen Waltzes, Op.
 39 is a set of 16 short waltzes for piano written by Johannes Brahms.
 They were composed in 1865, and published two years later, dedicated to the music critic Eduard Hanslick.
The Johannes Brahms Medal (German: Johannes-Brahms-Medaille) of Hamburg is a music award established in 1928, named after the composer Johannes Brahms who was born in Hamburg.
"Liebeslieder " op. 114 is a waltz by Johann Strauss II written in 1852 (not to be confused with Brahms's similarly titled "Liebeslieder Walzer" and "Neue Liebeslieder").
 At the time it was conceived, the waltz was titled 'Liebesgedichte' or "Love Poems" and during its first performance, it was even announced as 'Liebesständchen' or "Love Serenade".
 The first performance was at the famed Vienna Volksgarten on 18 June 1852 under the composer's direction.
The Clarinet Sonatas, Op. 120, Nos. 1 and 2 are a pair of works written for clarinet and piano by the Romantic composer Johannes Brahms.
 They were written in 1894 and are dedicated to the clarinetist Richard Mühlfeld.
 The sonatas stem from a period late in Brahms’s life where he “discovered” the beauty of the sound and tonal colour of the clarinet.
 The form of the clarinet sonata was largely undeveloped until after the completion of these sonatas, after which the combination of clarinet and piano was more readily used in composers’ new works.
 These were the last chamber pieces Brahms wrote before his death and are considered two of the great masterpieces in the clarinet repertoire.
 Brahms also produced a frequently performed transcription of these works for viola with alterations to better suit the instrument.
