The Professional Footballers' Association Young Player of the Year (often called the PFA Young Player of the Year, or simply the Young Player of the Year) is an annual award given to the player aged 23 or under at the start of the season who is adjudged to have been the best of the season in English football.
 The award has been presented since the 1973–74 season and the winner is chosen by a vote amongst the members of the players' trade union, the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA).
 The first winner of the award was Ipswich Town defender Kevin Beattie.
 The current holder is Dele Alli, who won the award for his performances throughout the 2016–17 campaign for Tottenham Hotspur.
The PFA Scotland Young Player of the Year, formerly known as the Scottish PFA Young Player of the Year, is named at the end of every Scottish football season.
 The members of the Professional Footballers' Association Scotland vote on which of its young members played the best football in the previous year.
 The award was first given in 1978, to Graeme Payne.
 The Bulgarian international Stiliyan Petrov was the first non-Scottish player to win the award, when he did so in 2001.
Graeme Payne (born 13 February 1956 in Dundee) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a winger.
 At Dundee United he played in two Scottish league cup final winning teams.
 He was the first winner of the Scottish PFA Young Player of the Year award.
The Professional Footballers' Association of Ireland Players' Young Player of the Year (often called the PFAI Players' Young Player of the Year, the PFAI Young Player of the Year, or simply the Young Player of the Year) award is given to the footballer in the top-flight of Irish football, the League of Ireland, who is seen to have been the best player of the previous season and is under 23 years of age.
The National Basketball League Rookie of the Year was an annual National Basketball League (NBL) award given every year between 1992 and 2016 to the best performing rookie New Zealander of the regular season.
 The award was originally given to the best Young Player of the Year from 1986 until 1991, with centre Warren Adams winning the award twice within four years.
 In 1992, forward Pero Cameron won the league's first Rookie of the Year award.
 This name stood until 2005, when a slight adjustment to the rules saw the Rookie of the Year opened up to any player under the age of 20, with guard Jarrod Kenny (age 19) winning the 2005 Young Player of the Year.
 This was changed back to Rookie of the Year in 2006, and remained every year until 2016 when it was disbanded in 2017.
 Current NBA player, Steven Adams, won the 2011 Rookie of the Year award; Steven is the half-brother of two-time Young Player of the Year, Warren Adams.
The Scottish Football Writers' Association Young Player of the Year (often called the SFWA Young Player of the Year, or simply the Scottish Young Player of the Year) award is given to the footballer in the Scottish football league system, who is seen to have been the best young (under 23) player of the previous season.
 The shortlist is compiled by the members of the Scottish Football Writers' Association (the SFWA), who also vote for the winner.
 The prize is seen as the highest awarded to a young player as it names the "Young Player of the Year"; the footballer who is seen to have been "the" best young player over the previous season.
 The award was first made in 2002, and was won by Motherwell forward James McFadden.
The 1984–85 season was Manchester United's 83rd season in the Football League, and their 10th consecutive season in the top division of English football.
 They defeated Everton 1–0 in the FA Cup Final to win the trophy for the sixth time, and finished fourth in the league.
 It was the first season at the club for new signings Gordon Strachan, Jesper Olsen and Alan Brazil, while Mark Hughes became established in the forward line alongside Frank Stapleton, with Norman Whiteside moving into central midfield to replace the departed Ray Wilkins.
 Hughes ended the season as United's top scorer with 24 goals (16 in the league) and was also voted PFA Young Player of the Year.
 Brazil, however, failed to establish himself as a regular player, with Atkinson alternating between him and Frank Stapleton as the club's second striker to play alongside the prolific Hughes.
Phillip O'Donnell (25 March 1972 – 29 December 2007) was a Scottish footballer, who played as a left-sided midfielder for Motherwell, Celtic and Sheffield Wednesday during his career.
 He also earned one international cap for Scotland, and twice won the Scottish PFA Young Player of the Year award.
 He died after suffering cardiac arrest while playing for Motherwell against Dundee United on 29 December 2007.
The Professional Footballers' Association Women's Young Player of the Year (commonly referred to as PFA Young Player of the Year) is an annual award given to the player who is voted to have been the best of the year in English women's football.
 The award has been presented since the 2013–14 season and the winner is chosen by a vote amongst the members of the players' trade union, the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA).
Harry Kewell (born 22 September 1978) is an Australian football coach and former player who is the head coach of League Two club Crawley Town.
 Kewell played for Leeds United, Liverpool, Galatasaray, Melbourne Victory, Al-Gharafa and Melbourne Heart.
 While at Leeds he was named the PFA Young Player of the Year in 2000.
 Internationally he has received 58 caps, and scored 17 goals, while playing for the Australian national team.
 A left winger also capable of playing as an attacking midfielder or second striker, he is often regarded within the media as "Australia's finest football export", despite his career being blighted with injury.
 In 2012, Kewell was named Australia's greatest footballer in a vote by Australian fans, players and media.
