Mera Naam Joker (translation: "My Name is Joker") is a 1970 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Raj Kapoor.
 The screenplay was written by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas.
 This film was the debut of Rishi Kapoor.
 "Mera Naam Joker" is a film about a clown who must make his audience laugh at the cost of his own sorrows.
 The film is considered to be one of the lengthiest films of Indian cinema.
 After "Sangam" became a blockbuster, "Mera Naam Joker" was highly anticipated as it was under production for six years and was heavily publicized to be loosely based on Raj Kapoor's own life.
 Upon release the film turned out to be a critical and commercial disaster putting Kapoor into a financial crisis.
 The film was heavily panned for its length and plot.
 However, over the years, the film has gained a cult status and is regarded as a classic today.
 Both audience's and critics' response has turned highly favorable with the passage of time.
 An abridged version was released in the 1980s and had a highly successful run at the box office.
 Raj Kapoor termed this his favorite film and described it as having deep philosophical depth and meaning.
 The film is regarded as one of Kapoor's finest works today with film experts labeling it as a 'misunderstood masterpiece'.
Divya Rana is a former Bollywood actress most noted for her role in Raj Kapoor's "Ram Teri Ganga Maili" Divya began her career with the film "Ek Jaan Hain Hum" (1984) opposite Raj Kapoor's youngest son Rajiv Kapoor.
 Then she was selected as the second lead in Raj Kapoor's "Ram Teri Ganga Maili" (1985) co-starring Rajiv Kapoor & Mandakini.
 Divya later acted in films like "Watan Ke Rakhwale", "Ek Hi Maqsad , Aasmaan (1984) , Maa Kasam (1985 film) , Param Dharam as Munnibai)" and many others.
 She quit acting after her marriage and currently lives in Mumbai with her husband Fazal and goes by the name Salma Manekia.
 She works as a photographer and makes ceramic sculptures.
Prem Rog (Hindi: प्रेम रोग ; English: "Love Sickness" ) is 1982 romantic Bollywood film directed by Raj Kapoor.
 The film tells the story of a man's love towards a woman who is a widow and of a higher status.
 The film is considered a classic work by the director Raj Kapoor.
 Raj Kapoor returned to social themes with this film.
 The film earned high critical acclaim.
 The screenplay was written by Kamna Chandra and Jainendra Jain.
Aag (Hindi: आग ; English: "Fire" ) is a 1948 Bollywood film which is produced, directed by and stars Raj Kapoor.
 The film marked the debut of Raj Kapoor as producer and director and was the first film produced by his R.K. Banner.
 Nargis, Premnath, Nigar Sultana and Kamini Kaushal also starred in supporting roles.
 Raj Kapoor's youngest brother Shashi Kapoor appeared as a child artist in this film playing the younger version of his character (Kewal).
 This was the first film in which Raj Kapoor and Nargis appeared together.
Ram Teri Ganga Maili (literal translation: "Ram, Your Ganga's Become Impure") is a 1985 Bollywood film directed by actor-director Raj Kapoor.
 The movie stars Mandakini and Rajiv Kapoor, son of Raj Kapoor.
 It was Raj Kapoor's last film.
 The film became a "Blockbuster" at the box office and went on to be the highest grossing Hindi film of 1985.
 The music director Ravindra Jain received a Filmfare Award for this film.
 The storyline of the film is somewhat similar to "Pakeezah".
 The film became very controversial because of Mandakini's bold scenes of breastfeeding and bathing in a transparent saree, which wasn't something the conservative Indian Censor Board allowed at that point in time.
Karan Kapoor (born 18 January 1962) is a former Indian film actor and model of British and Indian descent.
 He is the son of Indian Bollywood International Actor Shashi Kapoor and his India settled (late) British Actress Jennifer Kendal.
 His paternal grandfather was Prithviraj Kapoor and his paternal uncles are Raj Kapoor and Shammi Kapoor.
 His elder brother Kunal Kapoor and sister Sanjana Kapoor have also acted in some films but like him they were not very successful.
 His maternal grandparents, Geoffrey Kendal and Laura Kendal, were actors who toured India and Asia with their theatre group, Shakespeareana, performing Shakespeare and Shaw.
 The Merchant Ivory film, "Shakespeare Wallah", was loosely based on the family, which starred his father and his aunt, actress Felicity Kendal.
 Karan later moved towards photography and decided to be a part of this profession though he worked as an actor too.
Henna is the name of a 1991 Bollywood film produced and directed by Randhir Kapoor and starring his brother Rishi Kapoor, Ashwini Bhave (both of India) and Zeba Bakhtiyar (of Pakistan) also renowned as Neha Seti.
 It was shot in Kashmir.
 This film's project was planned and started by legendary director Raj Kapoor but due to his demise during the filming stage, the remaining portions were directed by his son Randhir Kapoor.
 Hence, this film is considered as the last film of Raj Kapoor.
 The dialogues of the film were written by the acclaimed Pakistani writer Haseena Moin.
 The film was a critical and a commercial success and was also India's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Shree 420 ("Hindi" श्री ४२०, translation: "Sir 420", also transliterated as Shri 420) is a 1955 Hindi film, directed and produced by Raj Kapoor, written by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas, and starring Raj Kapoor and Nargis.
 The number 420 refers to Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code, which prescribes the punishment for the offence of cheating; hence, "Mr. 420" is a derogatory term for a cheat.
 The film centers on Raj, a poor but educated orphan who comes to Bombay with dreams of success.
 Kapoor's character is influenced by Charlie Chaplin's "little tramp", much like Kapoor's character in his 1951 "Awaara".
 The music was composed by the team of Shankar Jaikishan, and the lyrics were penned by Shailendra.
Kal Aaj Aur Kal (Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow) is a 1971 Hindi film produced by Raj Kapoor and directed by his son Randhir Kapoor.
 The film's USP is the appearance of three generations of the famous Kapoor family starring Prithviraj Kapoor, his son Raj Kapoor, Raj Kapoor's son Randhir Kapoor (in his acting debut) and Randhir's real-life wife-to-be Babita.
 Among the non Kapoors in the film are Iftekhar.
Vakil Babu is a Hindi movie, which was released in April 1982.
 The movie was produced by Jawahar Kapoor and P. K. Luthra and directed by Asit Sen.
 The film stars Raj Kapoor alongside his younger brother Shashi Kapoor and also featuring Zeenat Aman, Rakesh Roshan, Kader Khan, Aruna Irani and Kishore Sahu.
 This was Raj Kapoor's last leading film role and was also the first and only time he appeared onscreen with his brother Shashi, not counting Awara, wherein Shashi Kapoor appeared as a child actor.
