Contrastive focus reduplication, also called lexical cloning or the double construction, is a type of syntactic reduplication found in some languages.
 Doubling a word or phrase – such as "do you LIKE-like him?"
 – can indicate that the prototypical meaning of the repeated word or phrase is intended.
 U.S. writer Paul Dickson coined the term word word in 1982 to describe this phenomenon.
An adjective phrase (or adjectival phrase) is a phrase whose head word is an adjective, e.g. "fond of steak", "very happy", "quite upset about it", etc.
 The adjective in an adjective phrase can initiate the phrase (e.g. "fond of steak"), conclude the phrase (e.g. "very happy"), or appear in a medial position (e.g. "quite upset about it").
 The dependents of the head adjective—i.e. the other words and phrases inside the adjective phrase—are typically adverbs or prepositional phrases, but they can also be clauses (e.g. "louder than you are").
 Adjectives and adjective phrases function in two basic ways in clauses, either attributively or predicatively.
 When they are attributive, they appear inside a noun phrase and modify that noun phrase, and when they are predicative, they appear outside the noun phrase that they modify and typically follow a linking verb
Dittography is the accidental, erroneous act of repeating a letter, word, phrase or combination of letters by a scribe or copyist.
 The term is used in the field of textual criticism.
 The opposite phenomenon, in which a copyist omits text by skipping from a word or phrase to a similar word or phrase further on, is known as haplography.
Divers hands (or more rarely dyvers hands), is an archaic phrase used to refer to a project that has been contributed to by many people. "
Divers" is a word of Latin origin ("diversus") that is still commonly used in modern French language; it literally means "many and varied".
 This usage of the word "Divers" can be found in the Bible and other older texts, but it is not commonly used in modern English.
 The phrase is still used to refer to the authorship of plays, essay collections, and short story collections by multiple authors.
A locative adverb is a type of adverb that refers to a location or to a combination of a location and a relation to that location.
 Generally, a locative adverb is semantically equivalent to a prepositional phrase involving a locative or directional preposition.
 In English, for example, "homeward" is a locative adverb, specifying a location "home" and a relation "toward" (in this case a direction), and is equivalent to the phrase "toward home".
 The relation need not be a direction, as it can be any relation that can be specified by a locational preposition such as "to", "from", "in", "at", "near", "toward", or "away from".
 For example, the word "home" is itself a locative adverb in a sentence like "I took him home today" or "I found him home today"; in the former case, it is equivalent to the phrase "to home", and in the latter to the phrase "at home".
The Latin phrase in saecula saeculorum expresses the idea of eternity and is literally translated as "unto the ages of ages."
 The phrase is the Vulgate translation of the New Testament, translating the original Koine Greek phrase "εἰς τοὺς αἰῶνας τῶν αἰώνων " ("eis toùs aionas ton aiṓnōn") e.g. Phillippians 4:20.
 The phrase expresses the eternal duration of God's attributes.
 Other variations of the phrase are found in e.g. Eph 3:21 as εἰς πάσας τὰς γενεὰς τοῦ αἰῶνος τῶν αἰώνων, ἀμήν, here referring to the glory of God, the Father, and can be translated as "from all generations for ever and ever, amen".
A cockfight is a blood sport between two cocks, or gamecocks, held in a ring called a cockpit.
 The history of raising fowl for fighting goes back 6,000 years.
 The first documented use of the "word" gamecock, denoting use of the cock as to a "game", a sport, pastime or entertainment, was recorded in 1634, after the term "cock of the game" used by George Wilson, in the earliest known book on the sport of cockfighting in "The Commendation of Cocks and Cock Fighting" in 1607.
 But it was during Magellan's voyage of discovery of the Philippines in 1521 when modern cockfighting was first witnessed and documented by Antonio Pigafetta, Magellan's chronicler, in the kingdom of Taytay.
Skeleton in the closet or skeleton in the cupboard is a colloquial phrase and idiom used to describe an undisclosed fact about someone which, if revealed, would have a negative impact on perceptions of the person; it hyperbolically evokes the idea of someone having had a (presumedly human) corpse concealed in their home so long that it had decomposed but for its bones. "Cupboard" is used in British English instead of the American English word "closet".
 It is known to have been used as a phrase, at least as early as November 1816, in the monthly British journal "The Eclectic Review", page 468.
 It is listed in both the Oxford English Dictionary, and Webster's Dictionary, under the word "skeleton".
 The "Cambridge Academic Content Dictionary" lists it under this but also as a separate idiom.
 In the most derisive of usage; murder, or significant culpability in a years-old disappearance or non-understood event (a mystery), may be implied by the phrase.
An isogram (also known as a "nonpattern word") is a logological term for a word or phrase without a repeating letter.
 It is also used by some to mean a word or phrase in which each letter appears the same number of times, not necessarily just once.
 Conveniently, the word itself is an isogram in both senses of the word, making it autological.
A noun phrase or nominal phrase (abbreviated NP) is a phrase which has generally a noun (or a pronoun) as its head word, or which performs the same grammatical function as such a phrase.
 Noun phrases are very common cross-linguistically, and they may be the most frequently occurring phrase type.
