American singer Demi Lovato has embarked six concert tours and performed live at various award ceremonies and television shows.
 Her debut promotional tour in 2008, Demi Live!
 Warm Up Tour was based in North America only and supported her debut studio album, "Don't Forget" (2008).
 At the same year, Lovato served as one of the opening acts for Jonas Brothers on their fifth concert tour, Burnin' Up Tour.
 Lovato also served as one of the opening acts for Avril Lavigne on her third concert tour, The Best Damn World Tour on selected dates in North America.
 In 2009, Lovato performed as the opening act on the Jonas Brothers World Tour 2009 with Jonas Brothers during the South American and European legs, before she continued to tour her first headlining tour, during Summer 2009, promoting her debut album "Don't Forget" and her sophomore album "Here We Go Again".
 The tour featured opening acts, David Archuleta, Jordan Pruitt and KSM.
 In 2010, Lovato performed as the opening act on Jonas Brothers' Live in Concert World Tour 2010.
 On November 1, 2010, Lovato left the tour after a dispute arose to the public light involving her apparently punching one of the dancers of the tour.
 After Lovato left, she was interned in a treatment center to seek out help.
Kenny Leon's True Colors Theatre Company is a 501(c)3 non-profit theatre company in Atlanta, GA co-founded by Tony-winning Broadway director Kenny Leon and Jane Bishop in 2002.
 True Colors Theatre Company had their inaugural season in 2003-2004 under the leadership of co-founder and Artistic Director Kenny Leon.
 True Colors Theatre Company produces world premiere plays by diverse playwrights as well as a commitment to preserving African-American classics.
 There is no permanent theater space for the company, they have dubbed themselves a "moveable feast", presenting plays at the Southwest Arts Center, Theatrical Outfits Balzer Theatre, Porter Sanford III Performing Arts Center and the Rialto Center.
"True Colors" is a song by Russian-German electronic music producer Zedd.
 The original version of the song featured uncredited vocals by Tim James and was included on Zedd's second studio album, "True Colors" (2015).
 The official single is a new version of the track with vocals provided by the American singer Kesha and was released as the album's fourth single on April 29, 2016.
 They performed the song live at Coachella 2016.
 The song appeared in "FIFA 17".
True Colors was an annual music event created by American recording artist, Cyndi Lauper.
 The concerts were headlined by Lauper and featured various music and comedy acts.
 Beginning in 2007, the trek supported the Human Rights Campaign, PFLAG and the Matthew Shepard Foundation.
 Other local and private LGBT charities and foundations were supported as the event grew.
 The tour began with 16 shows in 2007 expanding to 25 shows in 2008.
 Lauper's set during the 2008 tour was basically the North American leg of her worldwide Bring Ya to the Brink Tour that year.
 An outing in 2009 was planned and later cancelled.
 In lieu of the tour, Lauper partnered with Broadway Impact to create the True Colors Cabaret.
 The show began September 28, 2009 and ran once a month at Feinstein's at Loews Regency.
 It featured performances from Lauper, Rufus Wainwright, Lea Michele, Jonathan Groff, Jason Mraz, Sara Bareilles, Karen Olivo, Melinda Doolittle and Broadway Inspirational Voices.
 The shows ran until February 2010.
American singer Beyoncé has embarked on six concert tours during her solo career, four of which have been worldwide and two of which have been collaborative.
 Her solo tour debut (whilst on hiatus with Destiny's Child) began in 2003, with the Dangerously in Love Tour.
 Based predominantly in the United Kingdom, the tour received an unfavorable review from Dave Simpson of "The Guardian" based on Beyoncé's costumes and a confusion of her core audience at the time.
 In 2007, she embarked on her first major solo world tour – The Beyoncé Experience, following Destiny's Child's disbandment in 2005.
 The tour visited five continents and Beyoncé was lauded by music journalism for her simultaneous dancing and singing abilities.
 Following the release of her 2008 third studio album "I Am... Sasha Fierce", Beyoncé embarked on her next world concert venture, the I Am... World Tour.
 She collaborated with Thierry Mugler exclusively for the tour's costumes.
 The I Am... World Tour also marked the first time Beyoncé had performed in South American countries.
 Beyoncé saw her most commercially successful tour to date with 2013-2014's The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour.
 Grossing US $229,727,960, the 132 date venture was criticised for the name of the tour, as Beyoncé appeared to be letting herself be known as simply Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter's wife, despite being proclaimed as a "modern-day feminist".
 The tour itself however was lauded by music critics, who again praised Beyoncé's performance abilities and the more advanced production seen compared to her previous tours.
True Colors is the second album by American pop singer Cyndi Lauper, released on September 15, 1986.
 The album produced several hits as "True Colors", "Change of Heart", and "What's Going On" reached the top twenty of the "Billboard" Hot 100, with the first two becoming top 5 hits.
Ras Kimono is a Nigerian reggae artist whose debut album Under Pressure led by the single "Rum-Bar Stylée" was a big hit in the Nigerian music scene in 1989.
 Before he released his solo album, he was in a group called "The Jastix" along with Amos McRoy and Majek Fashek.
The True Colors Tour was a headlining concert tour by Russian-German music producer Zedd, launched in support of his studio album "True Colors".
 The tour visited Asia, Europe, and North America from 6 August 2015 to 11 January 2016.
The True Colors World Tour was a concert tour by American recording artist Cyndi Lauper.
 It was Lauper's first headlining world tour in 1986-87 in support of her album, "True Colors".
 The True Colors tour included dates across North America, Asia and Europe.
Cynthia Ann Stephanie "Cyndi" Lauper (born June 22, 1953) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and LGBT rights activist.
 Her career has spanned over 30 years.
 Her debut solo album "She's So Unusual" (1983) was the first debut female album to chart four top-five hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100—"Girls Just Want to Have Fun", "Time After Time", "She Bop", and "All Through the Night"—and earned Lauper the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985.
 Her success continued with the soundtrack for the motion picture "The Goonies" and her second record "True Colors" (1986).
 This album included the number one single "True Colors" and "Change of Heart", which peaked at number 3.
