A late-night talk show is a genre of talk show popular in the United States, where the format originated.
 It is generally structured around humorous monologues about the day's news, guest interviews, comedy sketches and music performances.
 The late-night talk show format was popularized, though not invented, by Johnny Carson with "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" on NBC.
 Typically the show's host conducts interviews from behind a desk, while the guest is seated on a couch.
 Many late night talk shows feature a house band which generally performs cover songs for the studio audience during commercial breaks and occasionally will back up a guest artist.
Joseph Abraham Gottlieb (February 3, 1918 – October 17, 2007), known professionally as Joey Bishop, was an American entertainer who appeared on television as early as 1948 and eventually starred in his own weekly comedy series playing a talk show host, then later hosted a late night talk show.
 He later became a member of the "Rat Pack" with Frank Sinatra, Peter Lawford, Sammy Davis, Jr., and Dean Martin.
The following is a list of recurring games, sketches, and other comedy routines from the NBC late night talk show "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", and its predecessor, "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon".
 The sketches feature host Jimmy Fallon, house band The Roots, announcer/sidekick Steve Higgins, the show's writers, celebrity guests, and audience members.
 Most of the skits below appeared only on "Late Night", while some have carried over to the "Tonight Show".
James Stannage, born 22 February 1950, is an English late night talk show radio host.
 He is best known for presenting "The Late Night James Stannage Talk Show" on Manchester's Key 103.
 He was dismissed from Key 103 in June 2005 after numerous warnings and a history of run-ins with regulator OFCOM.
"Collateral Damage" is the eleventh episode of the third season of the crime-thriller television series "Millennium".
 It premiered on the Fox network on January 22, 1999.
 The episode was written by Michael R. Perry, and directed by Thomas J. Wright.
 "Collateral Damage" featured guest appearances by O'Quinn, Jacinda Barrett, James Marsters, and radio host Art Bell as himself.
 Bell's radio show "Coast to Coast AM" was among Perry's inspirations for the script.
Night After Night with Allan Havey was a late night talk show which aired on The Comedy Channel and, later, Comedy Central from 1989 to 1992.
 The show featured the stream of consciousness of host Allan Havey, and other departures from the standard late-night talk show format.
 Havey's sidekick was Nick Bakay, who moved on to act as sidekick on Dennis Miller's short-lived late night talk show.
Jebb Fink is an American-Canadian stand-up comedian and television personality.
 Best known as a reporter and host for "the Big Breakfast" on A-Channel, Calgary.
 He won a Gemini as co-creator of the CBC comedy "An American in Canada" and was a weather presenter on "Your City" for City TV Calgary, he also hosted the short-lived late night talk show "Global Late Night" for the Global Television Network in 2004.
The Week Show is a television late night talk show sketch comedy program on Bite TV in Canada.
 It originally ran from December 2008 to mid-2010.
 The show is hosted by Matt Chin and Ricky Thompson, who started on an internet late night talk show "My Show with Matt Chin" online in 2001.
Paul Andrew Richter (born October 28, 1966) is an American actor, writer, comedian, and late night talk show announcer.
 He is best known for his role as the sidekick of Conan O'Brien on each of the host's programs: "Late Night" and "The Tonight Show" on NBC, and "Conan" on TBS.
 He is also known for his work as the voice of Mort in the "Madagascar" franchise.
David Michael Letterman (born April 12, 1947) is an American television host, comedian, writer, and producer.
 He hosted a late night television talk show for 33 years, beginning with the February 1, 1982 debut of "Late Night with David Letterman" on NBC, and ending with the May 20, 2015 broadcast of "Late Show with David Letterman" on CBS.
 In total, Letterman hosted 6,028 episodes of "Late Night" and "Late Show", surpassing friend and mentor Johnny Carson as the longest-serving late night talk show host in American television history.
 In 1996 Letterman was ranked 45th on "TV Guide"' s 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time.
