The 47th National Hockey League All-Star Game took place on January 18, 1997, at the San Jose Arena, home of the San Jose Sharks.
 The final score was Eastern Conference 11, Western Conference 7.
 This game was originally scheduled for the 1994–95 season, but was cancelled due to the 1994–95 NHL lockout.
The NBL Canada All-Star Game is an exhibition game hosted by the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL), currently matching a group of players from the Central Division against a group from the Atlantic Division.
 The first All-Star game took place at the Halifax Metro Centre in Halifax, Nova Scotia on April 1, 2012.
 In the inaugural game, the format did not take divisions into account and randomly divided players under captains Joey Haywood and Eddie Smith.
 As of 2014, the players are decided on the coaches' votes.
 No All-Star game took place for the 2014–15 NBL Canada season.
 The game takes place alongside multiple other competitions, together known as All-Star Weekend.
 These competitions include the Three-Point Long Distance Shootout and the Slam Dunk Championship.
 Neither event took place in 2015.
The 63rd National Hockey League All-Star Game, also known as the 2018 NHL All-Star Game, will be held at Amalie Arena in Tampa, Florida, home of the Tampa Bay Lightning on January 28, 2018.
 Tampa last held the NHL All Star Game in 1999.
 The All-Star Game will be played in lieu of NHL participation in the 2018 Olympics, as the NHL Board of Governors ruled against interrupting the season to send players to PyeongChang from 10–25 February.
The 54th National Hockey League All-Star Game took place during the 2003–04 NHL season and was held on February 8, 2004, at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul, Minnesota, official arena of the NHL's Minnesota Wild.
 The Eastern Conference defeated the Western Conference 6–4.
The 52nd National Hockey League All-Star Game took place on February 2, 2002, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
 The final score was World 8, North America 5.
 This was the last National Hockey League All-Star Game to have the North America vs. World All-Star format.
 It was also the last All-Star Game that was held in the same year as the Winter Olympics until the 2018 edition.
The NHL All-Star Game SuperSkills Competition, originally known as the National Hockey League All-Star Skills Competition, is an event on the night preceding the All-Star Game.
 Started at the 41st National Hockey League All-Star Game in Pittsburgh in 1990, the NHL uses the event to showcase the talents of its all-star participants.
 Events include accuracy shooting, fastest skater, Skills Challenge Relay, hardest shot, Breakaway Challenge, and an Elimination Shootout.
 The All-Star teams select representatives for each event, with points awarded to the winning team.
The 23rd National Hockey League All-Star Game was held in the St. Louis Arena in St. Louis, home of the St. Louis Blues, on January 20, 1970.
 It was the first time the All-Star Game was held at the St. Louis Arena.
 The East Division All-Stars defeated the West Division All-Stars 4–1.
 Bobby Hull was named the game's most valuable player.
The 58th National Hockey League All-Star Game, also known as the 2011 National Hockey League All-Star Game presented by Discover, was the National Hockey League's (NHL) annual All-Star Game played on January 30, 2011.
 The game took place during the 2010–11 NHL season at the RBC Center in Raleigh, North Carolina, home of the Carolina Hurricanes.
 Originally, the Game was supposed to be hosted by the Phoenix Coyotes, but due to ownership issues, the NHL decided to move the game.
 After bidding for the game reopened, it was awarded to Carolina and fulfilled a nine-year-old promise made to the franchise by NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman.
The Sixth National Hockey League All-Star Game took place at the Detroit Olympia, home of the Detroit Red Wings, on October 5, 1952.
 For the second year in a row, the format had the First and Second All-Star Teams, with additional players on each team, play each other.
 After the game ended in a tie for the second year in a row, the NHL decided that they would continue with the previous format of the Stanley Cup winner playing an all-star team.
The 53rd National Hockey League All-Star Game was held during the 2002–03 NHL season, and took place at the Office Depot Center in Sunrise, Florida, the home of the Florida Panthers, on February 2, 2003.
 It was the first All-Star Game since the 1997 All-Star Game to use the Eastern Conference–Western Conference format.
