Shawn Harrison (born December 28, 1973) is an American actor best known for having played Waldo Faldo on the sitcom "Family Matters".
 He appeared on the ABC series from 1990-1996 as the dim-witted but lovable best friend to characters Eddie Winslow and Steve Urkel and he was also a chef in training on the show as well.
American Nerd: The Story of My People is a book by Benjamin Nugent.
 The book discusses the history and origin of the term "nerd", as well as what the term means in today's age.
 Some of the important topics discussed include the racial differences for the term "nerd", such as how race played into Urkel, a nerdy character played by Jaleel White on the TV series "Family Matters".
Jaleel Ahmad White (born November 27, 1976) is an American actor.
 In 1989, he was cast in the role of Steve Urkel on the sitcom "Family Matters".
 The character, which was originally intended to be a one-time guest appearance, was an instant hit with audiences and White became a regular cast member.
 The series aired for a total of nine seasons, from 1989 to 1997 on ABC, and from 1997 to 1998 on CBS.
 Aside from this character, White is also known as the voice of Sonic the Hedgehog in the animated series "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog", "Sonic (SatAM)" and "Sonic Underground".
 He reprised the voice of Sonic in the 2013 fan film, "Sonic".
Michelle Thomas (September 23, 1968 or 1969 – December 22 or 23, 1998) was an American actress and comedian.
 She was best known for her roles as Justine Phillips on the NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show" (1988–90), and Myra Monkhouse, Steve Urkel (Jaleel White)'s girlfriend on the ABC/CBS sitcom "Family Matters" (1993–98).
"Twenty Vicodin" is the eighth season premiere episode of the American television medical drama series "House" and the 156th overall episode of the series.
 It aired on Fox on October 3, 2011.
 The episode introduces a new regular cast member to the series, Odette Annable, who plays Dr. Jessica Adams.
 Jaleel White, who played Steve Urkel on the ABC show "Family Matters", makes a guest appearance in the episode.
 In the episode, the storyline picks up eleven months after the season seventh finale with House in prison.
The second season of the television comedy series "Boy Meets World" aired between September 23, 1994 and May 19, 1995, on ABC in the United States.
 The season was produced by Michael Jacobs Productions and Touchstone Television with series creator Michael Jacobs as executive producer.
 It was broadcast as part of the ABC comedy block TGIF on Friday evening, airing at 8:30 between "Family Matters" and "Step by Step".
 This is the last season to have Lily Nicksay portray Morgan Matthews.
 (She would be replaced by Lindsay Ridgeway in season three.)
Family Matters is an American sitcom which originated on ABC from September 22, 1989 to May 9, 1997, before moving to CBS from September 19, 1997 to July 17, 1998.
 A spin-off of "Perfect Strangers," the series revolves around the Winslow family, a middle-class African American family living in Chicago, Illinois.
 Midway through the first season, the show introduced the Winslows' nerdy neighbor Steve Urkel (Jaleel White), who quickly became its breakout character and eventually the show's main character.
 Having run for nine seasons, "Family Matters" became the second longest-running non-animated US sitcom with a predominantly African American cast, behind only "The Jeffersons" (11).
 Having aired 215 episodes, "Family Matters" is ranked third, behind only "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" (254), and "The Jeffersons" (253).
"Family Matters" is an American sitcom revolving around the Winslow family, a middle-class African-American family living in Chicago; the series ran for nine seasons (eight on ABC and one on CBS).
 The series is a spin-off of "Perfect Strangers".
 Midway through the first season, the show introduced the Winslows' nerdy neighbor Steve Urkel (played by Jaleel White), who quickly became its breakout character and eventually a main character.
 The series had a total of 12 main characters, with some characters portrayed by multiple actors.
Total Blackout is an American game show airing on Syfy which features contestants that have to complete challenges such as: identifying things with either their hands, nose, or mouth; gathering items; or getting from point A to Point B while being totally in the dark (hence the name "Total Blackout").
 The host of the show is Jaleel White, known for roles like Steve Urkel on the ABC/CBS sitcom Family Matters, and Sonic the Hedgehog in three animated shows.
 Each episode has four players competing to win $5,000.
 On occasion, episodes will feature four teams of two.
 The player or team who either takes the longest to do a certain task or identifies the fewest items in the allowed time is eliminated at the end of each round.
 The show was renewed for a second season by SyFy that started on October 30, 2012.
Steven Quincy Urkel is a fictional character on the ABC/CBS sitcom "Family Matters" who was portrayed by Jaleel White.
 Originally slated to have been a one-time only character on the show, he soon became its most popular character and gradually became its protagonist.
