Pentastar: In the Style of Demons is the third full-length studio album by the drone doom band Earth.
 It has a more rock-oriented sound than their earlier drone doom work, although in a very minimalist style.
 "Peace in Mississippi" is a cover of the Jimi Hendrix song.
 The original vinyl release of this album has an alternative take of "Peace in Mississippi".
 The car depicted on the cover is a "Sassy Grass Green" Plymouth Barracuda with the car's iconic hockey-stick decal saying "Earth."
 The "Pentastar" named in the album title is an apparent reference to the brand logo of Chrysler, parent company of Plymouth and also a reference to the fact that this is the fifth CD by Earth (its predecessor being 1995's Sunn Amps and Smashed Guitars).
Fial ("Fabbrica Italiana Automobili Legnano"), direct translation "Italian Automobile Factory Legnano", was a company that manufactured industrial and marine engines in Legnano.
 In 1906 it entered the automobile business and manufactured one car, Legnano Type A 6/8 HP.
 The car had a two-cylinder 1135 cc engine.
 Two years later in 1908, the company was placed in liquidation after filing for bankruptcy.
 In 1909 the company was taken over by Rosa & Ferrario and car production ended.
 The 6/8 model was the only model they ever produced.
 The Legnano is at display on Museo Nazionale dell'Automobile in Turin.
Demons and Wizards is a power metal band conceived as a side-project by vocalist for Blind Guardian, Hansi Kürsch, and the guitarist for Iced Earth, Jon Schaffer.
 Schaffer writes the music and Kürsch writes the lyrics.
 The band's line-up during the recording of their first album in 1999 also featured Mark Prator, who was the drummer on a few Iced Earth albums, and Jim Morris doing most of the guitar solos, Morris also having worked with Iced Earth in the past.
The Blessed and the Damned is a double CD best of compilation album by the American heavy metal band Iced Earth.
 The CD-booklet can be reversed, to show either angels or demons on the cover.
 The booklet also includes Jon Schaffer's comments on previous albums and his life.
 Even though the CD was released after "The Glorious Burden", the biography in the booklet makes no mention of it.
 This is probably because Iced Earth left their record label Century Media Records prior to "The Glorious Burden", and signed with SPV.
 In turn, Century Media released this compilation album.
The Chevrolet Corvette, known colloquially as the Vette or Chevy Corvette, is a sports car manufactured by Chevrolet.
 The car has been produced through seven generations.
 The first model, a convertible, was introduced at the GM Motorama in 1953 as a concept show car.
 Myron Scott is credited for naming the car after the type of small, maneuverable warship called a corvette.
 Originally built in Flint, Michigan and St. Louis, Missouri, the Corvette is currently manufactured in Bowling Green, Kentucky and is the official sports car of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Asmodeus ( ; Greek: Ασμοδαίος , "Asmodaios") or Ashmedai ( ; Hebrew: אַשְמְדּאָי‎ ‎ , "ʾAšmədʾāy"; see below for other variations) is a "king of demons" mostly known from the deuterocanonical Book of Tobit, in which he is the primary antagonist.
 The demon is also mentioned in some Talmudic legends; for instance, in the story of the construction of the Temple of Solomon.
 He was supposed by some Renaissance Christians to be the King of the Nine Hells.
 Asmodeus also is referred to as one of the seven princes of Hell.
 In Binsfeld's classification of demons, each one of these princes represents one of the seven deadly sins (Lust, Gluttony, Greed, Sloth, Wrath, Envy, and Pride).
 Asmodeus is the demon of lust and is therefore responsible for twisting people's sexual desires, as seen in the book of Tobias especially.
 He is also said to be here on Earth after millions of years in hell.
 In Jewish and Islamic lore he is the king of the demons (Shedim/Jinn).
Demons is the third studio album by American post-hardcore band Get Scared, released on October 30, 2015 via Fearless Records.
 The album marks a departure from previous releases, such as "Everyone's Out to Get Me" and "Built for Blame, Laced With Shame" in favor of a style reminiscent of the band's 2009 EP "Cheap Tricks and Theatrics" with metalcore elements mixed in.
 "Demons" was produced with Erik Ron who also worked with the band on "Everyone's Out to Get Me" and "Built for Blame, Laced With Shame" and received positive reviews upon release.
 The hands of the clock on the cover show time that does not exist.
 Since, the hand that shows the hours is slightly past 1 o'clock, and the minute hand is located between eleven and twelve.
The Fiat 124 Sport Spider is a monocoque, front-engine, rear drive 2+2 convertible sports car manufactured by Fiat Automobiles for model years 1966-1980.
 Designed and manufactured by Italian carrozzeria Pininfarina, the 124 Spider debuted at the November 1966 Turin Auto Show.
 Fiat later marketed the car as the 2000 Spider (1979-1982), and Pininfarina marketed the car at the end of its production as the Pininfarina Spider Azzura (1983-1985).
The Friend was an automobile manufactured in Pontiac, Michigan by the Friend Motors Corporation in 1920.
 Otis Friend had taken over the Olympian Motor Company in 1920, and manufactured that car until the car named after himself was ready.
 The Friend was shown at the New York Automobile Show in January 1921, featured a four-cylinder engine, a 112-inch (2842mm) wheelbase, and had a five-seater, two-door roadster body.
 Wooden artillery and wire wheels were options.
 The Friend originally sold for $1585.
 With sales sluggish, the price was reduced further to $1185, but this had no effect, and production ended with fewer than fifty cars built.
 A six-cylinder model was planned, but the company went out of business before any were manufactured.
A "late model car" is a car which has been recently designed or manufactured, often the latest model.
 (An "early model car" or "classic car" is a car old enough to be of historical interest; there is no usual intermediate term.)
 The term is broadly used in car racing, and often appears in common use, as in: "The officer was driving an unmarked, late model sedan."
