Emu is a beer brand name now owned by Lion.
 It was originally brewed by the Emu Brewery in 1908 until the brewery's sale to the Swan Brewery in 1927.
 The production of the Emu branded beer continued from a separate autonomous brewery in Perth until 1978, and then was relocated to a combined brewery in Canning Vale.
 In 2014 Lion Nathan moved production of both the Emu and Swan beer brands to the company's West End Brewery in South Australia.
A beer shop (also referred to as beershop) is a retail store where beer and other goods related to beer are sold.
 Beer shops can be found all around the world, but there are many located in famous beer countries like Belgium, Germany or England.
 Beer shops range in size, and may be located on streets or in shopping malls.
 Beer shops usually offer many different kinds of beer brands.
 Some shops offer only regional beer brands which are famous or well known in their region.
 Others also offer a big range of beer including beer brand from all around the world.
Leonardus (Leo) Petrus Beukeboom (1943) is a signpainter and lettering artist from De Pijp, Amsterdam perhaps best known for his krulletters ("curly letters") that adorn the city's bruin cafes ("brown cafes") throughout the central neighborhoods of the Jordaan, de Pijp, and Nieuwe Zijde.
 Beukeboom was originally trained as a typographic compositor, holding both a diploma and certificate in layout from the Amsterdamse Grafische School.
 After completing his courses in 1962, Beukeboom worked trivial jobs until 1967 when he began working as a freelance signpainter, almost exclusively for the Amsterdam-based Heineken brewery which commissioned him to decorate cafes as a general advertising strategy, a collaboration that lasted until 1989.
 Beukeboom devoted over thirty years decorating cafes in the krulletters tradition, until 2001 when forced to retire due to health reasons.
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (] ; abbreviated as AB InBev) is the largest beer company in the world.
 It had 200 brands prior to the merger with SABMiller on October 10, 2016.
 The combined ABInBev/SAB Miller entity has approximately 400 beer brands as of January 2017.
Ice beer is a marketing term for pale lager beer brands which have undergone some degree of fractional freezing somewhat similar to the German Eisbock production method.
 These brands generally have higher alcohol content than typical beer and generally have a low price relative to their alcohol content.
Christian Moerlein Brewing Co. is a private beer company that began production in 1853 in Cincinnati, Ohio by German immigrant Christian Moerlein.
 Before closing its doors in 1919 as result of prohibition, Christian Moerlein was among the ten largest American breweries by volume.
 In 1981, the brand was revived by the Hudepohl Brewing Company as a "better beer" a precursor to the current craft beer category and is considered a pioneer craft beer of today's craft beer movement.
 In 1999, Hudepohl-Schoenling Brewing Co. sold out to a group of out-of-town owners, a sale that included the famed Christian Moerlein craft beer brand.
 In 2004, Greg Hardman a Cincinnati resident purchased Christian Moerlein, as well as 65 other historic Cincinnati brands, returning local ownership to Cincinnati in a move that included a plan to return Cincinnati's grand brewing traditions.
 The four phase plan was, 1) return the local ownership of Cincinnati's great beer brands to Cincinnati; 2) build their base of sales to; 3) open local brewing operations in the heart of Cincinnati's historic Brewery District and; 4) open a World-class Moerlein Lager House on the banks of the Ohio River to act as a signal that beer is back in Cincinnati.
Heineken International is a group which owns a worldwide portfolio of over 170 beer brands, mainly pale lager, though some other beer styles are produced.
 As of 2006, Heineken owns over 125 breweries in more than 70 countries and employs approximately 57,557 people.
Karlovačko is a popular beer in Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
 It is the signature product of brewer Karlovačka Pivovara, located in the city of Karlovac.
 It has an alcohol content of about 5.4 percent by volume.
 Its makers describe it as "golden-yellow" in color and "refreshingly" bitter in taste.
 It won a 2005 Brewing Industry International Award golden medal in the category of beers with 4.5 to 5.5 percent alcohol.
 Pictured here in a brown bottle, Karlovačko is now sold in green bottles (also in cans and plastic packaging).
 A new era of the brewery business, then called the Karlovačka pivovara, began on 1 April 2003.
 That was when HEINEKEN, the most international brewer, became the owner of the brewery.
 As a successful and significant part of the HEINEKEN company, Karlovačka pivovara took the name Heineken Hrvatska d.o.o. on 10 December 2014.
 In its portfolio Heineken Hrvatska has top-level products that will satisfy the tastes of adult beer lovers on various occasions.
 Besides Karlovačko beer, the family of beer also includes: Karlovačko 0.0% Maxx, Karlovačko Limun Natur Radler, Karlovačko Laganini Natur Radler, Karlovačko Leđero Natur Radler, Karlovačko nepasterizirano Retro and Karlovačko crno.
 They also have international brands such as Heineken, Amstel Premium Pilsener, Edelweiss Snowfresh, Desperados, Affligem, cider No 1 in the world - Strongbow and Stari lisac, local cider.
 In their portfolio there are also Laško Zlatorog, Laško Special beers in three flavors and Union Radler grapefruit.
Vífilfell is the Icelandic franchisee for brands of The Coca-Cola Company.
 Those brands include Coca-Cola, Sprite, Fanta, Fresca, Powerade, Magic and Burn.
 Vífilfell also produces some beer brands along with local fruit juices and a chocolate milk drink Kappi.
Birra Tirana "(English: Tirana Beer )" is a beer company based in Tirana, Albania.
 It is the largest beer producer and the largest selling beer in the country.
 It is also exported and sold in Kosovo and the United States.
 The company is fabricated by Birra Malto Brewery.
 It currently produces three different beer brands.
 Birra Tirana is sold both in bottles and cans of 0.33 lit and 0.5 lit and also in kegs 30 liters and 50 liters.
