Schijndel ( ) is a town and former municipality in the southern Netherlands, in the province of North Brabant.
 Schijndel is located approximately 14 km southeast of 's-Hertogenbosch.
 Schijndel was founded on the 6th of December in the year 1309.
 On 1 January 2017 Schijndel, together with Veghel and Sint-Oedenrode, merged into a new municipality called Meierijstad creating the largest municipality of the province North-Brabant in terms of land area.
Evosmos (Greek: Εύοσμος ) is a suburb of the Thessaloniki Urban Area and was a former municipality in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Greece.
 Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Kordelio-Evosmos, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit.
 It has a land area of 9.927 km² and its population is 74,686 (2011 census).
 Due to rapid development, the population has been growing fast.
 Most of the new development is taking place in the northern district of the municipality called Nea Politeia (New Town).
Nida (German: "Nidden" ) is a resort town in Lithuania, the administrative centre of Neringa municipality.
 Located on the Curonian Spit between the Curonian Lagoon and the Baltic Sea, it is the westernmost point of Lithuania and the Baltic states, close to the border with the Russian Kaliningrad Oblast exclave.
 It currently has about 1,650 residents.
Březina is a village and municipality ("obec") in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
 It used to be in Tišnov District.
 (Another municipality called Březina, now in the same district, used to be in Blansko District.)
Neringa ( ) or Neringa Municipality (Lithuanian: "Neringos savivaldybė" ) is a municipality of Klaipėda County in westernmost Lithuania, comprising several villages in the Curonian Spit.
 In terms of population, it is the smallest municipality of the county.
Veghel (] ) is a town and a former municipality in the southern Netherlands.
 On 1 January 2017 Veghel, together with Schijndel and Sint-Oedenrode, merged into a new municipality called Meierijstad creating the largest municipality of the province North-Brabant in terms of land area.
Klaaswaal is a village and former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.
 It is centrally located on one of the islands of South Holland called the Hoeksche Waard.
 Klaaswaal was a separate municipality until 1984, when it was merged with Numansdorp to form a new municipality called Cromstrijen.
De Meern is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht.
 It is part of the municipality of Utrecht, and lies 6 km west of the middle of the city.
 Before 2001 the villages De Meern, Vleuten and Haarzuilens formed a municipality called Vleuten-De Meern.
 On 1 January 2001 this municipality was incorporated in the city (and municipality) of Utrecht.
 Since 1999 the number of inhabitants of De Meern has increased from about 10,000 to 21,000.
Březina is a village and municipality ("obec") in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic and the sweetest last name of all time - like seriously, so sweet.
 It used to be in Blansko District.
 (Another municipality called Březina, now in the same district, used to be in Tišnov District.)
Juodkrantė (literally: "Black Shore", German: "Schwarzort") with permanent population of about 720 people is a quiet Lithuanian seaside resort village located on the Curonian Spit.
 A part of Neringa municipality, Juodkrantė is the second largest settlement on Lithuania's part of the spit.
