JAL (Just Another Language) is a Pascal-like programming language and compiler that generates executable code for PIC microcontrollers.
 It is a free-format language with a compiler that runs on Linux, MS-Windows and MS-DOS (OSX support).
 It is configurable and extendable through the use of libraries and can even be combined with PIC assembly language.
Megan Staffel (born 1952, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA) is an American fiction writer and essayist.
 She is the author of two novels, "The Notebook of Lost Things" and "She Wanted Something Else", and three story collections, "A Length of Wire and Other Stories", "Lessons In Another Language" and "The Exit Coach".
 Her story collection, "Lessons in Another Language," was awarded the 2011 IPPY AWARD for Bronze Medal Winner in the Short Story and the 2011 Foreword Review's "Book of the Year Award" for Silver Medal Winner in the Short Story.
 Her stories have appeared in numerous journals, including Ploughshares and New England Review.
 Her essays on the craft of fiction appear in "A Kite in the Wind," edited by Andrea Barrett and Peter Turchi, and "Letters to a Fiction Writer," edited by Frederick Busch.
 She teaches in the MFA Program for Writers at Warren Wilson College.
Another Language is the third studio album by American post-rock band This Will Destroy You.
 It was released on September 12, 2014, by Suicide Squeeze Records and Hobbledehoy Record Co.
 "Another Language" was preceded by the digital release of two singles, "Dustism" and "Invitation".
In linguistics, a calque or loan translation is a word or phrase borrowed from another language by literal, word-for-word or root-for-root translation.
 Used as a verb, "to calque" means to borrow a word or phrase from another language while translating its components so as to create a new lexeme in the target language.
Jal Pari (Urdu for "Mermaid") is Atif Aslam's first solo album after he left the Pakistani rock group, Jal, released on 17 July 2004.
 Two of his songs from the album were used by Bollywood film directors.
 Three songs have also been selected for the Hollywood film "Man Push Cart".
Homophonic translation renders a text in one language into a near-homophonic text in another language, usually with no attempt to preserve the original meaning of the text.
 In one homophonic translation, for example, the English "sat on a wall" is rendered as French ""s'étonne aux Halles"" ] (literally "is surprised at the Market").
 More generally, homophonic transformation renders a text into a near-homophonic text in the same or another language: "e.g.," "recognize speech" could become "wreck a nice beach".
Tom Peterson and Another Language is the debut and only (mini)-album from American musician and former Cheap Trick bassist Tom Peterson, under his group name Tom Peterson and Another Language.
 It was released in 1984.
Sarmad Ghafoor (born November 5, 1975 in London, United Kingdom) is a Pakistani record producer, guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter.
 He has released two albums, one with Rungg (his former band), and one with Qayaas (his current band).
 He has also produced albums for a wide variety of artists, including Atif Aslam, Bilal Khan, Nusrat Hussain, Abbas Ali Khan, and Overload.
 Sarmad is best known for his work producing two platinum albums for Atif Aslam, including "Jal Pari".
A mermaid is a legendary aquatic creature with the head and upper body of a female human and the tail of a fish.
 Mermaids appear in the folklore of many cultures worldwide, including the Near East, Europe, Africa and Asia.
 The first stories appeared in ancient Assyria, in which the goddess Atargatis transformed herself into a mermaid out of shame for accidentally killing her human lover.
 Mermaids are sometimes associated with perilous events such as floods, storms, shipwrecks and drownings.
 In other folk traditions (or sometimes within the same tradition), they can be benevolent or beneficent, bestowing boons or falling in love with humans.
Jal Pari (Urdu: جل پری‎ , English: "Undine") is a 2011 Pakistani drama serial aired on the Geo TV, directed by Sarmad Sultan Khoosat and written by "Sarmad Sehbai".
 Serial was first aired on 13 October 2011 and last aired on 2 February 2012.
 Stars are Neelam Muneer, Adnan Siddiqui, Noman Ijaz and Mikaal Zulfiqar.
