Kenema is the second largest city in Sierra Leone, and the largest city in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone.
 The city is the capital of Kenema District and is a major economic center of the Eastern Province.
 Kenema officially overtook Bo as Sierra Leone second largest city, after it's surpassed Bo by population in the 2015 Sierra Leone national census.
Baghdad (Arabic: بغداد‎ ‎ , ) is the capital of Iraq.
 The population of Baghdad, as of 2016 , is approximately 8,765,000, making it the largest city in Iraq, the second largest city in the Arab world (after Cairo, Egypt), and the second largest city in Western Asia (after Tehran, Iran).
Osaka (大阪市 , Ōsaka-shi ) (] ;    ) is a designated city in the Kansai region of Japan.
 It is the capital city of Osaka Prefecture and the largest component of the Keihanshin Metropolitan Area, the second largest metropolitan area in Japan and among the largest in the world with over 19 million inhabitants.
 Situated at the mouth of the Yodo River on Osaka Bay, Osaka is the second largest city in Japan by daytime population after Tokyo's 23 wards and the third largest city by nighttime population after Tokyo's 23 wards and Yokohama, serving as a major economic hub for the country.
Iraan ( ) is a city in Pecos County, Texas, United States.
 The population was 1,229 at the 2010 census.
 It was named for Ira and Ann Yates, owners of the ranch land upon which the town was built.
 It is the second largest city in the second largest county in the second largest state.
Oriental (French: "L'Oriental", Arabic: الجهة الشرقية, Berber: "Tagmuḍant", ⵜⴰⴳⵎⵓⴹⴰⵏ) is one of the sixteen former regions of Morocco.
 It covers an area of 82,900 km² and has a population of 1,918,094 (2004 census).
 The capital and largest city is Oujda, and the second largest city is Nador.
Ostrava (Polish: "Ostrawa" , German: "Ostrau" or "Mährisch Ostrau") is a city in the north-east of the Czech Republic and is the capital of the Moravian-Silesian Region.
 It is 15 km from the border with Poland, at the meeting point of four rivers: the Odra, Opava, Ostravice and Lučina.
 In terms of both population and area Ostrava is the third largest city in the Czech Republic, the second largest city in Moravia, and the largest city in Czech Silesia; it straddles the border of the two historic provinces of Moravia and Silesia.
 The population was around 300,000 in 2013.
 The wider conurbation – which also includes the towns of Bohumín, Doubrava, Havířov, Karviná, Orlová, Petřvald and Rychvald – is home to around 500,000 people, making it the largest urban area in the Czech Republic apart from the capital, Prague.
Casablanca (Arabic: الدار البيضاء‎ , "ad-dār al-bayḍāʾ " ‎ ; Berber: ; local informal name: "Kaẓa"), located in the central-western part of Morocco bordering the Atlantic Ocean, is the largest city in Morocco.
 It is also the largest city in the Maghreb, as well as one of the largest and most important cities in Africa, both economically and demographically.
Kadgaon is a town situated Gadhinglaj Taluka of Kolhapur District situated in the southwest corner of the state of Maharashtra, India.
 Kadgaon is about 4 km from Gadhinglaj, 79 km from Kolhapur.
Kadgaon is situated on MH SH 134 and is about 15 km from National Highway 4 (NH4).
 It is managed by Town Council.
 It is in the phase of transforming from a small town to a bustling city.
 It is the second largest city after Gadhinglaj in Gadhinglaj Taluka also second largest city in Gadhinglaj sub division which Include talukas of Gadhinglaj, Ajra, Bhudargad, Chandgad.
 As of 2012 it has a population of about 20,851.
 Kadgaon has amenities that are of the level of Municipal Council in India.
 Kadgaon has developed as an industrial hub in recent years.
 It has a strong agricultural sector and is known for its sugarcane, jaggery and red chili production.
 It is well connected to all of Kolhapur and Maharashtra.
 It has a very excellent civic amenities.
 Like in most of the case in the Maharashtra the primary Language spoken is Marathi with 20,851 speaking as their primary Language.
Tan-Tan (Arabic: طانطان‎ ‎ , Berber: ) is a city in Tan-Tan Province in the region of Guelmim-Oued Noun in south-western Morocco.
 It is a desert town with a population (2014 census) of 73,209.
 It is the largest city in the province and second largest city in the region after the capital Guelmim.
 It is located on the banks of the wadi Oued Ben Jelil, which flows into the Draa River 15 km north of the town.
 The Draa River, at 1,100 km is the longest in Morocco and flows into the Atlantic Ocean soon after the confluence with the wadi.
 The town also has an airport, Tan Tan Plage Blanche Airport.
Morocco Mall (Arabic: مول المغرب‎ ‎ ) is the second largest shopping centre in Africa with 200 000m² of floor space in Casablanca, Morocco.
 Morocco Mall, which opened on December 1, 2011, was designed by Architect Davide Padoa of Design International, a global architecture boutique with its headquarters in London.
