Lieutenant colonel is a rank of commissioned officer in the armies and most marine forces and some air forces of the world, above a major and below a colonel.
 The rank of lieutenant colonel is often shortened to simply "colonel" in conversation and in unofficial correspondence.
 Sometimes, the term, 'half-colonel' is used in casual conversation in the British Army.
 A lieutenant colonel is typically in charge of a battalion in the army.
William Waldorf Astor III, 4th Viscount Astor (born 27 December 1951) is a prominent English businessman and politician who sits as a Conservative hereditary Lord Temporal in the House of Lords.
 He is a member of the Astor family known for its prominence in business, society, and politics in both the United States and England in the 19th and 20th centuries.
John Jacob Astor III (June 10, 1822 – February 22, 1890) was an American financier, philanthropist and a soldier during the American Civil War.
 He was a prominent member of the Astor family, becoming the wealthiest family member in his generation and the founder of their English branch.
Caroline Webster "Lina" Schermerhorn (September 21, 1830 – October 30, 1908) was a prominent American socialite of the last quarter of the 19th century.
 Famous for being referred to later in life as ""the" Mrs. Astor" or simply "Mrs. Astor", she was the wife of businessman, racehorse breeder/owner, and yachtsman William Backhouse Astor Jr. (1829–1892).
 Their son, Colonel John Jacob Astor IV, perished on the RMS "Titanic".
 Through her marriage, she was a prominent member of the Astor family and matriarch of the male line of American Astors.
John Jacob "Jack" Astor IV (July 13, 1864 – April 15, 1912) was an American businessman, real estate builder, investor, inventor, writer, lieutenant colonel in the Spanish–American War, and a prominent member of the Astor family.
William Backhouse Astor Jr. (July 12, 1829 – April 25, 1892) was a businessman, racehorse breeder/owner, and yachtsman.
 He was also a prominent member of the Astor family.
 While his elder brother financier/philanthropist John Jacob Astor III (1822–1890) was head of the English line of Astors, William Jr. was the patriarch of the male line of American Astors.
The 1st Para-Commando Battalion (also known as The Cheetahs) is an elite Commando unit in the Bangladesh Army, established in 1976 inspired by the British Special Air Service.
 Headquartered in Sylhet, its raising commanding officer was Lieutenant Colonel Md.
 Zahurul Alam (retired as brigadier general in 2010).
 Some renowned officers of this unit are (before raising this unit, they were commandos but they were not in any commando unit.
 But now the commando unit has been raised so that their name has been kept in this unit.
 They all are war heroes, so it's also an honour for this unit): Late Lieutenant General Ziaur Rahman, Late Brigadier Khaled Mosharraf, Late Colonel A.T.M. Haider, Late Colonel Abu Taher, Lieutenant Colonel (Shaheed) Abdus Salam, Lieutenant Colonel Md.
 Mustafizur Rahman, Colonel Saiful Islam, Late Major M. Anwar Hossain (Hell Commando) etc.
William Waldorf "Willy" Astor, 1st Viscount Astor (March 31, 1848 – October 18, 1919) was a wealthy American-born attorney, politician, businessman, and newspaper publisher.
 He moved with his family to England in 1891, became a British subject in 1899, and was made a peer as Baron Astor in 1916 and Viscount Astor in 1917 for his contributions to war charities.
 He was a prominent member of the Astor family.
Senior lieutenant colonel ("SLTC") is a senior officer rank in the Singapore Armed Forces, ranking just above lieutenant colonel and below colonel.
 The senior lieutenant colonel rank designates those who have been tapped for higher appointments in the army, navy and air force.
 The insignia for the rank of SLTC consists of two Singapore state crests and a pair of laurels.
John Jacob "Jakey" Astor VI (August 14, 1912 – June 26, 1992) was an American socialite, shipping businessman, and member of the Astor family.
 He was dubbed the ""Titanic" Baby" for his affiliation with the RMS "Titanic"; Astor was born four months after his father, Colonel John Jacob Astor IV, died in the sinking of the "Titanic", but his mother, Madeleine Astor, survived.
