Torrid is an American women's retail chain formerly owned by Hot Topic.
 While it is still under the same parent umbrella as Hot Topic, in 2015 the company branched off to become Torrid, LLC.
 The store offers plus-size clothing and accessories for women and teenage girls sizes 10- 30.
 Torrid began operations in April 2001.
 The first location opened in the Brea Mall in Brea, California.
 As of 2016, Torrid has over 400 stores in operation across 36 states in the United States.
 Torrid opened its first store location in Canada (Toronto) in August 2015.
Christina Tosi (born 1981 ) is an American chef, author, and television personality.
 She is the chef, founder, and owner of Momofuku Milk Bar, the sister bakery to the Momofuku restaurant group.
 Milk Bar consists of a central bakery that produces baked goods daily for five retail outlets in New York City and a sixth location in Toronto, Canada.
 A seventh location was originally planned to open in Washington, D.C. during summer 2015, and finally opened in October 2015.
 The central bakery also provides baked goods for other restaurants in the Momofuku group and individuals by shipping nationally and internationally.
 In February 2016, it was announced that an eighth location was planned to open at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas in Nevada.
 At the time of the announcement, it was unclear if the Nevada branch would also be supplied by the Brooklyn-based central bakery.
 After a long delay, the Las Vegas location opened in December 2016.
California City Correctional Center is a privately owned prison for men, operated by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation to house a maximum of 2304 state inmates at Level II security (low-medium security).
 The facility is leased from its owner, Corrections Corporation of America, and is located n California City, Kern County, California.
El Centro is a city in and county seat of Imperial County, California, the largest city in the Imperial Valley, east anchor of the Southern California Border Region, and the core urban area and principal city of the El Centro metropolitan area which encompasses all of Imperial County.
 El Centro is also the largest American city to lie entirely below sea level (-42 ft ).
 The city, located in the far southeastern corner of California, is near the major Southern California city of San Diego and the Mexican city of Mexicali.
California City Municipal Airport (FAA LID: L71) is 2 mile northwest of California City, in the Fremont Valley of Kern County, California.
L. L. Berger was a high-end Department Store based in Buffalo, New York.
 The family owned store was started by Louis L. Berger in 1905, at 500 Main Street.
 The company grew through the next two decades and opened its flagship store at 514 Main Street on February 4, 1929.
 The first suburban branch opened in 1953, at Thruway Plaza (later Thruway Mall) in Cheektowaga, New York, followed in 1960, with a location at Sheridan Plaza, in Tonawanda (Town), New York.
 At the death of its founder in 1967, the L. L. Berger company was "compared in fashion retailing to Saks Fifth Avenue and Lord and Taylor in New York, I. Magnin in San Francisco, and Neiman Marcus in Dallas."
 Expansion continued with stores opening in 1969, at the Seneca Mall, in West Seneca, New York and 1970, at the Northtown Plaza in Amherst, New York.
 Additional stores opened in 1975, at the Lockport Mall, in Lockport, New York; in 1982 at the Transitown Plaza in Clarence, New York; in 1988 at the McKinley Mall, in Hamburg, New York; and in 1989 at the Walden Galleria in Cheektowaga, New York.
 A second Buffalo location opened at 510 Elmwood Avenue in the early 1980s.
 The company filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1991.
 In the early 2000s the flagship store was renovated to be upscale apartments and commercial space.
Busboys and Poets is a restaurant, bookstore, lounge, and theater in Washington, D.C., founded in 2005 by Andy Shallal.
 A second location opened in Shirlington, Virginia in 2007; a third location opened in DC's Mount Vernon Triangle neighborhood in 2008; a fourth in Hyattsville, Maryland opened in July 2011; a fifth at DC's Brookland neighborhood opened in 2014; and a sixth opened in DC's Takoma Park neighborhood opened in 2015.
 It has been described as a haven for writers, thinkers and performers from America's progressive social and political movements.
Midtown Walmart is a controversial proposal by Walmart to build a 203000 sqft supercenter location on a 4.6 acre site in the planned sub-district of Midtown in the city of Miami, Florida, USA.
 The initial proposal did not meet local regulations and was rejected in February 2013, but was redesigned by Gensler and approved by the city commission in August 2013.
 It has faced public and political opposition from area residents, business owners, and community activists even as it has been adapted to meet strict zoning regulations that resulted in the design differing greatly from the typical layout, such as utilizing second story roof parking versus a surface lot and street liner retail instead of a blank wall perimeter.
 The original 2012 plan included 10500 sqft of retail and about 550 parking spaces on two levels above the 184000 sqft store.
 This more urban footprint is similar to what Walmart did to build a location in Santurce, (downtown) San Juan, Puerto Rico, known as "Plaza 18", as well as Washington, D.C. where the city's first Walmart is a true mixed-use development, with third party retail as well as 300 apartments above the store.
 Purchased in January 2014 for US$8.2 million, the currently vacant site sits at the southern tip of Midtown between North Miami Avenue and Midtown Boulevard from Northeast 29th and 31st Streets, between the burgeoning neighborhoods of Wynwood and Edgewater.
 It would be the first traditional Walmart location within the actual City of Miami limits, although there are several locations just outside city limits in Doral, Hialeah, Gladeview, North Miami Beach, and Westchester, as well as a "Neighborhood Market" in the western fringes of the city.
 In January 2016, Fort Lauderdale opened its first Walmart.
 After more than a year of litigation, Walmart won a court battle in August 2015.
 Specifically the litigation targeted the proposed zoning variance for two extra loading berths and traffic congestion caused by the development.
 Ridership at the Northside Metrorail station increased significantly after the adjacent Gladeview location opened.
 Other criticism is due to the fabric of the neighborhood amid an urban revival that included small, locally owned businesses and warehouse renovation versus new construction.
 However, the Midtown development already contains a Target and a Ross.
California City is a city incorporated in 1965 in the northern Antelope Valley in Kern County, California, 65 mi southwest of Death Valley National Park.
 The population was 14,120 at the 2010 census making California City the 331st largest city in the state by population.
 Covering 203.631 sqmi , the city is the third largest city in the state by area.
The California City Whiptails are a professional baseball team based in California City, California scheduled to begin play in 2017.
 They are a member of the Pecos League, an independent baseball league which is not affiliated with MLB or Minor League Baseball.
