Firstar Center was the name previously used by two buildings before Firstar Corporation changed its name to U.S. Bancorp.
 The two buildings are now named:
The Prince Motor Company was a Japanese automobile manufacturer from 1952 until its merger with Nissan in 1966.
 Prince began as the Tachikawa Aircraft Company, a manufacturer of various airplanes for the Japanese Army in World War II, e.g., the Ki-36, Ki-55 and Ki-74.
 Tachikawa Aircraft Company was dissolved after the war and the company took the name Fuji Precision Industries.
 It diversified into automobiles, producing an electric car, the Tama, in 1946, named for the region the company originated in, Tama, using the Ohta series PC/PD platform.
 The company changed its name to Prince in 1952 to honor Prince Akihito's formal investiture as Crown Prince.
 In 1954 they changed their name back to Fuji Precision Industries, and in 1961 changed the name back again to Prince Motor Company.
 In 1966, they became part of Nissan, while the Prince organization remained in existence inside Nissan, as "Nissan Prince Store" in Japan until Nissan consolidated the Prince dealership network into "Nissan Blue Stage" in 1999.
Lynx Software Technologies, Inc. (formerly LynuxWorks) is a San Jose, California software company founded in 1988.
 Lynx Software Technologies specializes in secure virtualization and open and reliable real-time operating system (RTOS).
 Originally known as Lynx Real-Time Systems, the company changed its name to LynuxWorks in 2000 after acquiring, and merging with, ISDCorp (Integrated Software & Devices Corporation) a nine-year-old embedded systems company with a strong Linux background.
 In May 2014, the company changed its name to Lynx Software Technologies as a representation of the company’s forward direction as the LynxOS RTOS family of products and the LynxSecure hypervisor continued to gain increased traction both with current customers and markets, and with the new Internet connected embedded world.
The Advance Thresher/Emerson-Newton Implement Company buildings in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, are a pair of buildings designed by Kees and Colburn.
 The two buildings are united under a common cornice and appear to be a single structure.
 However, the two buildings were actually built four years apart.
 The Advance Thresher Company building was built in 1900 and has six floors.
 The adjacent Emerson-Newton Plow Company building was built in 1904 and has seven floors.
Beer, called maekju (맥주 ; 麥酒 ) in Korean, was first introduced to Korea in the early 20th century.
 Seoul's first beer brewery opened in 1908.
 Two current major breweries date back to the 1920s.
 The third brewery established in Korea, Jinro Coors Brewery, was founded in the 1990s.
 It was later acquired by Oriental Breweries (OB).
 Hite Breweries's former name was Chosun Breweries, which was established in 1933.
 The company changed their name to Hite Breweries in 1998.
 OB Breweries established as Showa Kirin Breweries in 1933.
 The company changed their name to OB Breweries in 1995.
Firstar Corporation was a Milwaukee, Wisconsin-based regional bank holding company that later became U.S. Bancorp, a nationwide bank corporation in the United States.
 In 2001, Firstar acquired U.S. Bancorp and assumed its name, moving its headquarters to Minneapolis.
The Collinsville City Hall and Fire Station are two connected buildings located at 125 Center St. in Collinsville, Illinois.
 The Italianate City Hall was built in 1885.
 It was Collinsville's first dedicated city hall; prior to its completion, government meetings were held at the mayor's house.
 The new city hall, along with several other public works projects, created a large debt which contributed to mayor Charles L. Oatman's defeat in the next election.
 The Romanesque Revival fire station was built next to City Hall in 1910.
 Additions in 1972 and 1994 connected the two buildings.
 A Civil War monument on the southeast corner the property was dedicated in 1926; while it was originally located between the two buildings, it moved to its current location when the fire station expanded in 1956.
The Northwestern Knitting Company Factory, also known as Munsingwear Corporation and later as International Market Square, is a former factory building in the Sumner-Glenwood neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
 The company was founded in 1888 by George D. Munsing, who invented a method of plating wool fibers with silk and cotton to make the union suit more comfortable.
 The company received financial backing from Clinton Morrison and Charles Alfred Pillsbury, who were prominent businessmen in the Minneapolis flour milling industry.
 This style of underwear, patented in 1891, proved to be very popular, and the company eventually became the world's largest manufacturer of underwear.
 The company changed its name in 1919 to Munsingwear.
Horrockses, Crewdson & Co. was a textile company based in Preston, Lancashire.
 The company was originally formed in 1791 under the name of Horrocks.
 Over the centuries, the name of the company changed with the involvement of various business partners and when the company merged with others.
The Royal Worcester Corset Company, was founded as The Worcester Skirt Company by David Hale Fanning in 1861 in Worcester, MA, and first specialized in making hoop skirts.
 In 1872 the company changed its name to the Worcester Corset Co., to reflect its change of direction from hoop skirts to torso shaping.
 The company changed its name again in 1901, to the Royal Worcester Corset Company.
 In 1949 the company dropped the word 'corset' from its name and became known as the Royal Worcester Company, in response to falling interest in corsets.
