Pasupatheeswarar Temple, Aavoor (பசுபதீசுவரர் கோயில், ஆவூர்) or Aavoor Pasupatheeswaram is a Hindu temple dedicated to Hindu god Shiva, located in the village Aavoor, located 12 km south of South Indian town, Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu.
 The temple is one of the 70 "madakoil" built by 2nd century Chola king, Kochengat Chola.
 The temple is known for the Panchabairavar, the five images of Bhairavar.
 The temple is reverred in the verses of "Tevaram", the 7th century Tamil Saiva canon by Tirugnana Sambandar.
Suryanar Kovil (also called Suryanar Temple) is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Hindu Sun-God, located in Suryanar Kovil, a village near the South Indian town of Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu, India.
 The presiding deity is Suriyanar, the Sun and his consorts Ushadevi and Pratyusha Devi.
 The temple also has separate shrines for the other eight planetary deities.
 The temple is considered one of the nine Navagraha temples in Tamil Nadu.
 The temple is one of the few historic temples dedicated to Sun god and is also the only temple in Tamil Nadu which has shrines for all the planetary deities.
Sawaare Sabke Sapne Preeto (SSSP) was an Indian television series that premiered on Imagine TV on 4 July 2011 and ended on April 12, 2012, The story is located against a Punjabi backdrop and is based on the lives of five sisters.
 Set in the picturesque north Indian town of Amritsar, which is also an Indian Air Force base, this is the story of the quirky, lovable Dhillon family.
 They live in a run-down mansion, having moved to India from Pakistan after the Partition, a generation ago.
 In many ways the Dhillon family is a typical lower-middle-class Indian family.
Paravakkal is a southeastern Indian town in the Kadungapuram village of the Puzhakkattiri panchayath, located in the Malappuram district, in the Indian state of Kerala.
 It was the homeland of Valluvanad, an erstwhile kingdom in Malabar.
 Perinthalmanna, Malappuram, and Kottakkal are some of the major towns nearby.
 The town's name originated from the Hindu caste name "Parava".
Masilamaniswara Temple (மாசிலமணீஸ்வரர் கோயில், திருவாவடுதுறை) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Hindu god Shiva, located in the village Thiruvaduthurai, located 22 km from the South Indian town, Kumbakonam and 14 km from Mayiladuthurai, Tamil Nadu.
 The temple is reverred in the verses of "Tevaram", the 7th century Tamil Saiva canon by Tirugnana Sambandar, Appar and Sundarar.
Buckingham Archeological Site is an archaeological site near Berlin in Worcester County, Maryland.
 It is one of the few known Woodland period village sites in the coastal marsh areas of the Atlantic Coast section of Maryland.
 The site falls within the general vicinity of an Assateague Indian town.
 It is located four miles east of the Sandy Point Site, both including the southernmost reported occurrence of Townsend Series ceramics on the coastal section of the Eastern Shore.
Bagh Express is a mail/express type train of Indian Railways connecting Kolkata(Howrah) with northern Indian town of Kathgodam(Uttarakhand).
 No pantry car service is available in this train.
 It is a very popular train among tourists of Eastern India, who are going for the Uttarakhand and Jim Corbett National Park trip.
 It travels through Indian states of West Bengal, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, and Uttarakhand.
 Major railway stations through which it passes are Bandel Junction, Barddhaman Junction, Asansol Junction, Madhupur Junction, Jasidih Junction, Kiul Junction, Barauni Junction, Samastipur Junction, Muzaffarpur Junction, Sonpur, Nayagaon, Chhapra, Bhatni, Gorakhpur, Basti, Lucknow, Bareilly Junction, Rampur, Haldwani.
 No. 13019 leaves Howrah Terminus daily at 9:45 P.M. and reaches Kathgodam at 9:30 A.M. second day morning; Similarly 13020 express leaves Kathgodam daily at 9:55 P.M. and reaches Howrah at 12:40 P.M. second day afternoon.
 Advanced reservation is required for all the classes except General class, which can be boarded with a general daily ticket.
 Tatkal scheme facility is available in this train.
 It is hauled by WAM-4/WAP-4 locomotive from Howrah Junction to Kathgodam.
Birgunj ("also" Birganj) (Nepali: बीरगंज) is a metropolitan city and border town in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal.
 It lies 135 km south of the capital Kathmandu, attached in the north to Raxaul in the border of the Indian state of Bihar.
 As an entry point to Nepal from Patna and Kolkata, it is known as the "Gateway to Nepal".
 The town has significant economic importance for Nepal as most of its trade with India is via Birgunj and the Indian town of Raxaul.
 Tribhuvan Highway links Birgunj to Nepal's capital, Kathmandu.
 It was declared as a Metropolitan City on 22 May 2017 along with Biratnagar.
Prentiss (also known as "Wellington", "Indian Point Landing", and "Indian Town") is a ghost town in Bolivar County, Mississippi.
Bylakuppe is an area in Karnataka which is home to the Indian town Bylakuppe and several Tibetan settlements (there are several Tibetan settlements in India), established by Lugsum Samdupling (in 1961) and Dickyi Larsoe (in 1969).
 It is located to the west of Mysore district in the Indian state of Karnataka which is roughly 80 km from Mysore city.
 Twin (Indian) town Kushalanagar is about 6 km from Bylakuppe.
 It also shares the border with Eastern part of Coorg district.
