The Division of Barrier was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales.
 The division was created in 1900 and was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election.
 It was named for the Barrier Range near the city of Broken Hill in western New South Wales.
 In 1901 it included Broken Hill, Wilcannia, White Cliffs and Tibooburra and the surrounding pastoral areas.
 In 1906 it gained Menindee, Wentworth from Riverina and in 1913 it gained Balranald and Deniliquin from Riverina.
 It was abolished in 1922 with Broken Hill, Wentworth and Balranald being transferred to Darling and Deniliquin transferred to Riverina.
 It was a very safe seat for the Australian Labor Party, although both its members left the ALP at the end their terms: Josiah Thomas to join the Nationalists, and Michael Considine (a radical socialist) to sit as an independent.
The Division of Maribyrnong is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria.
 It is located in the inner north-western suburbs of Melbourne.
 It covers the suburbs of Aberfeldie, Airport West, Avondale Heights, Braybrook, Essendon, Kealba, Keilor East, Maribyrnong, Moonee Ponds, Niddrie, St. Albans and Sunshine North.
 Due to redistributions, the division has been slowly moving west.
 It originally covered the suburbs of Footscray and North Melbourne.
 According to the 2011 census, Maribyrnong has the highest proportion of Catholics in any Commonwealth Electoral Division in Australia with 41.6% of the population.
The Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) is the federal independent agency in charge of organising, conducting and supervising federal elections and referendums.
 State and local government elections are overseen by separate Electoral Commissions in each state and territory: New South Wales elections are conducted by the New South Wales Electoral Commission, in Queensland it is the Electoral Commission of Queensland; in Victoria it is the Victorian Electoral Commission; in South Australia it is the Electoral Commission of South Australia; in Tasmania it is the Tasmanian Electoral Commission; in Western Australia it is the Western Australian Electoral Commission; in the Northern Territory it is the Northern Territory Electoral Commission and in the Australian Capital Territory it is the Australian Capital Territory Electoral Commission.
The Division of Cook was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales.
 The division was created in 1906 and abolished in 1955.
 The Division was named for James Cook, who discovered the east coast of Australia in 1770.
 It was located in the inner suburbs of Sydney, taking in the suburbs of Alexandria, Redfern and Surry Hills.
 It has been a safe seat for the Australian Labor Party, but in the 1930s and 1940s it was fiercely contested between Federal Labor and Lang Labor factions of the party.
The Division of Riverina is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales.
 It is located in South-West rural New South Wales, generally following the Murrumbidgee River valley.
 The division was proclaimed in 1900, and was one of the original 75 divisions to be contested at the first federal election.
 The division was named after the Riverina region in which it is located.
 The division covers a primarily agricultural area.
The Division of Bourke was an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria.
 The division was created in 1900 and was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election.
 It was abolished in 1949.
 It was named for Sir Richard Bourke, who was Governor of New South Wales at the time of the founding of Melbourne.
 It was based in the northern suburbs of Melbourne, including the suburbs of Brunswick and Coburg.
 After 1910 it was a safe seat for the Australian Labor Party, but was lost to an independent Labor member in 1946.
The Division of Bland was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales.
 The division was created in 1900 and was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election.
 It was abolished in 1906.
 It was named for Dr William Bland, a New South Wales colonial politician.
 Based in rural southern New South Wales, it included the towns of Narrandera, Young, Wagga Wagga and West Wyalong.
 Bland was held by Chris Watson, the first Leader of the federal parliamentary Labor Party and Australia's first Labor Prime Minister.
 When Bland was abolished in 1906, Watson transferred to South Sydney.
The Division of Phillip was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of New South Wales.
 It was located in the Sydney's eastern suburbs, and was named after Captain Arthur Phillip, captain of the First Fleet and first Governor of New South Wales.
 The Division included the suburbs of Bondi, Coogee, Kensington and Randwick.
The Division of Lang was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of New South Wales.
 It was located in the southern suburbs of Sydney, and was named after Rev. John Dunmore Lang, a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly and advocate of Australian independence.
 It originally included the suburbs of Kogarah and Marrickville, but by the time it was abolished in 1977, it covered the suburbs of Lakemba and Belmore.
 The Division was proclaimed in 1900, and was one of the original 75 divisions to be contested at the first Federal election.
 It was held by the Labor Party for all but one term after 1928, and in its final form was very safe for that party.
 It was abolished at the redistribution of 31 October 1977.
The Division of Canobolas was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales.
 The division was created in 1901, and was one of the original 75 divisions to be contested at the first federal election.
 It was abolished in 1906, when the Division of Calare was created.
 It was named after Mount Canobolas (an Aboriginal word meaning "two peaks").
 It was located in central western New South Wales, including the towns of Forbes, Orange and Parkes.
 It was held by the Australian Labor Party throughout its existence.
