Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros is an American folk rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 2007.
 The group is led by lead singer Alex Ebert.
 The band's name is based on a story Ebert wrote in his youth, about a messianic figure named Edward Sharpe.
 Drawing from roots rock, folk, gospel, and psychedelic music, the band's image and sound evoke the hippie movement of the 1960s and 1970s.
 The group's first show was played July 18, 2007 at The Troubadour in West Hollywood, California.
 Their first studio album, "Up from Below", was released on July 7, 2009 on Community Records and featured the popular single "Home".
 The group released their second full-length album, "Here", on May 29, 2012, and third album, "Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros", on July 23, 2013.
 Their fourth studio album, "PersonA", was released in April 2016.
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros is the third album by Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
 It was released on July 23, 2013 in North America and was released on July 29, 2013 around the world through Vagrant Records, Rough Trade Records and Communion Records.
 Frontman Alex Ebert stated that "These songs mean everything to me - It's the rawest, most liberated, most rambunctious stuff we've done."
Manimal Vinyl is a Calabasas based record label founded in 2006 by experimental musician and fashion stylist, Paul Beahan.
 They were originally known as a psychedelic folk label that makes semi-annual tribute records for worldwide charities, having eventually switched to dance music and progressive underground.
 They are the label who has release debut records from act ranging from Warpaint to Bat for Lashes and exclusive singles from Moby, Duran Duran, Carla Bruni, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
 In 2008, they founded the annual Manimal Festival in Pioneertown, California which ran from 2008-2010.
 The festival has featured line-ups with Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros, Warpaint, Ariel Pink and papercranes.
 Manimal has offices in Los Angeles and New York City.
 In 2015, Manimal signed on with legendary avant-garde artist Yoko Ono to release the highly anticipated sequel to 2007's "Yes, I'm A Witch" with "Yes, I'm A Witch Too" which features collaborations and remixes from Death Cab for Cutie, Miike Snow, Penguin Prison, Moby, Peter Bjorn and John, Cibo Matto, and Sparks.
"40 Day Dream"/"Geez Louise" is a 7" vinyl single released in the UK to succeed the album "Up from Below" by Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
 It appeared on the sixth episode of the third season of "Chuck" (entitled "Chuck Versus the Nacho Sampler" and airing on February 1, 2010); Episode 2 of HBO's "Hung"; "Jimmy Kimmel Live!
" on November 11, 2010; and "Conan" on December 15, 2010.
PersonA (pronounced "Persona") is the fourth studio album by the band Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
 It was released on April 15, 2016.
"Home" is a song written and recorded by American group Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
 It was released in January 2010 as the second single from the album, "Up from Below".
 The song came in at number 73 on Australian radio station Triple J's 100 hottest songs of the past 20 years.
Alexander is the first solo album by American musician Alex Ebert, lead singer of Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros and Ima Robot.
 It was released on March 1, 2011 under the Community Records label.
 The song "Truth" was featured in the season 4 premiere of AMC's "Breaking Bad" titled "Box Cutter".
"Home" is a song recorded by British singer Leah McFall, the runner-up on the second series of the BBC talent show "The Voice", featuring guest vocals from her show mentor will.i.am.
 Built around a sample from American indie folk band Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros's same-titled 2010 song, it was written and produced by Jean-Baptiste, Ryan Buendia, Michael McHenry, and will.i.am and released through Capitol Records on July 27, 2014.
 This song also featured in the latest film, "The Book of Life".
Aaron Embry (born November 10, 1975, Bellflower, California) is an American songwriter and record producer.
 A periodic studio musician and touring pianist with artists such as Elliott Smith and Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros, he has also helped write albums by Jane's Addiction and produced albums by artists such as Avi Buffalo.
 In 2012 he released his solo album "Tiny Prayers" on Vagrant Records.
Hoarse & Roaring is the debut full-length album by neofolk band Parlor Hawk, released in 2010 on Northplatte Records.
 The album was produced by Joshua James and featured Neon Trees bassist Branden Campbell on each track (except "Saddest Song") as well as Fictionist member Stuart Maxfield on the tracks "14 Years" and "Home".
 It was mixed by Todd Burke (Ben Harper, Jack Johnson) and mastered by Reuben Cohen (Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros, Bruno Mars).
