The Orange River (Afrikaans/Dutch: Oranjerivier) is the longest river in South Africa and the Orange River Basin extends extensively into Namibia and Botswana to the north.
 It rises in the Drakensberg mountains in Lesotho, flowing westwards through South Africa to the Atlantic Ocean.
 The river forms part of the international borders between South Africa and Namibia and between South Africa and Lesotho, as well as several provincial borders within South Africa.
 Except for Upington, it does not pass through any major cities.
 The Orange River plays an important role in the South African economy by providing water for irrigation, as well as hydroelectric power.
 The river was named by Robert Jacob Gordon after the Dutch Royal House.
 Other names include Gariep River (used by the Khoi people), Groote River or Senqu River (used in Lesotho).
 The official name, however, is the Orange River.
The private security industry in South Africa is an industry providing guarding, monitoring, armed reaction, escorting, investigating and other security-related services to private individuals and companies in the country.
 Over the years there has been tremendous growth in the private security industry, not only in South Africa, but also in the rest of the world.
 The private security industry in South Africa is among the largest in the world, with over 9,000 registered companies, 450,000 registered active private security guards and a further 1.5 million qualified (but inactive) guards; many times the available personnel than the combined South African police and army.
 Studies have shown that South Africa had 2.57 private security personnel for every police employee.
 This is attributed by some to the country's relatively high levels of crime to a lack of public funds from Parliament towards the South African Police Service (SAPS) or to an increasing trend in many countries towards government outsourcing of certain security functions.
 Others have suggested the number of high-wealth individuals in South Africa in comparison with the rest of Africa has led to the growth of the industry.
Daggakraal, "one of South Africa's most impoverished and isolated communities", is a town in Gert Sibande District Municipality near Volksrust in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa.
 The town had about 1,450 households in 2014.
Sundarbag is a small village of the Kushwaha community in Kaimur district of Bihar, India.
 The village is located on a very important road which connects GT road, a national highway at Kudra (a railway station) to one of the state highway at Parsathua.
 This region comes under the rice and wheat basket of Bihar, very rich in land fertility.
 It has well-developed canal irrigation and pumping groundwater.
 It has a population of approximately 150.
 The main economic activity of the villagers is agricultural.
 Many households are engaged in other activities, like business and food processing activities, while some households are under service sector—serving as teacher, lawyer, and other government services.
 The reach of electricity is major force of transformation in the life of villagers but the traditional way of living is still prominent.
 Parsathua is a market near Sundarbag.
Lesotho is a source and transit country for women and children subjected to trafficking in persons, specifically conditions of forced labor and forced prostitution, and for men in forced labor.
 Women and children are subjected within Lesotho to involuntary domestic servitude and children, to a lesser extent, to commercial sexual exploitation.
 Basotho victims of transnational trafficking are most often taken to South Africa.
 Long-distance truck drivers offer to transport women and girls looking for legitimate employment in South Africa.
 En route, some of these women and girls are raped by the truck drivers, then later prostituted by the driver or an associate.
 Many men who migrate voluntarily to South Africa to work illegally in agriculture and mining become victims of labor trafficking.
 Victims work for weeks or months for no pay; just before their promised “pay day” the employers turn them over to authorities to be deported for immigration violations.
 Women and children are exploited in South Africa in involuntary domestic servitude and commercial sex, and some girls may still be brought to South Africa for forced marriages in remote villages.
 Some Basotho women who voluntarily migrate to South Africa seeking work in domestic service become victims of traffickers, who detain them in prison-like conditions and force them to engage in prostitution.
 Most internal and transnational traffickers operate through informal, loose associations and acquire victims from their families and neighbors.
 Chinese and reportedly Nigerian organized crime units, however, acquire some Basotho victims while transporting foreign victims through Lesotho to Johannesburg, where they “distribute” victims locally or move them overseas.
 Children who have lost at least one parent to HIV/AIDS are more vulnerable to traffickers’ manipulations; older children trying to feed their siblings are most likely to be lured by a trafficker’s fraudulent job offer.
The fauna of South Africa is varied, but largely typical of the ecosystems of Africa.
 South Africa is ranked sixth out of the world’s seventeen megadiverse countries.
 Many endemic species are unique to South Africa and are found nowhere else in the world.
 South Africa is among the world leaders in conservation, though there are several significant conservation challenges which South Africa needs to resolve.
Di-Gata Defenders is a Canadian action/adventure, science fiction, fantasy animated series created by Greg Collinson, LuxAnimation, and Nelvana Entertainment.
 In North America, the show has aired on Teletoon in Canada and on Fox network's 4Kids TV block on July 28, 2007.
 Internationally, the series aired on the Cartoon Network in Australia, Maori Television in New Zealand, Astro Ceria in Malaysia, Hero TV in the Philippines on November 3, 2006, Jetix and Kix!
 in the UK, Disney XD in The Netherlands and Nickelodeon (KTV), (Nickelodeon (Africa)) in South Africa.
Lesotho is geographically surrounded by South Africa and economically integrated with it as well.
 The economy of Lesotho is based on agriculture, livestock, manufacturing, mining, and depends heavily on inflows of workers’ remittances and receipts from the Southern African Customs Union (SACU).
 The majority of households subsist on farming.
 The formal sector employment consist of mainly the female workers in the apparel sector, the male migrant labor, primarily miners in South Africa for 3 to 9 months and employment in the Government of Lesotho (GOL) .
 The western lowlands form the main agricultural zone.
 Almost 50% of the population earn income through informal crop cultivation or animal husbandry with nearly two-thirds of the country's income coming from the agricultural sector.
Total South Africa, headquartered in Rosebank, South Africa, is an energy company that manufactures and sells a full range of petroleum products to the retail, commercial and industrial markets in South Africa.
 It is part of the French-based multinational corporation, Total S.A. (Euronext: FP, NYSE: TOT), one of the six "Supermajor" oil companies in the world.
 Total South Africa has a network of 530 service stations throughout South Africa, and is a key player in the petrochemicals market with products ranging from jet fuel and liquefied petroleum gas to lubricants, greases and kerosene.
Swazi Music Radio (SMR) was a South African radio station broadcasting from Swaziland between 1972 and 1978.
 It was initially established as Swaziland Commercial Radio but was soon taken over by the South African entrepreneurs Issie and Natie Kirsh as a competitor to LM Radio which broadcast from nearby Mozambique.
 The studios were based in central Johannesburg and the transmitters were in Sandlane in Swaziland, just across the eastern border of South Africa, not far from the small town of Amsterdam.
 Programmes were recorded in Johannesburg and the tapes taken by road to the transmitting station for broadcast the next day.
 It had been hoped that the medium wave transmission would reach the Johannesburg area during the day, however long distance medium wave propagation in the former Transvaal Province was poor and only really effective at night.
 Daytime listening was on short wave.
 During the years it operated, SMR recruited many of the announcers who had been on LM Radio and SABC stations, among them Gary Edwards, Frank Sanders, John Berks, Darryl Jooste, Leon Fourie, Barry O'Dee and Gordon Hoffman.
 Another former LM radio announcer George Wayne also returned briefly from Australia to join the station.
 (Stan Katz, who later went on to become one of South Africa's most prominent broadcasters, joined the station in its early days as a junior programming assistant).
 Overall, SMR was not commercially successful as it could not compete with the superior technical transmission of Radio 5 (now 5FM) which took over from LM Radio when that station closed in October 1975 and relocated from Mozambique to South Africa.
 Operated by the South African Broadcasting Corporation, Radio 5 was heard via local medium wave transmitters in all the major cities in South Africa and also had good short wave coverage.
 When SMR eventually closed, the studios and transmitters were used to broadcast three ethnic radio services - Radio SR, targeted to the black African market, Radio Paralello 27 which broadcast in Portuguese and Radio Truro aimed at the Indian population of South Africa under the direction of radio veterans Rob Vickers and Zena Watkins.
 These stations all closed down in the 1980s.
