Shalford railway station serves the village of Shalford, Surrey, England.
 The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Great Western Railway.
 It is on the North Downs Line.
 The station is 41 mi from Charing Cross , and has two platforms, which can each accommodate a six-coach train.
 To the west is Shalford Junction, 41 mi from Charing Cross, where the North Downs Line meets the Portsmouth Direct Line 31 mi from Waterloo (via Woking ).
Hungerford Market was a produce market in London, at Charing Cross on the Strand.
 It existed in two different buildings on the same site, the first built in 1682, the second in 1862.
 The market was first built on the site of Hungerford House, next to Durham Yard, the town house of the Hungerford family.
 The house had burned down in 1669 as is recorded in the Diary of Samuel Pepys.
 It was replaced by a new Italianate market building by Charles Fowler, which opened in 1833.
 The new market was unsuccessful.
 It was damaged when the adjoining Hungerford Hall burned down in 1854, and was sold to the South Eastern Railway in 1862.
 Charing Cross railway station was built on the site and opened in 1864.
Charing Cross (sometimes informally abbreviated as Charing X) is a London Underground station at Charing Cross in the City of Westminster with entrances located in Trafalgar Square and The Strand.
 The station is served by the Northern and Bakerloo lines and provides an interchange with the National Rail network at Charing Cross station.
 On the Northern line it is between Embankment and Leicester Square stations on the Charing Cross branch, and on the Bakerloo line it is between Embankment and Piccadilly Circus stations.
 The station is in Travelcard Zone 1.
 The station was served by the Jubilee line between 1979 and 1999, acting as the southern terminus of the line during that period.
The Queen Eleanor Memorial Cross is a replica of the medieval Eleanor cross at Charing (London), erected in the forecourt of Charing Cross railway station in 1864–5.
 It was designed by Edward Middleton Barry, also the architect of the station, and includes multiple statues of Eleanor of Castile by Thomas Earp.
 It does not occupy the original site of the Charing Cross (destroyed in 1647), which is now occupied by Hubert Le Sueur's equestrian statue of Charles I.
The North Western and Charing Cross Railway (NW&CCR) was a railway company established in 1864 to construct an underground railway in London.
 The NW&CCR was one of a large number of underground railway schemes proposed for London following the opening in 1863 of the Metropolitan Railway, the world's first underground railway, but was one of only a few to be authorised by Parliament.
 The company struggled to raise funding for the construction of its line and was twice renamed, to the Euston, St Pancras and Charing Cross Railway and the London Central Railway, before the proposals were abandoned in 1874.
Charing Cross Road is a street in central London running immediately north of St Martin-in-the-Fields to St Giles Circus (the intersection with Oxford Street) and then becomes Tottenham Court Road.
 It is so called because it serves Charing Cross railway station (named for the nearby Charing Cross).
Charing Cross (Glasgow) is a railway station close to the centre of Glasgow, Scotland, serving the district of the same name.
 It is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is served by trains on the North Clyde Line.
 It should not be confused with the Charing Cross station in London.
The Charing Cross Music Hall was established beneath the arches of Charing Cross railway station in 1866 by brothers Giovanni and Carlo Gatti to replace the former Hungerford Hall.
 The site had been acquired, together with Hungerford Market, by the South Eastern Railway in 1862, and incorporated into the railway station, which opened on 11 January 1864, resulting in the demolition of the hall.
Charing Cross ( ) denotes the junction of Strand, Whitehall and Cockspur Street, just south of Trafalgar Square in central London.
 It gives its name to several landmarks, including Charing Cross railway station, one of the main London rail terminals.
The Charing Cross Complex - now styled as Elmbank Gardens (but sometimes popularly referred to as the Charing Cross Tower), is a multi-use commercial complex in the Charing Cross area of Glasgow, Scotland.
 Best known for its signature 14-storey tower which overlooks the M8 motorway and stands directly opposite the Mitchell Library, it was designed by Richard Seifert and constructed between 1969 and 1973.
 It is one of the tallest and most prominent high rise buildings on the western side of Glasgow city centre.
 The surface buildings of the subterranean railway station which serves Charing Cross are also an integral part of the complex.
