"So Sad" is a song by English musician George Harrison that was released on his 1974 album "Dark Horse".
 Harrison originally recorded the song for his previous album, "Living in the Material World", before giving it to Alvin Lee, the guitarist and singer with Ten Years After.
 Lee recorded it – as "So Sad (No Love of His Own)" – with gospel singer Mylon LeFevre for their 1973 album "On the Road to Freedom".
 The latter recording includes contributions from Harrison and marked the first of many collaborations between him and Lee.
The Beautiful Monsters Tour was a North American concert tour co-headlined by American rock bands Hole and Marilyn Manson.
 Launched in support of each band's respective third full-length studio LPs, 1998's "Celebrity Skin" and "Mechanical Animals", the tour was planned to run from February 28, 1999 until April 27, with 37 shows confirmed.
 However, due to a highly publicized altercation between the bands' respective lead vocalists, the tour only visited arenas until March 14, for a total of 9 shows before Hole withdrew from the bill.
 The tour garnered a large amount of media attention and was billed by MTV as a "potentially volatile mix" due to the public feud between each band's outspoken vocalist.
Alvin Lee In Tennessee is a studio album by Alvin Lee released in 2004.
Wheeler End Studios is Alvin Lee's former recording studio until recently leased to Oasis.
 Oasis recorded several of their later albums there as well as other musicians, including George Harrison, Paul Weller, Robbie Williams, Proud Mary, The Stereophonics, and Emily All Over, a local band based in High Wycombe.
 The Engineer for many of these bands was Stuart Epps.
 Alvin and Suzanne Lee bought the studio in 1980 and tuned it to a commercial recording facility in 1994.
Miracle is the sixth studio album by American hard rock/metal band Nonpoint.
 The album's title track serves as its first single.
 This is the only Nonpoint album to feature guitarist Zach Broderick, who joined the band in late 2008 following the departure of original member Andrew Goldman.
 The album was recorded in Racine, WI and was produced by Mudvayne singer Chad Gray and guitarist Greg Tribbett.
On the Road to Freedom is an album by English rock musician Alvin Lee and American gospel singer Mylon LeFevre.
 Released in November 1973, it was the first solo project by Lee, who had achieved international success through his leadership of the blues rock band Ten Years After.
 The album was recorded at Lee's home studio in south Oxfordshire, which he and LeFevre built especially for the project.
 The guest musicians at the sessions included George Harrison, Steve Winwood, Jim Capaldi, Ron Wood and Mick Fleetwood.
 "Fallen Angel" and the Harrison-composed "So Sad (No Love of His Own)" were issued as singles from the album.
By the People, for the People is a compilation album by American heavy metal band Mudvayne.
 It was released on November 27, 2007 by Epic Records.
 The album features a track listing chosen entirely by the band's fans, with the band determining which version appears on the record (e.g. live, demo, acoustic), as well as two new songs, "Dull Boy" and a cover of The Police's song "King of Pain" (both produced by Dave Fortman).
 If the album was pre-ordered through the Sony Music Store, it was packaged with a free lithograph of the lyrics to "Dull Boy", signed and numbered by Mudvayne vocalist Chad Gray.
 If it was ordered after the disc was released, the lithograph was shipped approximately three weeks later and was neither signed nor numbered.
Alvin Lee (born Graham Anthony Barnes; 19 December 1944 – 6 March 2013) was an English singer and guitarist, best known as the lead vocalist and lead guitarist of the blues rock band Ten Years After.
Hellyeah is an American heavy metal supergroup, consisting of Mudvayne vocalist Chad Gray, former Nothingface guitarist Tom Maxwell, bass player Kyle Sanders, guitarist Christian Brady and former Pantera and Damageplan drummer Vinnie Paul.
 The idea to form a supergroup originated in 2000 on the Tattoo the Earth tour, although plans were constantly put on hold due to scheduling conflicts.
 The summer of 2006 allowed the band to take the project seriously and record its first album.
 Recorded at Chasin' Jason studio in Dimebag Darrell's backyard, a self-titled album was completed in roughly one month.
 Released on April 10, 2007, the album entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 9, selling 45,000 copies.
 AllMusic reviewer William Ruhlmann stated the album is "a competent example of its genre" awarding the album three and a half stars.
Chad Gray (born October 16, 1971), is the lead vocalist for the groove metal supergroup Hellyeah and former lead vocalist for American heavy metal band Mudvayne.
