Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. is McDonald’s largest franchisee in the world in terms of systemwide sales and number of restaurants.
 As of December 31, 2010, it represented 6.7% of McDonald’s franchised restaurants globally.
 As the largest operator of McDonald's restaurants in Latin America and the Caribbean, it has more than 94,000 employees, being one of the region's leading employers of young, first-time job holders.
 It serves more than 4.3 million customers daily and is the largest quick service restaurant (QSR) chain in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Shawarmer is a Middle Eastern quick service restaurant chain specializing in Shawarma.
 Shawarmer opened its first branch in Riyadh in 1999 and currently is operating in 13 cities in Saudi with more than 70 Branches.
 Shawarmer concept revolves around innovating the traditional shawarma, and maintaining international quality standards to their offering, making Shawarmer one of the biggest food industry players in Saudi Arabia.
Hero Certified Burgers is a Canadian restaurant chain franchise that sells hamburgers and other quick service restaurant fare.
 It is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and was founded in 2004.
 It had almost 60 locations as of March 2017, and opened its first store in the United States in 2015 in Elmwood Village, Buffalo, New York.
 The Buffalo location closed at the end of 2016.
 The company uses sustainably-sourced beef.
Noodle Box Pty Ltd is an Australian stir fried noodle quick service restaurant chain headquartered in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia founded by Josh James and David Milne in 1996.
Lion's Choice is a Missouri-based quick service restaurant chain specializing in roast beef sandwiches.
 The restaurant sells lean, top-round roast beef, slow-roasted daily on-site, shaved thin and served with a dash of secret seasoning on a toasted and steamed bun.
Toddle House was a national quick service restaurant chain in the United States, which specialized in breakfast but was open 24/7.
 Much of their business was takeout.
Farmer Boys is a quick service restaurant chain based primarily in California, with headquarters in Riverside, California.
Tim Hortons Inc. (known internationally as Tim Hortons Cafe and Bake Shop, colloquially known as Timmy's or Tim's) is a Canadian multinational fast food restaurant known for its coffee and doughnuts.
 It is also Canada's largest quick service restaurant chain; as of December 31, 2016, it had a total of 4,613 restaurants in nine countries.
A fast food restaurant, also known as a quick service restaurant (QSR) within the industry, is a specific type of restaurant that serves fast food cuisine and has minimal table service.
 The food served in fast food restaurants is typically part of a "meat-sweet diet", offered from a limited menu, cooked in bulk in advance and kept hot, finished and packaged to order, and usually available for take away, though seating may be provided.
 Fast food restaurants are typically part of a restaurant chain or franchise operation that provisions standardized ingredients and/or partially prepared foods and supplies to each restaurant through controlled supply channels.
 The term "fast food" was recognized in a dictionary by Merriam–Webster in 1951.
Leeann Chin is a Bloomington, Minnesota-based Asian quick service restaurant chain, with over 50 locations throughout the Midwest, mostly in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul area.
 The chain was founded by its namesake, Leeann Chin, funded by Carl Pohlad (banker and former owner of the Minnesota Twins) and actor Sean Connery.
 The concept received Best Chinese Food and Best Takeout Food as well as being voted No. 80 in a list of the country’s top 100 by fast casual restaurant industry website FastCasual.com in 2011.
 It is currently owned by Los Angeles-based financier and former investment banker Lorne Goldberg, who also owns the popular Asian chains Pick Up Stix and Mandarin Express.
