Chris Clifford (born May 26, 1966 in Kingston, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender, who played two games in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Black Hawks.
 He filled in for Murray Bannerman in a 1985 game and for Ed Belfour in a 1989 game.
 He won the Bobby Smith Trophy in 1985-86.
 Clifford was drafted in the sixth round of the 1984 NHL Entry Draft.
 He spent his junior career with the Ontario Hockey League's Kingston Canadians and most of his professional career with various teams in the International Hockey League.
 Clifford became the first goaltender in Ontario Hockey League history to score a goal.
The Bobby Smith Trophy is awarded annually to the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) Scholastic Player of the Year who best combines high standards of play and academic excellence.
Christ the King College is a joint Church of England and Catholic secondary school and sixth form college located in Newport on the Isle of Wight.
 It was created in September 2008 by amalgamating two older schools, Archbishop King Catholic Middle School and Trinity Church of England Middle School.
 As such, the school is on two separate campuses, both located close to each other on Wellington Road.
 Having previously accommodated a middle school age range, the school now takes students from years 7 to 13 after its plans to extend the age range and become a Church of England and Catholic secondary school and sixth form.
Sugardaddyforme.com is an online dating site for sugar daddies and sugar babies (see Age disparity in sexual relationships).
 In 2013 the dating site had over 4 million members and over 2,000 new sugar daddy and sugar baby profiles every day.
 The website gets 1.5 million unique new visitors every month.
 The age range for women is predominantly 18-45 and for men the age range is predominantly 25-60.
Kent College is a girls independent boarding and day school in Pembury, Kent, England, divided into a preparatory school for the age range three to eleven, and a senior school for the age range eleven to eighteen.
 It was established in Bouverie Road, Folkestone in 1886 by the Wesleyan Methodist Schools’ Association, but is now an interdenominational Christian school.
 It is a member of HMC and the Girls' Schools Association, and the prep department is a member of the Independent Association of Preparatory Schools.
Keith Lavarne Smith (born May 3, 1953 in Palmetto, Florida, United States) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Texas Rangers in 1977 and the St. Louis Cardinals from 1979 to 1980.
 His minor league career spanned from 1972 to 1981.
 Brother of Bobby Smith who played for the 1973 Marion Mets.
A Junior school is a type of school which provides primary education to children, often in the age range from 8 and 13, following attendance at Infant school which covers the age range 5-7.
 (As both Infant and Junior schools are giving Primary Education pupils are commonly placed in a unified building housing the age ranges of both Infants and Juniors - a Primary school).
The Latah Formation is a series of late Miocene lacustrine sedimentary deposits which outcrop in eastern Washington and northwestern Idaho.
 The lake beds are interbedded with igneous rock of the Columbia River Basalt Group.
 The formation was originally named from a site in Spokane, Washington by Dr. Kirk Bryan in 1923.
 Numerous fossil plants and insects have been recovered from the formation and described.
 When first described the formation was thought to have predated the deposition of the Columbia River Basalts, however further investigation showed them to be interbedded, being laid down in successive events.
 Potassium-argon dating of the formation returned an age range of 21.3 to 12.1 million years old, indicating an Early to Middle Miocene age range.
The 1977–78 season was Port Vale's 66th season of football in the Football League, and their eighth successive season (14th overall) in the Third Division.
 Finishing in 21st place, they were relegated to the Fourth Division.
 Roy Sproson was sacked in October after a poor start to the season, though things did not improve under his replacement Bobby Smith, despite Smith spending big money to bring in new players.
 Smith also left the club at the end of the season.
Bobby Smith (21 December 1953 – 22 February 2010) was a Scottish association football player, who played most prominently for Hibernian and Leicester City.
 Smith was primarily a midfielder, but could also play at full back.
 Smith made 200 appearances in all competitions for both Hibs and Leicester.
