The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent.
 The eighth series commenced airing on ITV on 20 August 2011 and ended on 11 December 2011.
 The winner was Little Mix, a four-piece girl group known earlier in the series as Rhythmix, consisting of members Jesy Nelson, Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinnock, and Jade Thirlwall.
 They became the first act in the groups category to win in the UK show's history with new judge Tulisa emerging as their winning mentor.
 Dermot O'Leary presented the main show on ITV, while Caroline Flack and series 6 runner-up Olly Murs co-presented the spin-off show "The Xtra Factor" on ITV2, replacing Konnie Huq from the previous year.
 Louis Walsh returned to the judging panel and was joined by Gary Barlow, Kelly Rowland and Tulisa.
 Barlow, Rowland and Tulisa joined the panel as replacements for former judges, Simon Cowell, Dannii Minogue and Cheryl Cole.
 Series 5 winner Alexandra Burke served as a guest judge for week 4 of the live shows due to Rowland having a throat infection.
Gary Barlow OBE (born 20 January 1971) is an English singer, songwriter and record producer.
 He is frontman and lead vocalist of British pop-group Take That.
 Barlow also served as head judge of "The X Factor UK" from 2011 to 2013 and "Let It Shine" in 2017.
 Barlow is one of Britain's most successful songwriters, having written fourteen number one singles and twenty-four top 10 hits.
 He has had three number one singles, six top 10 singles and two number one albums as a solo artist, and has had seventeen top 5 hits, twelve number one singles and seven number one albums with Take That.
 He is also a six-time recipient of the Ivor Novello Award and has sold over 50 million records worldwide.
"Let Me Go" is a song by British singer-songwriter Gary Barlow.
 It was released in Ireland on 15 November 2013 and in the United Kingdom on 17 November 2013 as the lead single from his fourth solo album, "Since I Saw You Last" (2013).
 It was written by Barlow and produced by Steve Power.
 "Let Me Go" peaked at number two in the UK Singles Chart, becoming Barlow's sixth solo top 10 hit in the UK.
Children in Need Rocks Manchester was a charity music concert held at the Manchester Arena in Manchester, England, on 17 November 2011.
 The concert was organised by Take That singer-songwriter and "The X Factor" judge Gary Barlow as one of a series of events to raise money for Children in Need 2011.
 It became the second "Children in Need Rocks" concert organised by Barlow, after the "Children in Need Rocks the Royal Albert Hall" in 2009.
Gary Barlow: In Concert was the first full solo tour that Gary Barlow had performed in over 13 years.
 Leg 1 saw him performing songs from his "incredible music career spanning over 20 years" in front of a sell out audience, whilst also raising money for The Prince's Trust and The Foundation of Prince William and Prince Harry during two nights at the Royal Albert Hall.
 It was announced on 15 October 2012 that Barlow would go on a full solo tour for his second leg of shows, lasting two months around the UK and Ireland.
Children in Need Rocks the Royal Albert Hall was a charity music concert held at the Royal Albert Hall in London, England on 12 November 2009.
 The concert was organised by Take That singer-songwriter Gary Barlow as one of a series of events to raise money for Children in Need 2009.
 The huge success of the concert inspired Barlow to organise "Children in Need Rocks Manchester" at the Manchester Arena, Manchester in 2011.
Gary Barlow: On Her Majesty's Service is a documentary featuring the process of Gary Barlow writing the Queen's Diamond Jubilee official single and travelling across The Commonwealth enlisting the help of singers and musicians to feature in the track.
Music Music Music is a 2008 album by John Barrowman preceded by the digital-only single "What About Us?"
, written by Gary Barlow and Chris Braide.
 The album consists mostly of cover versions and was produced by Simon Franglen (who has worked with Celine Dion, Whitney Houston, Barbra Streisand, The Ten Tenors) and Graham Stack (who has worked with Kylie Minogue, Tina Turner, Rod Stewart), with the exception of the first single "What About Us?"
 (UK #122) which was produced by Chris Braide.
 The album debuted and peaked at #35 in the UK, making it Barrowman's second top forty album, after the #22 peak of "Another Side" in 2007.
 The set also produced his first UK Top 75 charting single, "I Made It Through the Rain", which spent one week in the charts at #14 after being championed by Chris Moyles in August 2009.
The English singer and songwriter Gary Barlow has recorded songs for three solo studio albums, a joint album and has also collaborated with other artists on their respective singles.
 In 1996, Take That, a boy band consisted of five members, including Barlow, disbanded after 6 years recording music together.
 Three months after the release of their then-final single, the singer launched his solo debut song, "Forever Love"; it was written solely by Barlow and featured more mature sound than the work previously released by Take That.
 The single has been succeeded by Barlow's 1997 debut studio album, "Open Road", a primary pop and blue-eyed soul oriented record.
 It was mainly written and composed by Barlow himself, however, he listed some songwriters in the penning process.
 American entertainer Madonna and producer Shep Pettibone wrote "Love Won't Wait" for the album, although it was originally planned for a Madonna project which she later abandoned.
 Barlow worked with American songwriter Dianne Warren with whom he co-wrote the song "My Commitment" for the album.
 Howard Perdew and Andy Spooner wrote "So Help Me Girl", a single for which Barlow recorded a Spanish language version titled "Ayúdame" (English: "Help Me").
Fozzy is an American heavy metal band formed in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1999 by lead singer Chris Jericho and guitarist Rich Ward.
 The band is currently signed to Century Media Records and has released two studio albums through this label.
 The band's current lineup consists of Chris Jericho, Rich Ward, Frank Fontsere, Billy Grey and Paul Di Leo.
 Jericho has characterized the band by saying, "If Metallica and Journey had a bastard child, it would be Fozzy."
 As of July 2014, the band has released six studio albums and one live album.
