One, No One and One Hundred Thousand (Italian: "Uno, Nessuno e Centomila" ] ) is a 1926 novel by the Italian writer Luigi Pirandello.
 The novel had a rather long and difficult period of gestation.
 Pirandello began writing it in 1909.
 In an autobiographical letter, published in 1924, the author refers to this work as the "...bitterest of all, profoundly humoristic, about the decomposition of life:
Right You Are (If You Think So) (Italian: "Così è (se vi pare)" ] , also translated as "It Is So, (If You Think So)") is an Italian drama by Luigi Pirandello.
 The play is based on Pirandello's novel "La signora Frola e il signor Ponza, suo genero".
Kaos (originally "Chaos" in the US) is a 1984 Italian drama film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani based on short stories by Luigi Pirandello (1867–1936).
 The film's title is after Pirandello's explanation of the local name "Càvusu" of the woods near his birthplace in the neighborhood of Girgenti (Agrigento), on the southern coast of Sicily, as deriving from the ancient Greek word "kaos".
Liolà (] ) is an Italian stage play written by Luigi Pirandello, which takes place in 19th century Sicily.
 The title character is a middle-aged single father by choice.
 He has three young boys, each by a different mother.
 Liolà is a free-spirit who wanders from town to town, looking to connect with nature, and to create children without having any ties to the mother.
 He tries to sell one of his boys to Zio Simone, a crabby elderly man, who becomes offended by the offer.
 He then has an encounter with Mita, a former lover, who tells him that he is the father of her unborn child.
 Pirandello immortalizes Liolà as an ideal father, and in certain scenes in the play, Liolà shows a lot of love and affection to his children.
Fausto Pirandello (17 June 1899 – 30 November 1975) was an Italian painter belonging to the modern movement of the "Scuola romana (Roman School)".
 He was the son of Nobel laureate Luigi Pirandello.
Six Characters in Search of an Author (Italian: "Sei personaggi in cerca d'autore" ] ) is an Italian play by Luigi Pirandello, written and first performed in 1921.
 An absurdist metatheatrical play about the relationship among authors, their characters, and theatre practitioners, it premiered at the Teatro Valle in Rome to a mixed reception, with shouts from the audience of "Manicomio!"
 ("Madhouse!")
 and "Incommensurabile!"
 ("Incommensurable!")
, a reference to the play's illogical progression.
 Reception improved at subsequent performances, especially after Pirandello provided for the play's third edition, published in 1925, a foreword clarifying its structure and ideas.
Shigeyoshi "Shig" Murao (December 8, 1926 – October 18, 1999) is mainly remembered as the City Lights clerk who was arrested on June 3, 1957, for selling Allen Ginsberg's "Howl" to an undercover San Francisco police officer.
 In the trial that followed, Murao was charged with selling the book and Lawrence Ferlinghetti with publishing it.
 Murao and Ferlinghetti were exonerated and "Howl" was judged protected under the First Amendment, a decision that paved the way for the publication of Henry Miller, D.H. Lawrence, William Burroughs, and many other writers who offended puritanical elements of society.
A Coney Island of the Mind is a collection of poetry by Lawrence Ferlinghetti originally published in 1958.
 It contains some of Ferlinghetti's most famous poems, such as "I Am Waiting" and "Junkman's Obbligato", which were created for jazz accompaniment.
 There are approximately a million copies in print of "A Coney Island", and the book has been translated into over a dozen languages.
 It remains one of the best-selling and most popular books of poetry ever published.
 Because some of the material had been previously published, the first edition of "Coney Island" bears both a 1955 and a 1958 copyright.
Christopher Felver (born October 1946) is a photographer and filmmaker who has published several books of photos of public figures, especially those in the arts, most notably those associated with beat literature.
 He has made numerous films (as director, cinematographer or producer), including a documentary on Lawrence Ferlinghetti, "Ferlinghetti: A Rebirth of Wonder", released in 2013.
Lunch Poems is a book of poetry by Frank O'Hara published in 1964 by Lawrence Ferlinghetti’s City Lights, number 19 in their Pocket Poets series.
 The collection was commissioned by Ferlinghetti as early as 1959, but O'Hara delayed in completing it.
 Ferlinghetti would badger O'Hara with questions like, "How about lunch?
 I'm hungry."
 "Cooking", O'Hara would reply.
 O'Hara enlisted the help of Donald Allen who had published O'Hara's poems in "New American Poetry" in 1960.
 Allen says in his introduction to "The Collected Poems of Frank O’Hara", “Between 1960 and 1964 O’Hara and I worked intermittently at compiling "Lunch Poems", which in the end became a selection of work dating from 1953 to 1964.”
