The Rohtak sisters viral video controversy involves a video that went viral on the social media in India in late November 2014 and the events that followed.
 The first video showed two sisters (referred to as the "Rohtak sisters" or the "Sonepat sisters") beating three young men with a belt alleging that the men had harassed them.
 Soon, the video was being broadcast by television channels.
 The girls were praised by the media and given the nickname "bravehearts".
 After a second video emerged within a few days, which showed them kicking another boy, the opinions began to shift towards negative.
 Six women claiming to be passengers on the bus had testified in front of the police.
 They said it was not an issue of harassment, but a dispute over seats as the girls had been occupying a seat allotted to a sick woman.
 A longer unedited video had been found on the internet, in which the girls asked a third girl, who had filmed the incident on their phone, to return it.
 Later another man came forward and claimed that he had been similarly accused of molestation by the girls and he had to pay to have the charges dropped.
"JK Wedding Entrance Dance" is a viral video originally uploaded to YouTube on July 19, 2009, featuring the wedding of Jill Peterson and Kevin Heinz, using "Forever" by Chris Brown as the song for their wedding march.
 In its first 48 hours, the video was viewed more than 3.5 million times.
 The original upload of the video was the 3rd most popular video on YouTube in 2009, and as of September 2016 had been viewed over around 93.4 million times.
 "Time" magazine ranked the video at number fifteen on its list of the fifty greatest YouTube videos.
Fred Stobaugh (August 22, 1917 – November 23, 2016) was a retired truck driver from Peoria, Illinois who became a viral sensation as a songwriter.
 A documentary video about the making of the song "Oh Sweet Lorraine," based on a text that Stobaugh wrote for his wife of 73 years, became a viral video in September 2013.
 The song based on his text subsequently entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 as well as other international charts.
"Ty kto takoy?
 Davay, do svidaniya!"
 (Russian: Ты кто такой?
 Давай, до свидания!
 , meaning "Who are you?
 Goodbye!")
 is a title of the viral video, showing meykhana performance with repeating Russian jingle "Ty kto takoy?
 Davay, do svidaniya!"
 by two brothers Intigam and Ehtiram Rustamov from Azerbaijan.
 The video was filmed on 5 November 2011 at the wedding in Astara, Azerbaijan, and was subsequently viewed over 10 million times on YouTube.
 It is sung in a form of flyting between Talysh and Baku groups in Azerbaijani, Talysh and Russian.
 The video was also viewed over 10 million times at theinstv, the YouTube channel of Insanity TV.
Thriller is a viral video featuring the CPDRC Dancing Inmates of a high-security penitentiary.
 In 2007, the inmates of Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center (CPDRC), a maximum security prison in Cebu, the Philippines, imitated the zombie dance featured in the music video of Michael Jackson's "Thriller".
 The footage, uploaded onto video-sharing website YouTube, became a viral video.
 The idea behind the dance came from the prison's chief, Byron F. Garcia.
 Garcia first conceived the idea of exercising as an enjoyable way of keeping the prisoners mentally and physically fit.
 Music was then added to provide additional motivation.
 The convicts marched and danced to several songs, including "In the Navy" and "Y.M.C.A." by the Village People.
"Chocolate Rain" is a song by American musician Tay Zonday.
 It quickly went viral after the music video for the song was uploaded to YouTube on April 22, 2007, and has since been viewed more than 114 million times.
 "Chocolate Rain" was ranked as the hottest viral video of summer 2007 by CTV and was awarded the 2008 YouTube Award in the category "Music".
Kris Law, born Chin Chiang (or KLCC) is an internationally and critically acclaimed Malaysian film Artiste, first ASEAN commercial Actor to debut in world's biggest market (India), first Malaysian Actor to portray gay person in the media and world's first Internet viral video star celebrity.
 Law has appeared in Malaysian films including" Anak Mami Kembali", "1957:Hati Malaya", "Talent House" and over 20 international commercials.
 He has also been featured in television and stage productions.
 A true polymath, Law's extensive artistic range and intellectual capabilities transcend beyond performance art, design, social media and authorship.
 Law is the world's first person to appear in the Internet as a viral video star celebrity who successfully transitioned into an award-winning Actor with a diversified artistic career.
Chopstick Brothers are a Beijing-based Chinese duo who became known online by their 2010 viral video "Old Boys".
 In 2014, they wrote, directed, and starred in a full feature film "" based on the viral video.
 The promotional song of the film, "Little Apple", also went viral online, winning the "International Song Award" at the American Music Awards of 2014.
Lily M. Halpern also known by the stage name Lily Lane (born November 30, 1991) is an American performer and singer.
 She is best known as her second reincarnation in the entertainment industry, Lily Lane, whose debut 2014 EP "Nothin' But Trouble" gained critical acclaim and was featured on the abc family hit show "Pretty Little Liars".
 As Lily Halpern, she is best known for her viral video of Nicki Minaj's song "Starships", her hit song "Wishlist", for being an opening act for Big Time Rush on their nationwide tour (Summer - Fall 2011), In 2012, her original cover video of Nicki Minaj's song "Starships" went viral on YouTube and surpassed a million views in a few short weeks.
EepyBird is an entertainment company best known for creating the viral video "The Extreme Diet Coke & Mentos Experiments" which won the first ever Webby Award for Viral Video in 2007 and, was named "Online Game Changer of the Decade" in December 2009 by the readers of GoViral.com as "the most significant online marketing campaign of the decade."
