Boulevard Brewing Company is a brewery located in Kansas City, Missouri.
 The Brewers Association currently ranks the American arm of Boulevard's parent company, Duvel Moortgat USA, as the 12th largest craft brewery, and the 18th largest active brewery in the United States based on 2014 sales volume.
 Before the sale of Anheuser-Busch to InBev in 2008, Boulevard was the largest independent American brewery in the state of Missouri.
 Boulevard's beers are available in select markets across the country.
The Pearl Brewing Company (also known as the Pearl Brewery or just Pearl) was an American brewery, established in 1883 in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA.
 In 1985, Pearl's parent company purchased the Pabst Brewing Company and assumed the Pabst name.
 In 1999, the Pabst Brewing Company began transferring its production to Miller Brewing, on a contract basis, and closing all of its breweries.
 Pearl beer is still in production at Miller's Ft. Worth, Texas facility, but the Pearl Brewery in San Antonio was closed in 2001.
 Since then, the former brewery was purchased by Silver Ventures, Inc., which has made the property the crown jewel in revitalization efforts of southern Midtown and northern Downtown San Antonio.
Gordon Biersch Brewery is an American brewery founded by Dan Gordon and Dean Biersch.
 Gordon, a graduate from the five-year brewing engineering program at Weihenstephan, Germany, and Biersch opened their first brewery restaurant in Palo Alto, California in July 1988.
 In 1999, the restaurants were sold to what ultimately became CraftWorks Restaurants & Breweries.
The History of Ranching is a mural that was originally located at the Pearl Brewery in San Antonio, Texas.
 The Pearl Brewing Company had always preferred to use Texas artists whenever possible.
 Long after other brewers had moved to using only photographs in their advertising campaigns, Pearl continued to use ads that featured sketches, drawings, or paintings of the concept or product.
 The more famous of Pearl's artistic advertisements were of Judge Roy Bean's Jersey Lilly and a collage called "The Last Fight of Manolete".
 Both works saw wide distribution as large printed pictures framed and intended to hang in pubs and bars.
 The subjects and sizes changed constantly in Pearl's ads, but one thing remained the same, Pearl made it a point to use local artists.
Bavarian Brewing Company was a brewery established in Covington, Kentucky, in 1866 by Julius Deglow, but became known as the Bavarian Brewery in the 1870s.
 The brewery was originally located on Pike Street and the business expanded to include the 12th street property by 1877.
 The company also operated as the John Meyer Brewery and the Meyer-Riedlin Brewery before becoming incorporated at Bavarian Brewery Co. in 1889 by William Riedlin.
 The company was family owned until it was acquired by International Breweries, Inc.(IBI) in 1959.
 However, it operated as the Bavarian Division of IBI and continued to produce its flagship beer, Bavarian's, until the facility closed in 1966.
 The property was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 and rehabilitated shortly thereafter.
Untitled (Urban Wall) is an outdoor mural by Austrian artist Roland Hobart located at 32 North Delaware Street in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.
 The mural originally occupied two exterior walls of two four-story commercial buildings at this site.
 The mural was commissioned by the City of Indianapolis for the Indianapolis Urban Walls Project in 1973.
 Fabrication of the mural began in September 1973 and finished by the end of the year.
The Pueblo Levee Mural Project is a mural along a levee of the Arkansas River certified by the Guinness Book of Records as the longest painting in the world.
 It is a 3-mile long continuous mural located in Pueblo, Colorado.
 The mural was originally started in the 1970s, according to the city website, when students of nearby Colorado State University–Pueblo began painting over existing graffiti.
 They worked at night to evade notice by the police, and in the end the work received support from the community; since 1988 it has a dedicated coordinator.
Stevens Point Brewery is a regional American brewery located in Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
 The brewery is the fifth-oldest continuously operating brewery and the third-oldest privately owned brewery in the nation.
The Erie Brewery Company is an American brewery in Erie, Pennsylvania.
 Founded as a brewpub in 1994, Erie Brewing transitioned to a full-time brewery in 1999.
 The brewery has won three medals from the Great American Beer Festival.
Starr Hill Brewery was founded in 1999 in the town of Charlottesville, Virginia, by Mark Thompson and Kristin Dolan.
 The brewery takes its name from the neighborhood where it was originally located.
 In 2005, the brewery moved to nearby Crozet, Virginia.
