Dru Hill is the self-titled debut studio album from American R&B group Dru Hill, released November 19, 1996 on Island Records.
 The album featured four singles "Tell Me", "In My Bed", "Never Make a Promise" and "5 Steps".
 All of the singles had music videos released.
 The album also features the So So Def remix of "In My Bed", which features Jermaine Dupri and Da Brat, as a bonus track, which also had a music video released.
"I Should Be..." is the first single from Dru Hill's third album, "Dru World Order".
 The Music Video was directed by Chris Robinson (director) The single peaked at #25 on the Hot 100 and #6 on the R&B chart.
 The song stayed on the Hot 100 charts for a total of seventeen weeks.
LovHer was an American R&B girl group.
 The group was the first female group on the Def Soul label.
 The group was formed in 1999 by Sisqó, lead singer of R&B group Dru Hill, who wanted to put together a girl group that would present a raw, "street" appeal.
 Like Dru Hill, LovHer's members are known by hip hoppish nicknames:Talia "Chinky" Burgess, Marthea "Buttah" Jackson, Samerrah "Serenade" Terrell, and Kienji Hakeem.
 LovHer comprised the Baltimore, Maryland, native Chinky who was discovered in a talent show, Kienji from South Central Los Angeles, Serenade and Buttah from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, who were hosting a Public-access television cable TV show before auditioning for the co-founder of Dru Hill.
"How Deep Is Your Love" is an R&B single by group Dru Hill and features rapper Redman.
 It is the first single from the group's second album, "Enter the Dru".
 The song was released on September 22, 1998, the hit song spent three weeks at number-one on the US R&B chart, and peaked at number-three on the US Pop chart.
 The song was also used in the end credits and is featured on the soundtrack to the 1998 film "Rush Hour".
 The music video directed by Brett Ratner was shot on top of Hopewell Centre in Wan Chai, Hong Kong and features clips from "Rush Hour".
 Redman's verse is cut from both the group's album and the video version as he does not appear in the video.This song was also one of the hottest songs for club mix music that originated out of their hometown on Baltimore.
Unleash the Dragon is the debut studio album by American R&B singer Sisqó of Dru Hill, released on November 30, 1999 on Def Soul.
 Sisqó recorded the album during Dru Hill's hiatus.
 It includes the hit songs "Got to Get It", "Incomplete", and "Thong Song".
 In 2003, the album was certified sextuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipping six million copies in North America.
Return of Dragon is the second studio album by American R&B recording artist Sisqó of Dru Hill, released on June 19, 2001 on Def Soul Records.
 The album did very well on the charts but its singles, "Can I Live" and "Dance for Me", were commercial disappointments compared to his debut album, "Unleash the Dragon" (1999).
 Despite the fact that Sisqó announced a third single, "Dream", this never materialized due to the commercial failure of the album.
 The song "Without You" was originally planned to be featured on Dru Hill's third album, "Dru World Order" but tensions grew between the group while working on the album and it was put on hold.
 "Return of Dragon" was later certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for excess of one million copies.
 "Return of Dragon" would be Sisqó's last album until "Last Dragon" (2015).
Enter the Dru is the second studio album from American R&B group Dru Hill, released October 27, 1998 on Island Records.
 The album's name comes from Bruce Lee's film, "Enter the Dragon".
 This is the first album that the group were credited as executive producers as all four members wrote and produced several of the songs.
 It released three singles "How Deep Is Your Love", "These Are the Times" and "You Are Everything".
 The singles all had music videos released, but the music video for "You Are Everything" was a remix video, which featured rapper Ja Rule, and Woody did not appear in it due to his exit from the group in early 1999.
 The remix version was featured on lead singer Sisqó's debut album, "Unleash the Dragon".
 Recording sessions for the album took place at Larabee Studios in Los Angeles, California.
 The album peaked at number two on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
 On May 1999, It was certified double-platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), after sales exceeding 2,000,000 copies in the United States.
Dru World Order is the third studio album by American R&B group Dru Hill, released in late 2002 (see 2002 in music) on Def Jam Recordings' Def Soul imprint.
 Four years had passed between this release and the group's previous album, "Enter the Dru", during which time the quartet imploded, yet later reformed.
 Beginning with this release, Dru Hill became a quintet, with fifth member Scola (Rufus Waller) added to the original lineup of Sisqó, Jazz, Nokio, and Woody.
 This was the first and only time that Dru Hill was featured as five members.
 The album released three singles "I Should Be...", "I Love You" and "No Doubt".
 Two of the singles had music videos released.
 This is the group's last album for the entire Def Jam roster and they were released from their contract within a year due to poor album sales for this album and Sisqó's second album, which caused the group to go on a second hiatus.
Woody Rock (born James Green on September 10, 1976 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an African-American singer, dancer, and musician best known as a former member of the multi-platinum R&B act Dru Hill, a group for which he has written and sung lead on songs such as "5 Steps", "April Showers", and "Angel".
 He has also recorded his own solo gospel album, "Soul Music", for Kirk Franklin's Gospocentric Records.
 His nickname was derived from his father saying he resembled the Woody Woodpecker cartoon character.
Dru Hill is an American singing group, most popular during the late 1990s, whose repertoire included soul, hip hop soul and gospel music.
 Founded in Baltimore, Maryland, and active since 1992, Dru Hill recorded seven Top 40 hits, and is best known for the R&B #1 hits "In My Bed", "Never Make a Promise", and "How Deep Is Your Love".
 The group consist of lead singer Mark "Sisqó" Andrews (who went on to have a very successful solo career), Tamir "Nokio" Ruffin and, Larry "Jazz" Anthony, and James "Woody Rock" Green.
