McHale's Navy Joins the Air Force is a 1965 movie based upon the television 1962–66 sitcom "McHale's Navy".
 Series supporting players Joe Flynn and Tim Conway are the leads for this sequel to the first movie made in 1964 also named "McHale's Navy".
 Most of the movie is based on their two characters particularly Ensign Parker.
 Series star Ernest Borgnine was unavailable due to a scheduling conflict while he appeared in the 1965 movie "The Flight of the Phoenix".
 However, in a "Cinema Retro" interview, Borgnine said the producer Edward Montagne wanted to make the film cheaply, without him and would not show him the script.
 Carl Ballantine also doesn't appear in the movie and the PT-73 crew is not seen in large portions of the film.
 The movie, which also features Ted Bessell and Gavin MacLeod, was directed by series producer Edward Montagne.
Zoey 101: Chasing Zoey is a TV movie based on the Nickelodeon TV series, "Zoey 101".
 It originally aired on May 2, 2008 and stars Jamie Lynn Spears as Zoey Brooks.
 "Zoey 101: Chasing Zoey" is the fourth and final movie of the series.
 It was also the show's series finale, though "PCA Confidential" aired as the last episode due to it being a clip show and was originally produced as part of the third season.
 "Chasing Zoey" had more than double of the series' average viewers when it drew about 7.3 million viewers.
Pondville Cemetery, located on Everett Street, is one of the two oldest cemeteries in Norfolk, Massachusetts.
 It was established c. 1757, when Norfolk was still part of Wrentham, and now abuts the town line of the two communities.
 It was established to serve the residents of the Pondville village, which was first settled in the 1730s.
 The cemetery is laid out on a series of terraces that rise from Everett Street to the west, with the oldest graves in the southwest corner, near the Wrentham line.
 The oldest stones date to the early 19th century, and one of the most prominent markers is the c.1877 Victorian memorial to Captain Abijah Pond, an American Revolutionary War veteran.
Life with Derek is a Canadian television sitcom that aired on Family (English) and VRAK.TV (French) in Canada and on Disney Channel in the United States.
 The series premiered on Family on September 18, 2005, and ran for four seasons, ending its run on March 25, 2009.
 Reruns aired on Family Channel and multiplex sister channel Family Chrgd until September 2016.
 The series stars Michael Seater and Ashley Leggat as the two oldest children in a stepfamily.
iGo to Japan is a 2008 television movie based on the Nickelodeon TV series "iCarly".
 It was premiered on November 8, 2008 on Nickelodeon, and November 21 on YTV.
 It has also been broadcast divided in three-parts of second season that serve as the first film of the series.
 The television movie stars Miranda Cosgrove, Jennette McCurdy, Nathan Kress and Jerry Trainor.
 The film was directed by Steve Hoefer.
 The production of the film began in the spring of 2008, and lasted around 4 to 5 weeks.
Vacation with Derek is a 2010 Canadian television movie based on the TV series "Life with Derek".
 The TV movie follows the McDonald-Venturi family as the children are forced to spend part of their summer vacation with their grandmother at her lodge.
 It was announced on Family Channel and French-Canadian channel VRAK.TV in March 2010 that the movie would premiere on June 25, 2010 in Canada, while December 12, 2010 was listed as the premiere date in the trailer for the United States, but the move never actually aired in the U.S. when it was supposed to; the movie finally premiered in the United States on Starz Kids & Family on March 6, 2011.
 A commercial on Nickelodeon Australia stated that it would premiere on June 19, 2010.
 A commercial on TG4 stated the Irish premiere would be on the channel Thursday October 28, 2010 at 5:10 p.m., part of the channel's Mid-Term Halloween movie week.
The Sleepwalker Killing also known as From the Files of Unsolved Mysteries: The Sleepwalker Killing, is a 1997 TV movie based on a popular real-life case from the "Unsolved Mysteries" television series.
 The film was written by June Callwood and Lyle Slack and directed by John Cosgrove.
 Cosgrove also served as executive producer on the TV series.
Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe is a 2016 stand alone British Christmas movie based on the Hank Zipzer series of books by Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver and the TV series airing on CBBC.
 The film will be airing on CBBC on 12 December 2016.
 It is written by Joe Williams and is directed by Matt Bloom.
 The film is produced by Kindle Entertainment in association with Walker Productions and DHX Media with support from Screen Yorkshire’s Yorkshire Content Fund.
 It is the fourth movie based on a CBBC programme after "", "Shaun the Sheep Movie" and "".
 It is the second movie based on a CBBC show, which has not been released in cinemas and only shown on TV after ""
Mynaa is a 2010 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed and written by Prabu Solomon.
 Jointly distributed by Udhayanidhi Stalin and Kalpathi S. Aghoram, it stars Vidharth and Amala Paul in the lead roles.
 Featuring an acclaimed soundtrack by D. Imman, the film, which garnered much anticipation prior to release, released on 5 November 2010, coinciding with the Diwali festival, receiving critical acclaim and going on to win the Best Film Award at the 58th Filmfare Awards South.
 Actor Thambi Ramaiah went on to win the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor in 2011.
 The film was dubbed in Telugu as "Prema Khaidhi".
it was remade into kannada as Shyloo in 2011.
 The film is being remade in Hindi cinema by Prabhu Solomon, produced by Fox Star Studios Mynaa became a major success among 2010 Deepavali releases and was released along with "Uthamaputhiran".
 A Bengali remake of this movie named PoraMon starring Symon, Mahiya Mahi And Anisur Rahman Milon was released on 14 June 2013.
 The movie was based on the 2010 movie "Dog Bite Dog".
The Batman vs. Dracula is a 2005 animated movie based on "The Batman" television series.
 It premiered on television and was later released on home video.
 It has a much darker tone than the show, and features Vicki Vale (in her first animated appearance, voiced by Tara Strong, who voiced Barbara Gordon / Batgirl on "The New Batman Adventures").
 The movie was released to DVD on October 18, 2005 and made its television debut on Cartoon Network's Toonami block on October 22, 2005.
 It was released on DVD as a tie-in with the live action "Batman Begins."
 When the film was first aired on TV, the TV rating given was TV-Y7-FV as it was assumed that it was going to be in the same tone as the kids TV series.
 Subsequent airings have carried a TV-PG-V rating.
