Love Peace & Fuck is the 2001 debut album by Julian Cope side project Brain Donor, released on Impresario records as a double LP.
 It was written, produced and directed by Cope along with long term collaborator Thighpaulsandra.
 The album was recorded by the power pop trio of Cope, lead guitarist Doggen Foster and drummer Kevin Bales, both formerly of Spiritualized.
 Cope plays bass, a role he had not assumed since The Teardrop Explodes in the late 1970s.
The Transfiguration is the last painting by the Italian High Renaissance master Raphael.
 Commissioned by Cardinal Giulio de Medici, the later Pope Clement VII (1523–1534) and conceived as an altarpiece for the Narbonne Cathedral in France, Raphael worked on it until his death in 1520.
 The painting exemplifies Raphael's development as an artist and the culmination of his career.
 Unusually for a depiction of the Transfiguration of Jesus in Christian art, the subject is combined with an additional episode from the Gospels in the lower part of the painting.
King Duncan is a fictional character in Shakespeare's "Macbeth."
 He is the father of two youthful sons (Malcolm and Donalbain), and the victim of a well-plotted regicide in a power grab by his trusted captain Macbeth.
 The origin of the character lies in a narrative of the historical Donnchad mac Crinain, King of Scots, in Raphael Holinshed's 1587 "The Chronicles of England, Scotland, and Ireland," a history of Britain familiar to Shakespeare and his contemporaries.
 Unlike Holinshed's incompetent King Duncan (who is credited in the narrative with a "feeble and slothful administration"), Shakespeare's King Duncan is crafted as a sensitive, insightful, and generous father-figure whose murder grieves Scotland and is accounted the cause of turmoil in the natural world.
Martin Billingsley (1591–1622) was an English writing-master, a successor in giving advice on handwriting to Peter Bales.
Raphael Xavier Williams (born December 7, 1970) is known as an Inmoc-ographer (innovative movement conceptualist).
 He is a professional breaker/dancer, rapper, music producer, comedian, photographer, author and multifaceted artist.
 He is known for re-invigorating the B-boying community in Philadelphia.
 He started choreographing dance with the Brandywine School of Ballet in 1995.
 He then became recognized as a theatre artist when he joined Rennie Harris Puremovement, the longest running Hip-Hop dance company, in their production of "Rome & Jewels" in 1997.
 He moved to the role of Tybalt shortly after.
 He would continue on to become a core member of the RHPM company and is now an alumnus.
 He has received many awards and recognition for his choreographic work from 1999 to the present and for various projects he has worked on including: music recordings and compositions, film, and photography.
 Raphael gives lectures and dance classes internationally on Hip-Hop and its history.
 In 2013, Raphael was honored with a Pew Fellowships in the Arts award.
 He is a 2016 Guggenheim fellow and a 2016 United States Artist Knight fellow.
 He is also An appointed professor at Princeton University teaching special topics in hip hop dance with a focus on Breaking.
The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck: A Romance is an 1830 historical novel by Mary Shelley about the life of Perkin Warbeck.
 The book takes a Yorkist point of view and proceeds from the conceit that Perkin Warbeck died in childhood and the supposed impostor was indeed Richard of Shrewsbury.
 Henry VII of England is repeatedly described as a "fiend" who hates Elizabeth of York, his wife and Richard's sister, and the future Henry VIII, mentioned only twice in the novel, is a vile youth who abuses dogs.
 Her preface establishes that records of the Tower of London, as well as the histories of Edward Hall, Raphael Holinshed, and Francis Bacon, the letters of Sir John Ramsay to Henry VII that are printed in the Appendix to John Pinkerton's History of Scotland establish this as fact.
 Each chapter opens with a quotation.
 The entire book is prefaced with a quotation in French by Georges Chastellain and Jean Molinet.
The Liberation of Saint Peter is a fresco painting by the Italian High Renaissance artist Raphael and his assistant Giulio Romano.
 It was painted in 1514 as part of Raphael's commission to decorate with frescoes the rooms that are now known as the "Stanze di Raffaello", in the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican.
 It is located in the "Stanza di Eliodoro", which is named after "The Expulsion of Heliodorus from the Temple".
 The painting shows how Saint Peter was liberated from Herod's prison by an angel, as described in Acts 12.
 It is technically an overdoor.
Peter Bales (1547–1610?)
 was an English calligrapher and one of the inventors of shorthand writing.
 He was born in London in 1547, and is described by Anthony Wood as a "most dexterous person in his profession, to the great wonder of scholars and others".
 We are also informed that "he spent several years in sciences among Oxonians, particularly, as it seems, in Gloucester Hall; but that study, which he used for a diversion only, proved at length an employment of profit."
 He is mentioned for his skill in micrography in "Holinshed's Chronicle".
John Hooker (or "Hoker") "alias" John Vowell (c. 1527–1601) of Exeter in Devon, was an English historian, writer, solicitor, antiquary, and civic administrator.
 From 1555 to his death he was Chamberlain of Exeter.
 He was twice MP for Exeter in 1570/1 and 1586, and for Athenry in Ireland in 1569 and wrote an influential treatise on parliamentary procedure.
 He wrote an eye-witness account of the siege of Exeter during the Prayer Book Rebellion in 1549.
 He spent several years in Ireland as legal adviser to Sir Peter Carew, and following Carew's death in 1575 wrote his biography.
 He was one of the editors of the second edition of Raphael Holinshed's "Chronicles", published in 1587.
 His last, unpublished and probably uncompleted work was the first topographical description of the county of Devon.
 He founded a guild of Merchant Adventurers under a charter from Queen Mary.
 He was the uncle of Richard Hooker, the influential Anglican theologian.
William Harrison (18 April 1534 – 24 April 1593) was an English clergyman, whose "Description of England" was produced as part of the publishing venture of a group of London stationers who produced Raphael Holinshed's "Chronicles" (London 1577).
 His contribution to Holinshed's work drew heavily on the earlier work of John Leland.
