Punk was a music magazine and fanzine created by cartoonist John Holmstrom, publisher Ged Dunn, and "resident punk" Legs McNeil in 1975.
 Its use of the term "punk rock", coined by writers for "Creem" magazine a few years earlier, further popularized the term.
 The founders were influenced by their affection for comic books and the music of The Stooges, the New York Dolls, and The Dictators.
 Holmstrom later called it "the print version of The Ramones".
 It was also the first publication to popularize the CBGB scene.
Creem (which is always capitalized in print as "CREEM" despite the magazine's nameplate appearing in mostly lower case letters), "America's Only Rock 'n' Roll Magazine", was a monthly rock 'n' roll publication first published in March 1969 by Barry Kramer and founding editor Tony Reay.
 It suspended production in 1989 but received a short-lived renaissance in the early 1990s as a glossy tabloid.
 Lester Bangs, often cited as "America's Greatest Rock Critic", became editor in 1971.
 The term "punk rock" was coined by the magazine in May 1971, in Dave Marsh's "Looney Tunes" column about Question Mark & the Mysterians.
Russell Alphonse Rulau (September 21, 1926 – November 12, 2012) was an American numismatist.
 He was involved in coin collecting for over 60 years.
 From his earliest days as a casual collector, Rulau contributed to numismatics as a writer, editor and club organizer.
 His interest in world coins led him to create the "Coin of the Year" award.
 The award is presented annually by Krause Publications' "World Coin News".
 Rulau coined the term "exonumia" in 1960.
The American Gold Eagle is an official gold bullion coin of the United States.
 Authorized under the Gold Bullion Coin Act of 1985, it was first released by the United States Mint in 1986.
 Because the term "eagle" also is the official United States designation for pre-1933 ten dollars gold coins, the weight of the bullion coin is typically used when describing American Gold Eagles (e.g., "1/2-ounce American Gold Eagle") to avoid confusion.
 This is particularly true with the 1/4-oz American Gold Eagle, which has a marked face value of ten dollars.
Chorography (from χῶρος "khōros", "place" and γράφειν "graphein", "to write") is the art of describing or mapping a region or district, and by extension such a description or map.
 This term derives from the writings of the ancient geographer Pomponius Mela and Ptolemy, where it meant the geographical description of regions.
 However, its resonances of meaning have varied at different times.
 Richard Helgerson states that "chorography defines itself by opposition to chronicle.
 It is the genre devoted to place, and chronicle is the genre devoted to time".
 Darrell Rohl prefers a broad definition of "the representation of space or place".
Michael Earl "Mike" Saunders (born May 1952), also known as Metal Mike, is a rock critic and the singer of the Californian punk band Angry Samoans.
 He is credited with coining the music genre label "heavy metal" in a record review for Humble Pie's "As Safe As Yesterday Is" in the November 12, 1970 issue of "Rolling Stone."
 (The original text is shown in the VH1 Classic documentary "" from 2007.)
 Six months later in 1971, he used the phrase again while reviewing Sir Lord Baltimore's first album, "Kingdom Come", in the pages of "Creem" magazine.
Dave U. Hall (born R.U.Hall?
, in New York City) is an American musician whose musical voice is articulated by the tones of his Electric Bass guitar.
 He was a member of the band Birdland with Lester Bangs (Bangs, who is often cited today as "America's Greatest Rock Critic," was editor for Creem magazine, musician and staff writer for the Village Voice.
 His character was played in the movie "Almost Famous") and The Rattlers (in which Hall played on their acclaimed Rattled album and CD).
 He has also played with other bands (and artists) including, but not limited too, Zymosis, The Makers, Luigi & the Wiseguys, Danny Russo Blues Band (Muddy Waters, Willie Dixon, Victoria Spivey, Spivey Records), Remod (with Richie Ramone), Jeff Salen (Tuff Darts, Sparks (band)), Tiger Beats, Tina Peel, Joey Ramone, Saturday Night and Sunday Morning.
 By the end of the punk era, Hall had a reputation for being a session and performance player for many bands.
The term white savior, sometimes combined with savior complex to write white savior complex, refers to a white person who acts to help people of color, with the help in some contexts perceived to be self-serving.
 The role is considered a modern-day version of what is expressed in the poem "The White Man's Burden" (1899) by Rudyard Kipling.
 The term has been associated with Africa, and certain characters in film and television have been critiqued as white savior figures.
 Writer Teju Cole combined the term and "industrial complex" (derived from military-industrial complex and similarly applied elsewhere) to coin "White Savior Industrial Complex".
Sir Lord Baltimore was an American rock band from Brooklyn, New York, United States, formed in 1968 by lead vocalist/drummer John Garner, guitarist Louis Dambra, and bass player Gary Justin.
 Some have cited the 1971 review of their debut record, "Kingdom Come", in "Creem" magazine as containing the first documented use of the term "heavy metal" to refer to a style of music; the truth is the same reviewer used the term when reviewing a Humble Pie album in "Rolling Stone" six months earlier.
 Sir Lord Baltimore featured a drumming lead singer, traditionally a rarity in rock and metal music.
 The group have been called "the godfathers of stoner rock."
Gene Sculatti (born 1947/1948) is a music journalist who compiled and edited the book "The Catalog of Cool" (1982).
 In 1966, he became the first journalist to write about the nascent San Francisco music scene in a national magazine ("Crawdaddy!
").
 He is formerly an editorial director for Warner Bros.
 Records and the magazine "Billboard".
 He has also written for "Rolling Stone", "Creem", and "Radio & Records".
