The Admiral's Men (also called the Admiral's company, more strictly, the Earl of Nottingham's Men; after 1603, Prince Henry's Men; after 1612, the Elector Palatine's Men or the Palsgrave's Men) was a playing company or troupe of actors in the Elizabethan and Stuart eras.
 It is generally considered the second most important acting troupe of English Renaissance theatre (after the company of Shakespeare, the Lord Chamberlain's or King's Men).
Lady Elizabeth FitzGerald, Countess of Lincoln (1527 – March 1590), also known as The Fair Geraldine, was an Irish noblewoman and a member of the celebrated FitzGerald dynasty.
 She became the second wife of Sir Anthony Browne and later the third wife of English admiral Edward Clinton, 1st Earl of Lincoln.
 She was the inspiration for "The Geraldine", a sonnet written by Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey.
In Renaissance London, playing company was the usual term for a company of actors.
 These companies were organized around a group of ten or so shareholders (or "sharers"), who performed in the plays but were also responsible for management.
 The sharers employed "hired men" that is, the minor actors and the workers behind the scenes.
 The major companies were based at specific theatres in London; the most successful of them, William Shakespeare's company the King's Men, had the open-air Globe Theatre for summer seasons and the enclosed Blackfriars Theatre in the winters.
 The Admiral's Men occupied the Rose Theatre in the 1590s, and the Fortune Theatre in the early 17th century.
The 2011 Hotan attack was a bomb-and-knife attack that occurred in Hotan, Xinjiang, China on July 18, 2011.
 According to witnesses, the assailants were a group of 18 young Uyghur men who opposed the local government's campaign against the full-face Islamic veil, which had grown popular among older Hotan women in 2009 but were also used in a series of violent crimes.
 The men occupied a police station on Nuerbage Street at noon, killing two security guards with knives and bombs and taking eight hostages.
 The attackers then yelled religious slogans, including ones associated with Jihadism, as they replaced the Chinese flag on top of a police station with another flag, the identity of which is disputed.
The Admiral Theatre in Chicago, Illinois opened in 1927 as a vaudeville house.
 it was designed by Gallup and Joy and acquired by the Balaban and Katz circuit.
 The Admiral closed sometime in the late 1950s, and remained shuttered for many years until opening in 1969 as an all-cartoon venue.
 Unable to draw the crowds necessary to remain open, the Admiral closed again.
 In the early 1970s, the Admiral was opened as an adult movie house.
 After receiving a facelift in the 1980s, the Admiral continues to thrive as an adult venue and gentlemen’s club.
 While the interior has been drastically altered, the facade is in remarkably good shape.
Shabtai Horowitz (Hebrew: שבתי הורוויץ‎ ‎ ; 1590 – 1660) was a rabbi and talmudist, probably born in Ostroh, Volhynia.
 He was the son of the kabbalist Isaiah Horowitz, and at an early age married the daughter of the wealthy and scholarly Moses Charif of Lublin.
 With his father he seems to have gone to Prague, where he occupied a position as preacher; from Prague he went as rabbi to Fürth, whence he was called to Frankfurt am Main about 1632, and finally to Vienna about 1650.
 There he died on April 12, 1660.
The Diederichs's stone (German: Diederichsstein, ) was a German monument in the city of Qingdao to commemorate Admiral Otto von Diederichs and the German occupation of the Kiautschou Bay concession on November 14, 1897.
 The monument was dedicated on November 21, 1898 by Prince Henry of Prussia.
 It was located at an elevation of 98m, about halfway up the southwestern slope of the Signal Hill, the official German name of the mountain at the time was "Diederichsberg" ).
 Its most prominent feature was a plate decorated with the imperial eagle of the German Empire and the inscription "For him who won for Kaiser and Reich the land all around, let this rock be named Diederichs's stone" ("Der hier für Kaiser warb u. [und] Reich ringsher das Land, nach ihm sei dieser Felsen Diederichsstein genannt").
 Below the plate was a rock inscription that read "In this place on November 14th, 1897, Admiral v.[von] Diederichs took possession of the Kiautschou territory" ("Am 14.
 November 1897 ergriff an dieser Stelle der Admiral v.[von] Diederichs Besitz vom Kiautschou Gebiet").
 A separate Chinese inscription was located to the right-hand side of the German text.
 The entire monument stood about 5 meters tall.
 After Japan occupied Qingdao in November 1914, a Japanese inscription (executed using Chinese characters: 大正三年十一月七日, "November 7 of the third year of the Taishō period") was placed across the imperial eagle.
 When Japan handed Qingdao back to the China on December 10, 1922, the monument was dismantled and parts taken to a military museum in Tokyo.
Gonzalo de Carbajal (c.1590 –1661) was a Spanish nobleman.
 He occupied military and political positions during the Viceroyalty of Peru, being Mayor of Buenos Aires, and Lieutenant governor of Santa Fe Province.
Wongaksa Pagoda is a twelve metre high ten storey marble pagoda in the center of Seoul, South Korea.
 It was constructed in 1467 to form part of Wongaksa temple, that King Sejo had founded two years before on the site of an older Goryeo-period temple, Heungbok-sa.
 The temple was closed and turned into a kisaeng house by the (later deposed) king known as Yeonsan-gun (1476 – 1506, r. 1494-1506), and under his successor, King Jungjong (1488 – 1544, r.1506–1544) the site was turned into government offices.
 The pagoda and a memorial stele commemorating the foundation of Wongaksa alone survived.
 The site of the temple was later occupied by houses.
 During the Imjin War of the 1590s, the top portion of the pagoda was pulled down and lay on the ground at the foot of the pagoda until it was replaced by American military engineers in 1947.
Spanish Golden Age theatre refers to theatre in Spain roughly between 1590 and 1681.
 Spain emerged as a European power after it was unified by the marriage of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile in 1469 and then claimed for Christianity at the Siege of Granada in 1492.
 The sixteenth and seventeenth centuries saw a monumental increase in the production of live theatre as well as the in importance of the arts within Spanish society.
