"Bertha Lou" is a rockabilly song, first recorded in 1957 by Johnny Faire.
 It was written by Johnny Burnette and John Marascalco.
 It was also recorded by Dorsey Burnette and Clint Miller; Miller's version reached #79 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1958.
 Reworkings of the song such as "Twinkie Lee", "Snacky Poo", and Bob Dylan's "Rita May" followed.
WarGames is a 1983 American Cold War science fiction film written by Lawrence Lasker and Walter F. Parkes and directed by John Badham.
 The film stars Matthew Broderick, Dabney Coleman, John Wood, and Ally Sheedy.
 The film follows David Lightman (Broderick), a young hacker who unwittingly accesses WOPR (War Operation Plan Response), a United States military supercomputer originally programmed to predict possible outcomes of nuclear war.
 Lightman gets WOPR to run a nuclear war simulation, originally believing it to be a computer game.
 The computer, now tied into the nuclear weapons control system and unable to tell the difference between simulation and reality, attempts to start World War III.
In the U.S. military's strategic nuclear weapon nuclear command and control (NC2) system, an Emergency Action Message (EAM) is a preformatted message that directs nuclear-capable forces to execute specific Major Attack Options (MAOs) or Limited Attack Options (LAOs) in a nuclear war.
 Individual countries or specific regions may be included or withheld in the EAM, as specified in the Single Integrated Operational Plan (SIOP).
 The SIOP was updated annually until February 2003, when it was replaced by Operations Plan (OPLAN) 8044.
 Since July 2012, the US nuclear war plan has been OPLAN 8010-12, "Strategic Deterrence and Force Employment".
The Prevention of Nuclear War Agreement was created to reduce the danger of nuclear war between the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
 The agreement was signed in Washington, D.C., on June 22, 1973, during a relative period of détente.
 The United States and the U.S.S.R. agreed to reduce the threat of a nuclear war and establish a policy to restrain hostility.
Proud Prophet was a simulated war game played by the United States in 1983.
 With an ongoing arms buildup against the Soviet Union, President Ronald Reagan and his Administration had a great deal of concern for the U.S. nuclear war plan and what may occur if we did not take action.
 After being briefed on the strike plan in place, President Reagan was unsatisfied and took measures to simulate a response to the onset of a nuclear war.
 The simulation consisted of 200 Military Personnel and Politicians with only twelve days of actual play.
 Stretching the twelve days of gameplay over several week periods, Personnel involved in the simulation were forced to make critical strategic and diplomatic decisions to test the effectiveness of the United States strike plan.
 Due to heightened tensions with the ongoing Cold War made this simulation the most realistic in United States Military history.
 For the first time ever, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff took part in the game, although their participation was concealed.
 One of the main purposes of the simulation was to test the response of the National Command Authority's (NCA) decision making when dealing with many different situations at once.
 Although Proud Prophet was intended to help senior officials test their nuclear strategies, it was apparent that many of the concepts in place were incompatible with current Military capabilities.
 Many important parts of this simulation saw limited use of de-escalation tactics.
 If a risk of a war did occur, many Military advisors saw the use of nuclear missiles as the deterring factor when dealing with the Soviet Union.
 The idea behind this concept was that Soviet forces would seek ceasefire if the West moved to use nuclear weapons.
 The final outcome of the Proud Prophet war game would show the need to resolve global issues in times of war or potential war.
 The outcome of an all-out nuclear war is the total destruction of both sides involved, and a death toll nearly reaching half a billion with the remaining dying from starvation or lethal doses of radiation.
 The government file for Proud Prophet was not declassified until December 20th, 2012, and was only declassified in part.
 While there is no known reason why it was unclassified under the Obama administration.
"Rita May" (sometimes spelled as "Rita Mae") is a song by Bob Dylan, originally recorded during the sessions for the album Desire, but released only as the B-side of a single and on the compilation album, "Masterpieces".
 The song is based on the 1957 rockabilly song "Bertha Lou".
 Some listeners believe that the lyrics of the song refer to writer Rita Mae Brown, who had complained of the lack of opportunities for casual lesbian sex.
May began her career as a singer on the working men's club circuit in and around South Yorkshire.
 She featured in the television adaptation of Barry Hines' "The Price of Coal", a "Play for Today" first broadcast in 1977, and as Jimmy Kemp's mother in the Hines' scripted nuclear war drama "Threads" (1984).
 She has appeared in popular television series such as "Early Doors" and "Drop Dead Gorgeous", and radio programmes including "Ed Reardon's Week" and "The Blackburn Files".
 In 2005, she appeared in one episode of "Heartbeat".
 In March 2009, it was announced that from 17 April she would appear as Connie Rathbone, a new love interest of pigeon fancier Jack Duckworth, in the ITV1 soap opera "Coronation Street".
 She had already appeared in the soap opera in 'bit parts' on three earlier occasions.
Jimmy Kemp (born June 27, 1971) is the President of the Jack Kemp Foundation, the Executive Vice President of Group 47 and a former CFL quarterback.
 He is the brother of former NFL quarterback Jeff Kemp and the son of the late American Football League Most Valuable Player and U.S. Congressman Jack Kemp.
Jimmy Jimmy was a short-lived pop band from Coventry during the mid-1980s.
 They released one LP entitled "Here In The Light" in 1986 on CBS Records and a few singles including "I Met Her In Paris" and "Silence", which was a number 1 hit in Japan.
 The band members were James O'Neill and Jimmy Kemp.
Threads is a 1984 British television drama jointly produced by the BBC, Nine Network and Western-World Television Inc.
 Written by Barry Hines and directed by Mick Jackson, it is a docudrama account of nuclear war and its effects on the city of Sheffield in Northern England.
 The plot centres on two families as a confrontation between the United States and the Soviet Union erupts.
 As the nuclear exchange between NATO and the Warsaw Pact begins, the film depicts the medical, economic, social and environmental consequences of nuclear war.
