Little Nikita is a 1988 American cult drama film directed by Richard Benjamin and starring River Phoenix and Sidney Poitier.
 The film marks the first collaboration between Phoenix and Poitier (the second being "Sneakers" in 1992).
Let's Do It Again is a 1975 American action crime comedy film directed by and starring Sidney Poitier and co-starring Bill Cosby and Jimmie Walker, among an all-star black cast.
 The film, directed by Poitier, is about blue-collar workers who decide to rig a boxing match to raise money for their fraternal lodge.
 The song of the same name by The Staple Singers was featured as the opening and ending theme of the movie, and as a result, the two have become commonly associated with each other.
 This was the second film pairing of Poitier and Cosby following "Uptown Saturday Night", and followed by "A Piece of the Action" (1977).
 Although their characters have different names in each film, the three Poitier-Cosby pictures are considered to be a trilogy.
 Of the three, "Let's Do It Again" has been the most successful both critically and commercially.
 Calvin Lockhart and Lee Chamberlin also appeared in "Uptown Saturday Night".
The Wilby Conspiracy is a 1975 DeLuxe Color thriller film directed by Ralph Nelson and filmed in Kenya.
 It was written by Rodney Amateau, based on the 1972 novel by Peter Driscoll.
 It had a limited release in the US.
 This is the third film teaming Sidney Poitier with director Ralph Nelson.
 The first time they worked together was in 1963 on "Lilies of the Field", the film for which Poitier received an Academy Award.
 Nelson also directed Poitier in "Duel at Diablo" in 1966.
Poitier Meets Plato is an album recorded by Warner Bros.
 Records and published by Jackie Barnett.
 The actor Sidney Poitier recites excerpts from Plato's works over music composed and conducted by Fred Katz.
 The passages were arranged and selected by Henry L. Drake.
Joanna Shimkus, Lady Poitier (born 30 October 1943), is a Canadian former actress and is married to Bahamian-American actor and diplomat Sir Sidney Poitier.
A Piece of the Action is a 1977 American crime comedy film directed by and starring Sidney Poitier and co-starring Bill Cosby.
 It was the third film pairing of Poitier and Cosby, following "Uptown Saturday Night" (1974) and "Let's Do It Again" (1975).
 The films are considered a trilogy, even though the actors play characters with different names in each film.
 It was also Poitier's last acting role for more than a decade, as he focused his attentions on directing only.
Pembroke Jared Herring (born in April 15, 1930) is an American film editor who has 3 Oscar nominations for the category of Best Film Editing.
 He often worked with Sidney Poitier on the films that Poitier directed, editing nearly all of them.
 Herring's son, Craig Herring, is also a film editor.
For Love of Ivy is a 1968 romantic comedy film directed by Daniel Mann.
 The film stars Sidney Poitier, Abbey Lincoln, Beau Bridges, Nan Martin, Lauri Peters and Carroll O'Connor.
 The story was written by Sidney Poitier with screenwriter Robert Alan Arthur.
 The musical score was composed by Quincy Jones.
 The theme song "For Love of Ivy", written by Quincy Jones and Bob Russell, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song.
 The film received Golden Globe supporting acting nominations for Beau Bridges and Abbey Lincoln.
Ghost Dad is a 1990 American fantasy comedy film directed by Sidney Poitier and starring Bill Cosby, in which a widower's spirit is able to communicate with his children after his death.
 It was critically panned, and wound up on many critics' "worst of 1990" and "worst of all time" lists.
 The film remains Sidney Poitier's last directorial effort to date.
Duel at Diablo is a 1966 western film starring James Garner in his first Western since leaving "Maverick" and Sidney Poitier in his first Western.
 Based on Marvin H. Albert's 1957 novel "Apache Rising", the film was written by Albert and Michael M. Grilikhes and directed by Ralph Nelson who had directed Poitier in "Lilies of the Field".
 The supporting cast includes Bibi Andersson, Bill Travers, Dennis Weaver and John Hoyt; Ralph Nelson has a cameo as an Army Major.
 The movie was shot on location amidst striking scenery in Utah; the musical score was composed by Neal Hefti.
