Anna Ecklund (sometimes documented as Emma Schmidt) was an American woman whose alleged demonic possession and exorcism occurred over several decades, culminating in an extensive exorcism that lasted from August 18 to December 23, 1928 in Earling, Iowa.
 Ecklund was said to have exhibited symptoms akin to possession beginning at age fourteen, and was forty six-years-old during her final exorcism by Father Theophilus Riesinger, a German Roman Catholic priest.
The Chief Defense Counsel is a United States Department of Defense military position created by the Military Commissions Act of 2006 to supervise military and civilian defense attorneys for Guantanamo Bay detention camp prisoners in the Guantanamo military commission.
 The Office of the Chief Defense Counsel is a component of the Office of Military Commissions.
Wiggins v. Smith, 539 U.S. 510 (2003) is a case in which the United States Supreme Court spelled out standards for "effectiveness" in the constitutional right to legal counsel guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment.
 Previously the court had determined that the Sixth Amendment included the right to "effective assistance" of legal counsel, but it did not specify what constitutes "effective", thus leaving the standards for effectiveness vague.
 In "Wiggins v. Smith", the court set forth the American Bar Association Guidelines for the Appointment and Performance of Defense Counsel in Death Penalty Cases Guideline 11.8.6.
(1989), as a specific guideline by which to measure effectiveness and competence of legal counsel.
The Exorcism of Emily Rose is a 2005 American legal drama horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and starring Laura Linney and Tom Wilkinson.
 The film is loosely based on the story of Anneliese Michel and follows a self-proclaimed agnostic who acts as defense counsel (Linney) representing a parish priest (Wilkinson), accused by the state of negligent homicide after he performed an exorcism.
Sophia Goudstikker (1865-1924) was a Dutch-born German photographer and feminist pioneer.
 She was one of the premier women's rights activists in Munich at the turn of the century and a business partner and companion of Anita Augspurg.
 When their partnership dissolved, Goudstikker became a more moderate feminist and partnered with Ika Freudenberg.
 Goudstikker was the inspiration for three different writers' depictions of a more masculine woman, who defied typical feminine characterizations.
 She was the first unmarried German woman to obtain a royal license for photography and the first German woman allowed to argue cases before the youth court.
Anneliese Michel ] (21 September 1952 – 1 July 1976) was a German woman who underwent Catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death.
 Later investigation determined that she was malnourished and dehydrated; her parents and the priests responsible were charged with negligent homicide.
 She was diagnosed with epileptic psychosis (temporal lobe epilepsy) and had a history of psychiatric treatment, which was overall not effective.
 Her condition worsened with her displaying various other symptoms which she took medication for as well.
 Michel and her family became convinced she was possessed by demons.
 The case attracted media and public attention because of the priests' unusual decision to employ a 400-year-old ritual of exorcism.
 The film "The Exorcism of Emily Rose" is loosely based on her story.
Dwight H. Sullivan is a military officer and lawyer.
 From 2005 to 2007, he served as the Chief Defense Counsel for the Office of Military Commissions.
 In 2007, he became a civilian lawyer working for the Air Force doing death penalty defense appellate work.
 Sullivan is a colonel in the United States Marine Corps Reserve.
 He is a graduate of the University of Maryland and the University of Virginia School of Law.
 Prior to his role in defending the Guantanamo Bay detainees he worked with the Maryland office of the American Civil Liberties Union.
A United States military jury (or "Members", in military parlance) serves a function similar to an American civilian jury, but with several notable differences.
 Only a General Court-Martial (which, depending on the offense, may impose any sentence including death and a dishonorable discharge) or Special Court-Martial (which, depending on the offense, can impose a sentence up to one year in confinement and a bad-conduct discharge) includes members.
 There are no members in a trial by Summary Court-Martial (which, depending on the offense, can impose a sentence up to 30 days in confinement).
 If the accused at a general court-martial or special court-martial chooses to be tried by members rather than by a military judge alone, then the members are responsible for both rendering a verdict and a sentence should the accused be found guilty of the charges.
 The charges are brought forward by an officer called a "convening authority", and the convening authority also personally selects each of the members who will try the accused.
 The charges which have been levied by the convening authority are prosecuted at courts-martial by Judge Advocates called "trial counsel".
 Accused persons facing general or special courts-martial receive representation free of charge from Judge Advocates acting as defense counsel.
 Accused persons may also be represented at general or special courts-martial by civilian attorneys hired at their own expense.
 While not required by Congressional law, service policy provides that many military accused receive the benefit of representation from a Judge Advocate defense counsel free of charge at summary courts-martial as well.
Erich Schmidt-Leichner (14 October 1910 – 17 March 1983) was a German lawyer who made a name as a distinguished defense counsel at the Nuremberg Trials (1945 - 1946).
 In 1978, he was a defense counsel in the "Klingenberg Case" (Anneliese Michel), where a married couple were accused of negligent homicide for failing to call a medical doctor during an exorcism of their daughter.
The Air Force Legal Operations Agency (AFLOA) includes all senior defense counsel, senior trial counsel, and appellate defense and government counsel in the Air Force, as well as all Air Force civil litigators defending the Air Force against civil law suits claiming damages and seeking other remedies in contracts, environmental, labor, and tort litigation.
 The agency includes numerous field support centers to include Tort Claim, Environmental Law, Labor Law, Commercial Litigation, Contract Law, Medical Law, and Accident Investigation Board.
 It also includes the utility litigation team, the Medical Cost Reimbursement program, and the Air Force Claims Service Center.
 The agency also includes the Judge Advocate General’s school and the Information Systems Directorate.
 This provides information technology services to worldwide Air Force legal offices and provides federal legal information technology through Federal Legal Information Technology and electronics services to legal offices throughout the Department of Defense.
 AFLOA has offices worldwide at more than 76 locations and consists of 426 military and civilian attorneys and 405 military and civilian paralegals and support personnel.
