Richard Robert Cherry PC, QC (19 March 1859 – 10 February 1923 ) was an Irish politician and judge.
 He was Attorney-General for Ireland from 1905 to 1909, a judge of the Irish Court of Appeal and Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench in Ireland 1913–1916.
 A Liberal, he was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Liverpool Exchange in 1906.
 Cherry published works include "Lectures on the Growth of Criminal Law in Ancient Communities", 1890, and a book on the Irish Land Acts which was described as an indispensable part of every Irish barrister's library.
 He was president of the Statistical and Social Inquiry Society of Ireland between 1908 and 1911.
William Thomas "W. T." Cosgrave (Irish: "Liam Tomás Mac Cosgair" ; 6 June 1880 – 16 November 1965) was an Irish politician who succeeded Michael Collins as Chairman of the Provisional Government of the Irish Free State from August to December 1922.
 He served as the first President of the Executive Council (prime minister) of the Irish Free State from 1922 to 1932.
 Cosgrave never technically held the office of Taoiseach (the current title of Ireland's head of government, created in 1937); however, as the first elected head of government in an independent Ireland, he is by convention considered to have been the first Taoiseach.
The constitutional process in Turkey begins with Sened-i İttifak in 1808 and continues today.
 Sened-i İttifak prepared by Alemdar Mustafa Pasha, in period of Mahmut II was signed on September 29, 1808 among Rumelian and Anatolian chief men and the Ottoman State in order to make the central authority dominant at the provinces.
 This document is agreed to the first "constitutional document" in the Turkish history, because for the first time in Turkish history with Sened-i İttifak in Ottoman the state power is gotten limited.
 Imperial Edict of Reorganization prepared by Mustafa Reshid Pasha on November 3, 1839 in period of Abdülmecit was declared.
 The sovereign with this imperial edict swore he was going to adapt to policies declared on imperial edict and laws to be put.
 Hatt-ı Hümayun that was complementary and reinforcing of this imperial edict was declared as "edict" in 1856 by Abdülmecit.
 Eggheads and writers growing up in the period of Tanzimat and known as The Young Ottomans began to defend constitutionalism government by being affected from Europe and they brought Abdülhamit II instead of him, by taking down Abdülaziz from throne in order to get constitutionalism declared.
 On December 23, 1876 it was passed to constitutionalism by being declared Kanun-i Esasî Mithat Pasha prepares.
 Kanun-i Esasî is amditted as a constitution according to criteria.
 In accordance with 113th article of Kanun-i Esasî that was the first constitution of Turkish history and consisting of 12 sections and 119 articles, the sovereign could suspend constitution on extraordinaries conditions.
 Abdülhamit II suspended constitution by showing why Russian wars in 1877.
 A result of the military insurrection in 1908, Abdülhamit II constituted the Constitution of 1876 again and so the period of Constitutionalism II began.
 it was made important changes on constitution in 1909 after Abdülhamit II taken down from throne after in 1909 31 March Incident happened.
 By these changes, Constitution of 1876 became a constitution of limited parliamentarian monarchy.
 With İstanbul is occupied on March 16, 1920 after Ottoman State is beat in World War I, Chamber of Deputies of the Ottoman Empire gathered for last time on March 18, 1920 and took a break from its workings.
 After Damad Ferid Pasha got Meclis-i Mebusan abrogated on April 11, 1920, on April 23, 1920 the first Grand National Assembly gathered in Ankara.
 The Assembly admitted Turkish Constitution of 1921.
 With changes made on law of Teşkilât-ı Esasîye that was only tender constitution of The Republic of Turkey elements such as regime, the religion, the language, the capital, president of the state were designated.
 because of officially not being repealed Kanun-i Esasi of 1876, Law of Teşkilât-ı Esasîye not detailed at degree to pay needs of a new state, new period Grand National Assembly of Turkey remained face to face with question to do a new constitution.
 New Law of Teşkilât-ı Esasîye ( Constitution of 1924) was admitted on day April 20, 1924.
 Constitution of 1924 is more pliant to Constitution of 1921 in the unity powers and a taken important step aimed at parliamentarin regime.
 Constitution of 1924 remained in effect until 1961.
 On May 27, 1960, a group of officers named National Union Committee confiscated management.
 By being founded Founder Assembly for being done a new constitution, new constitution was allowed to prepare this assembly.
 On July 9, 1961 referendum was performed and Constitution of 1961 by 61.5% in result of the vote was admitted.
 To ends of 1960s in Turkey result of political intensity events increase and these can not be obstructed Chief of Staff President and Force Commanders on 12 March 1971 forced Demirel prime minister of the period resignation.
 With Demiral resigns a "non-partisan" government in army support was founded and change on constitution was made.
 Army on 12 September 1980 because of 12 March Diplomatic Note does not give conclusions expected consfiscated management.
 "Founder Assembly" in order to make a constitution with law enacted on 29 June 1981 was created.
 This assembly that consisted of The Turkish National Security Council Consultation Assembly presented to public opinion on 7 November 1982 constitution it prepares.
 Constitution by 91.37% has been admitted and it has been published.
The Arts Council (sometimes called the Arts Council of Ireland; legally Irish: An Chomhairle Ealaíon ) is the arts council of Ireland.
 It was established in 1951 by the Government of Ireland, to encourage interest in Irish art (including visual art, music, performance, and literature) and to channel funding from the state to Irish artists and arts organisations.
 This includes encouragement of traditional Irish arts, support for contemporary Irish arts, and finance for international arts events in Ireland.
 The council was modeled on the Arts Council of Great Britain, founded in 1946, and works closely with the Arts Council of Northern Ireland, formed by the British government in Northern Ireland in 1962 to fulfil a similar role.
Comhairle na dTeachtaí was an Irish republican parliament established by opponents of the 1921 Anglo-Irish Treaty and the resulting Irish Free State, and viewed by republican legitimatists as a successor to the Second Dáil.
 Members were abstentionist from the Third Dáil established by the pro-Treaty faction.
 Just as the First Dáil established a parallel Irish Republic in opposition to the British Dublin Castle administration, so Comhairle na dTeachtaí attempted to establish a legitimatist government in opposition to the Provisional Government and Government of the Irish Free State established by the Third Dáil.
 This legitimatist government, called the Council of State, had Éamon de Valera as President.
 In 1926 de Valera resigned as President, left the Sinn Féin party and founded Fianna Fáil, which in 1927 entered the Fourth Dáil.
 Comhairle na dTeachtaí, never more than a symbolic body, was thereby rendered defunct.
 In 1930 Cumann na nGaedheal TDs alleged in the Dáil that de Valera had addressed Comhairle na dTeachtaí in December 1926, after the foundation of Fianna Fáil; this was to cast aspersions on de Valera's commitment to the Constitution of the Irish Free State.
The British Virgin Islands general election, 1967 was held in the British Virgin Islands on 14 April 1967.
 The election was the first general election after the passing of the new Constitution earlier in the same year, which introduced Ministerial Government into the British Virgin Islands for the first time.
 Elections under the prior Constitution introduced in 1950 to restore the Legislative Council had merely elected legislators.
 It is probably fair to say that 1967 marked the introduction of true direct democratic rule in the British Virgin Islands.
 But, notwithstanding the introduction of Ministerial Government, the resulting Legislative Council is still referred to as the 6th Legislative Council in deference to the five prior Councils elected under the 1950 Constitution.
The Cabinet of Malaysia is the executive branch of Malaysia's government.
 Led by the Prime Minister, the cabinet is a council of ministers who are accountable collectively to the Parliament.
 According to the Article 43 of the Constitution, members of the Cabinet can only be selected from members of either houses of Parliament.
 Formally, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong appoints all Ministers on the advice of the Prime Minister.
 The constitution is amended by repealing the Clause (8) of Article 43, enabling a person who is a member of State Legislative Assembly to continue to be one even when he or she is appointed as a minister or deputy minister in the cabinet.
 Ministers other than the Prime Minister shall hold office during the pleasure of the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, unless the appointment of any Minister shall have been revoked by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong on the advice of the Prime Minister but any Minister may resign his office.
 In practice, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong is obliged to follow the advice of the Prime Minister on the appointment and dismissal of ministers.
The Constitution (Amendment No. 17) Act, 1931 (No. 37/1931) popularly called the Public Safety Act 1931, was an amendment to the Constitution of the Irish Free State which inserted Article 2A, empowering the Executive Council to declare a state of emergency during which most provisions of the constitution could be suspended and extra security measures taken.
 These measures included the use of a military tribunal (the Constitution (Special Powers) Tribunal) to try civilians for political crimes, granting extra powers of search and arrest to the Garda Síochána (police), and the prohibition of organisations deemed a threat to the state's security.
 The act was rushed through in October by the then government, of Cumann na nGaedheal under W. T. Cosgrave, during a period of increased activity by physical force Irish republicans.
 Cosgrave declared an emergency as soon as the act was passed and prohibited republican organisations, including the Irish Republican Army, Fianna Eireann, Cumann na mBan and Saor Éire, as well as communist revolutionary groups.
 The military tribunal was motivated in part by jury intimidation in trials of republican activists.
 The opposition Fianna Fáil party condemned the act and ended the emergency when it gained power after the 1932 election.
 However, in 1933 it reinstated the emergency and banned the Blueshirts, and in 1936 the IRA was banned again.
 In the landmark 1934 case "State (Ryan) v. Lennon", the Supreme Court of Ireland held that the Oireachtas has not acted ultra vires in passing the 1931 act.
Sergey Yurievich Glazyev (Russian: Серге́й Юрьевич Глазьев ) (born January 1, 1961, in Zaporozhye, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a Russian politician and economist, advisor to the president of the Russian Federation on regional economic integration, member of the National Financial Council of the Bank of Russia, and a full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences since 2008.
 Dr. Glazyev was a minister of Foreign Economic Relations in Yeltsin's cabinet and the only member of the Russian government to resign in protest around the time of President Yeltsin's abolition of the Parliament and the Constitution in 1993.
 Glazyev was a member of the State Duma in 1993-2007, a candidate for the Presidency of the Russian Federation in 2004, and one of the leaders of the electoral block Rodina in 2003-2004.
Patrick "Paddy" Gaffney (died 1943) was a left-wing Irish politician.
 A flour miller from County Carlow, he was returned for the Labour Party in Carlow–Kilkenny at the 1922 general election.
 He left Labour to join the Communist Party of Ireland in protest over the Constitution of the Irish Free State's requiring the Oath of Allegiance for all legislators.
 He participated in the Third Dáil when it met as a "Provisional Parliament and Constitutent Assembly" in September 1922, but withdrew when it became the Free State Dáil in December as the Constitution came into force and the Oath was required.
 He stood as a "Republican Labour" candidate in the 1923 general election but was defeated.
