The Self Winding Clock Company (SWCC) was a major manufacturer of electromechanical clocks from 1886 until about 1970.
 The Self Winding Clock Company clock mechanisms were truly revolutionary because the spring that powers the clock was not wound by hand but with an electric motor.
 The SWCC of New York was one of the first companies in the United States to successfully employ electric energy to power a clock.
 The winding motor is attached to, and mounted below, the conventional clock works.
 The unique feature of their patented clock mechanism is the automatic rewinding of the main spring each hour by the small electric motor.
 A contact switch mounted on the clock's center shaft is activated after the clock has run for one hour and the main spring is rewound one revolution.
 This rewinding occurs each hour.
 The power for the motor is supplied by batteries and the batteries last about one year before needing to be replaced.
 This clock mechanism never needed to be wound by hand and this eliminated the concern that someone may forget to wind the clock.
 Hence the company name, The Self Winding Clock Company.
The Denmark Hill Insect Bed is a Triassic fossil locality in the Denmark Hill Conservation Park of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.
 It belongs to the Blackstone Formation (Ipswich Coal Measures Group) dated to the Carnian age (228.0 - 216.5 million years ago).
 Its coordinates are .
 Its paleogeographic coordinates are .
Dulwich ( ) is an area of south London, England.
 The settlement is mostly in the London Borough of Southwark, with parts in the London Borough of Lambeth and consists of Dulwich Village, East Dulwich, West Dulwich and the Southwark half of Herne Hill (which is often referred to as the North Dulwich triangle).
 Dulwich lies in a valley between the neighbouring districts of Camberwell, Crystal Palace, Denmark Hill, Forest Hill, Peckham, Sydenham Hill and Tulse Hill and was in Surrey until 1889, when the County of London was created.
Herne Hill is a district in south London, England, approximately four miles from Charing Cross and bordered by Brixton, Denmark Hill, Dulwich Village, Loughborough Junction and Tulse Hill.
 It overlaps the boundary between the boroughs of Lambeth and Southwark.
 There is a road of the same name in the area (which is part of the A215 and was formerly called Herne Hill Road).
On a Clear Day You Can See Forever is a 1970 American musical comedy-drama fantasy film directed by Vincente Minnelli.
 The screenplay by Alan Jay Lerner is adapted from his book for the 1965 stage production of the same name.
 The songs feature lyrics by Lerner and music by Burton Lane.
 The American Film Institute has listed "On a Clear Day You Can See Forever" as one of the 100 greatest musical films ever.
24 Hours in A&E is a British television series, a medical documentary set in a teaching hospital in inner London.
 Initially it was filmed in King's College Hospital in Denmark Hill, Camberwell, but in the 7th series, the setting was changed St George's Hospital in Tooting, Wandsworth and has been filmed there since.
 Cameras film round the clock for 28 days, 24 hours a day in A&E (Accident and Emergency).
 It offers unprecedented access to one of Britain's busiest A&E departments
Caer Caradoc (Welsh - Caer Caradog, the fort of Caradog) is a hill in the English county of Shropshire.
 It overlooks the town of Church Stretton and the village of All Stretton and offers panoramic views to the north towards the Wrekin, east to Wenlock Edge, and west over the nearby Long Mynd.
 On a clear day it is possible to see the hills of north-east Wales to the north, the high-rise buildings of Birmingham to the east, Worcester Beacon in the Malvern Hills to the south-east, and Hay Bluff in the Black Mountains and the peaks of the Brecon Beacons, to the south.
 Caer Caradoc is hill G/WB-006 in Summits on the Air.
 This Caer Caradoc is not to be confused with that 1 km to the west of Chapel Lawn village near Bucknell.
Denmark Hill railway station is in the area of Denmark Hill in south London, England, on the Thameslink, South London, Victoria-Dartford and Chatham lines.
Denmark Hill is an area and road in Camberwell, in the London Borough of Southwark.
 The road forms part of the A215; north of Camberwell Green it becomes Camberwell Road; south of Red Post Hill it becomes Herne Hill.
 Its postcode is SE5.
 Nearby streets whose names refer to different aspects of the same topographical feature include Dog Kennel Hill, Champion Hill and Red Post Hill.
 It marks the edge of the Thames valley plain in this area — from here to the river the land is flat.
 There are good views across central London from vantage points (e.g. top storey windows) on the top of the hill to the north and neighbouring Dulwich to the south.
 On a clear day one can read the time on the Big Ben clockface.
St Lawrence's Church is a Church of England church in the parish of West Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, England.
 It sits on top of West Wycombe Hill in a prominent position overlooking the West Wycombe Road, and surrounding villages.
 West Wycombe Hill is managed by the National Trust, although the church and graveyard are owned by the Church of England.
 The church resides in the Chilterns Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 St. Lawrence Church and the mausoleum both occupy similar positions on top of West Wycombe Hill, and the Church tower is visible for many miles around.
 The top of the tower is the highest point in the Southern Chilterns and on a clear day it is possible to see West London.
