Ice Cream Man is the fifth studio album by New Orleans rapper Master P.
 It was set to be released in the summer of '95 after he signed a deal with Priority.
 He released it in the spring of '96.
 It was released on April 16, 1996.
 "Ice Cream Man" was placed at No. 6 on the "Billboard"'s R&B Albums and No. 26 on the "Billboard" 200.
 It was Master P's and No Limit Record's first ever RIAA platinum certified album.
 The track "The Ghetto Won't Change" was not included on the 2005 re-issue.
 As of 2009, the album has sold 1,640,000 copies in the United States.
Rhino Foods Incorporated, founded in 1981 by Anne and Ted Castle, is a specialty ice cream novelty and ice cream ingredient manufacturer located in Burlington, Vermont, United States.
 Rhino Foods has grown from a small ice cream shop, Chessy's Frozen Custard, into a business with over 100 employees.
 In 2013, the company became a certified B Corporation joining over a 1000 companies worldwide in the unified goal to use business as a force for good for people and the planet.
 The company is best known locally for their ice cream sandwich, the Chesster.
 In 1991, the company worked with Ben & Jerry's to develop the first cookie dough for use in ice cream.
 The company produces cookie dough and baked pieces for most major brands in the ice cream industry .
 The company also co-packs ice cream cookie sandwiches for national and international companies .
Fred Claus is a 2007 American fantasy comedy family film directed by David Dobkin, written by Dan Fogelman and Jessie Nelson, and starring Vince Vaughn and Paul Giamatti.
 The film was released on November 9, 2007 in the US and later released in the UK on November 30, 2007 by Warner Bros.
 Pictures.
 It is loosely based on the poem "A legend of Santa and his brother Fred" written by Donald Henkel.
Ice Cream Man is a business entity whose stated goal is to give away 500,000 free units of ice cream throughout the United States.
 Since its founding in 2004, Ice Cream Man has given away approximately 300,000 units of ice cream.
 In the process the organization has become a fixture at music festivals across the United States.
 As of November 2010, Ice Cream Man has over 100 volunteers committed to the idea of free ice cream for all.
Rocky road ice cream is a chocolate flavored ice cream.
 Though there are variations from the original flavor, it is traditionally composed of chocolate ice cream, nuts, and whole or diced marshmallows.
 According to one source, the flavor was created in March 1929 by William Dreyer in Oakland, California when he cut up walnuts and marshmallows with his wife's sewing scissors and added them to his chocolate ice cream in a manner that reflected how his partner Joseph Edy's chocolate candy creation incorporated walnuts and marshmallow pieces.
 Later, the walnuts would be replaced by pieces of toasted almond.
 After the Wall Street Crash of 1929, Dreyer and Edy gave the flavor its current name "to give folks something to smile about in the midst of the Great Depression."
 Alternatively, Fentons Creamery in Oakland claims that William Dreyer based his recipe on a Rocky Road-style ice cream flavor invented by his friend, Fentons' George Farren, who blended his own Rocky Road-style candy bar into ice cream; however, Dreyer substituted almonds for walnuts.
Bruster's Ice Cream is an American chain of ice cream parlors whose ice cream and frozen yogurt is made from a milk-based mix at each individual store.
 Their primary operating region is in most states east of the Mississippi River.
 The chain is based in the Pittsburgh suburb of Bridgewater, Pennsylvania.
 All of the ice cream is made fresh in the stores in order to avoid ice crystal formation.
 The recipe book that Bruster's uses consists of over 170 recipes with many seasonal favorites.
 Bruster's also makes a variety of handmade ice cream cakes as well as homemade waffle cones.
 It recently started a Facebook site showing local deals and locations.
Three Twins Ice Cream is an American organic ice cream company based in California.
 Three Twins owns and operates four brick and mortar ice cream shops in Northern California and is a nationwide wholesaler of ice cream products.
 Three Twins was established in 2005 in Terra Linda, San Rafael, California.
 Three Twins' factory opened in Petaluma, California in 2010.
 The company has ice cream scoop shops in San Rafael, Larkspur, Lower Haight, San Francisco, and Napa.
 There are also three licensed/franchise locations at San Francisco International Airport, Fisherman's Wharf, and Santa Monica.
Bacon ice cream (or bacon-and-egg ice cream) is an ice cream generally created by adding bacon to egg custard and freezing the mixture.
 The concept of bacon ice cream originated in a 1973 sketch on the British comedy series "The Two Ronnies" as a joke; however, it was eventually created for April Fools' Day.
 Heston Blumenthal experimented with the creation of ice cream, making a custard similar to scrambled eggs then adding bacon to create one of his signature dishes.
 It now appears on dessert menus in other restaurants.
Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream Co. is an ice cream company based in Madison, Wisconsin that manufactures and distributes super-premium ice cream, frozen yogurt, Italian ice, soy ice cream, and no sugar added ice cream.
"Mr. Ice Cream Man" is the first single from Master P's album "Ice Cream Man".
 The single reached number 90 on the Billboard Hot 100 and it features Silkk the Shocker.
 The single was produced by both K-Lou.
