The city of Lyon and its urban area have several parks.
 The main parks in the inner city include Jardin des Chartreux in the 1st arrondissement, Parc Bazin, Parc Chambovet and Parc Sisley in the 3rd arrondissement, Parc de la Cerisaie, Parc Francis Popy and Jardin Rosa Mir in the 4th arrondissement, Jardin des Curiosités and Parc des Hauteurs in the 5th arrondissement, Parc de la Tête d'Or in the 6th arrondissement, Parc de Gerland, Parc des berges du Rhône and Parc Sergent Blandan in the 7th arrondissement, and Parc de Montpellas and Parc du Vallon in the 9th arrondissement.
The 1985-86 Division 1 season was the 48th since its establishment.
 Paris Saint-Germain became champions for the first time in their history with 56 points.
 During this season the "Boulogne Boys" and "Gavroche" emerged.
 They were groups of supporters located in the Kop of Boulogne a stand in the Parc des Princes.
 On 26 July 1985, Paris Saint-Germain took the top spot in the league for the first time in their history after defeating Toulouse 3-1.
 On 20 September, "Les Parisiens" recovered from a 2-0 score and claimed a 2-3 victory over Lens.
 A victory that proved the strength of the current championship leader.
 On 29 November, Paris recorded a goalless draw against Girondins de Bordeaux, setting a new record of 22 matches without defeat along the way (previously held by Saint-Étienne in the 1957-58 season).
 The capital club would eventually lose against Lille in the 20th matchday after recording a run of 27 matches without a single defeat.
 On 11 April 1986, Oumar Sène gave PSG the victory over AS Monaco in stoppage time.
 Thanks to the victory, the club captained by Luis Fernández was virtually champion of France, with four points ahead of the second and with a better goal difference.
 The club would become the first club from Paris to win the league since 1936.
 On 18 April, PSG lost 3-1 against Metz with a surprising ending that saw Paris goalkeeper Joël Bats abandon the pitch injured, leaving his place to Luis Fernández.
 On 25 April, Paris SG claimed their first league title after easily defeating Bastia 3-1 at the Parc des Princes.
 After the match, fireworks blazed in the sky celebrating the first championship of the club.
 On 28 April, the Mayor of Paris, Jacques Chirac, received the champion of France at the Paris City Hall.
The Parc des expositions de Paris-Nord Villepinte ("English: Paris Nord Villepinte") is a large convention center located in Villepinte near Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport.
 The center opened in 1982 and is the second-largest in France.
 The center encompasses 115 hectares and has 246,000 m of convention space in eight halls.
 The center is served by the Parc des Expositions station on the RER B.
 Paris Nord Villepinte is one metro stop from Charles de Gaulle Airport and 30 minutes from Gare du Nord, Chatelet-Les Halles, Saint Michel RER B stations in Paris city.
The Coupe de France Final 1997 was a football match held at Parc des Princes, Paris on May 10, 1997, that saw OGC Nice defeat EA Guingamp in a penalty shoot out.
 After normal time and extra-time could not separate the two sides, the match was to be decided on penalty kicks.
 Stéphane Carnot and Claude "Coco" Michel missed for EA Guingamp, only Louis Gomis missed for OGC Nice.
 This final was the last held at Parc des Princes, the next finals will be held at new Stade de France.
The Parc des Buttes-Chaumont (] ) is a public park situated in northeastern Paris, in the 19th arrondissement.
 Occupying 24.7 ha , it is the fifth-largest park in Paris, after the Bois de Vincennes, the Bois de Boulogne, the Parc de la Villette, and the Tuileries Garden.
 It was opened in 1867, late in the regime of Emperor Napoleon III, and was built by Jean-Charles Alphand, who created all the major parks of Napoleon III.
 The park has 5.5 km of roads and 2.2 km of paths.
 The most famous feature of the park is the "Temple de la Sibylle", inspired by the Temple of Vesta in Tivoli, Italy, perched at the top of a cliff fifty metres above the waters of the artificial lake.
Jean-Pierre Barillet-Deschamps (June 7, 1824 at Saint-Antoine-du-Rocher – September 12, 1873 at Vichy) was a French horticulturist and landscape architect.
 He was the chief gardener of Paris during the reign of Emperîor Napoleon III, and was responsible for planting the great gardens of the French Second Empire; the Bois de Boulogne, the Bois de Vincennes, Parc Montsouris, Parc des Buttes-Chaumont, the remaking of the Luxembourg Garden, and many smaller Parisian parks and gardens.
 He was also responsible for planting trees along the new boulevards of Paris.
 His landscape gardens, with their lakes, winding paths, sloping lawns, groves of exotic trees and flower beds, had a large influence on public parks throughout Europe and in the United States.
Parc Montsouris is a public park in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, at the southern edge of Paris directly south of the center.
 Opened in 1869, Parc Montsouris is one of the four large urban public parks, along with the Bois de Boulogne, the Bois de Vincennes and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, created by Emperor Napoleon III and his Prefect of the Seine, Baron Haussmann, at each of the cardinal points of the compass around the city, in order to provide green space and recreation for the rapidly growing population of Paris.
 The park is 15.5 hectares in area, and is designed as an English landscape garden.
The Parc de Belleville, one of the parks and gardens of the 20th arrondissement of Paris, is situated between the Parc des Buttes-Chaumont and the Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Paris today has more than 421 municipal parks and gardens, covering more than three thousand hectares and containing more than 250,000 trees.
 Two of Paris's oldest and most famous gardens are the Tuileries Garden, created in 1564 for the Tuileries Palace, and redone by André Le Nôtre in 1664; and the Luxembourg Garden, belonging to a château built for Marie de' Medici in 1612, which today houses the French Senate.
 The Jardin des Plantes was the first botanical garden in Paris, created in 1626 by Louis XIII's doctor Guy de La Brosse for the cultivation of medicinal plants.
 Between 1853 and 1870, the Emperor Napoleon III and the city's first director of parks and gardens, Jean-Charles Alphand, created the Bois de Boulogne, the Bois de Vincennes, Parc Montsouris and the Parc des Buttes-Chaumont, located at the four points of the compass around the city, as well as many smaller parks, squares and gardens in the neighborhoods of the city.
 One hundred sixty-six new parks have been created since 1977, most notably the Parc de la Villette (1987–1991) and Parc André Citroën (1992).
The 29th and final SPAR European Cup took place on 21 and 22 June 2008 at the Parc des Sports Stadium in Annecy, France.
 The Parc des Sports Annecy Stadium was also stadium for 1998 World Junior Championships in Athletics.
 It was the last edition of the European Cup which from 2009 has been replaced by European Team Championships combining the men and women competitions.
