The 1997 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 18, 1997.
 The sixteen teams that qualified, eight from each conference, played best-of-five series for division semifinals and best-of-seven series for division finals and conference finals.
 The conference champions played a best-of-seven series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on June 13, 1997, with the Hershey Bears defeating the Hamilton Bulldogs four games to one to win the eighth Calder Cup in team history.
 Hershey's Mike McHugh won the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy as AHL playoff MVP.
The 2016 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League started on April 20, 2016, with a changed playoff format.
 The sixteen teams that qualifies, eight from each conference, will play best-of-five series in the division semifinals, with the playoffs to continue with best-of-seven series for the division finals, conference finals, and Calder Cup finals.
 The Lake Erie Monsters defeated the Hershey Bears in a four-game sweep to win the Calder Cup for the first time in franchise history, and the tenth time the Calder Cup has been won by a team representing Cleveland, Ohio.
The 1976 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 3, 1976.
 The top three teams from each division qualified for the playoffs.
 The two division winners earned byes for the Division Semifinals while the other two teams in each division played best-of-seven series.
 The winners played best-of-seven series with the team that received the first round bye in their division.
 The winners of each Division Final played a best-of-seven series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on April 28, 1976, with the Nova Scotia Voyageurs defeating the Hershey Bears four games to one to win the Calder Cup for the second time in team history.
 Coincidentally, the Voyageurs parent club, the Montreal Canadiens won the Stanley Cup in a four-game sweep over the Philadelphia Flyers, making them the first pair of teams in history to win both the AHL's Calder Cup "and" NHL's Stanley Cup in the same season.
 Even more impressive is that these same two teams would accomplish this feat again the following year.
The 1991 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 2, 1991.
 Ten teams, five from each division, qualified for the playoffs.
 The top three teams in each division received a bye for the preliminary round while the fourth- and fifth-placed teams in each division played a two-game series with the winners advancing to the Division Semifinals; if each team won one game, the series winner was decided in sudden-death "super overtime" immediately following Game 2.
 The eight remaining teams then played best-of-seven series for Division Semifinals and Division Finals.
 The division champions played a best-of-seven series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on May 24, 1991, with the Springfield Indians defeating the Rochester Americans four games to two to win the Calder Cup for the second consecutive year, and the seventh and final time in team history.
 This was a rematch of the 1990 Calder Cup Final where Springfield defeated Rochester four games to two.
 Similarly, a Springfield goaltender—this time Kay Whitmore -- won the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy as the MVP of the playoffs.
The 1995 Calder Cup Playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 12, 1995.
 The twelve teams that qualified, four from each division, played best-of-7 series for division semifinals and division finals.
 The highest remaining seed received a bye for the third round while the other two remaining teams played a best-of-3 series, with the winner advancing to play the bye-team in a best-of-7 series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on May 26, 1995, with the Albany River Rats defeating the Fredericton Canadiens four games to zero to win the first Calder Cup in team history.
 Albany's Corey Schwab and Mike Dunham were co-winners of the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy as AHL playoff co-MVPs.
 Coincidentally, the River Rats parent club, the New Jersey Devils won the Stanley Cup in a four-game sweep over the Detroit Red Wings, making them the second pair of teams in history to win both the AHL's Calder Cup and NHL's Stanley Cup in the same season.
The 1988 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 6, 1988.
 The eight teams that qualified, four from each division, played best-of-seven series for Division Semifinals and Division Finals.
 The division champions played a best-of-seven series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on May 12, 1988, with the Hershey Bears defeating the Fredericton Express four games to zero to win the Calder Cup for the seventh time in team history.
 Hershey went an unprecedented 12-0 during their Calder Cup run, which also set an AHL record for most consecutive games won in one playoff.
 Hershey's Wendell Young won the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy as AHL playoff MVP.
The 1972 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 4, 1972.
 The eight teams that qualified played best-of-seven series for Division Semifinals and Finals.
 The division champions played a best-of-seven series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on May 15, 1972, with the Nova Scotia Voyageurs, in their inaugural season in Nova Scotia, defeating the Baltimore Clippers four games to two to win the Calder Cup for the first time in team history.
 The Voyageurs also became the first Canadian team to win the Calder Cup.
The 2007 Calder Cup Playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 18, 2007.
 The sixteen teams that qualified, eight from each conference, played best-of-7 series for division semifinals, finals and conference finals.
 The conference champions played a best-of-7 series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on June 7, 2007 with the Hamilton Bulldogs defeating the Hershey Bears four games to one to win the first Calder Cup in team history.
 This was a rematch of the 1997 Calder Cup Final, where Hershey defeated Hamilton in five games.
The 1978 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 11, 1978.
 The top three teams from each division qualified for the playoffs.
 The two division winners earned byes for the Division Semifinals while the other two teams in each division played best-of-five series.
 The winners played best-of-seven series with the team that received the first round bye in their division.
 The winners of each Division Final played a best-of-seven series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on May 15, 1978, with the Maine Mariners defeating the New Haven Nighthawks four games to one to win the Calder Cup for the first time in team history.
The 1979 Calder Cup playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 11, 1979.
 The top three teams from each division qualified for the playoffs.
 The two division winners earned byes for the Division Semifinals while the other two teams in each division played best-of-five series.
 The winners played best-of-seven series with the team that received the first round bye in their division.
 The winners of each Division Final played a best-of-seven series for the Calder Cup.
 The Calder Cup Final ended on May 11, 1979, with the Maine Mariners defeating the New Haven Nighthawks four games to zero to win the Calder Cup for the second consecutive year, and the third time in team history.
 Maine also beat new Haven in the 1978 Calder Cup Final.
