Francis Mankiewicz (March 15, 1944 in Shanghai, China – August 14, 1993 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) was a Canadian film director, screenwriter and producer.
 In 1945, his family moved to Montreal, where Francis spent all his childhood.
 His father was a second cousin to the famous Hollywood brothers, Joseph L. Mankiewicz and Herman J. Mankiewicz.
Sam Mintz (Belarusian: Сэм Мінц ; July 12, 1897 – September 13, 1957) was an American screenwriter from Belarus, who was nominated in the category of Best Adapted Screenplay at the 4th Academy Awards.
 He was nominated alongside Joseph L. Mankiewicz.
 They were nominated for "Skippy".
Sleuth is a 1972 British mystery thriller film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and starring Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine.
 The screenplay by playwright Anthony Shaffer was based on his 1970 Tony Award-winning play.
 Both Olivier and Caine were nominated for Academy Awards for their performances.
 This was Mankiewicz's final film.
 Critics gave the film overwhelmingly positive reviews, and would later note similarities between it and Caine's 1982 film "Deathtrap".
Tony Kaye (born Anthony John Selvidge, 11 January 1946) is an English keyboardist and songwriter.
 Kaye was the original keyboard player for the progressive rock group Yes, from 1968 to 1971, and toured with David Bowie from 1975 to 76 for the "Station to Station" tour.
 He rejoined Yes from 1983 to 1995.
 Between his stints with Yes, he was also a founder member of the 1970s rock bands Badger and Detective, and joined Badfinger for their last album in 1981.
 Kaye currently plays with CIRCA:, which also features Yes member Billy Sherwood, and formerly included Yes drummer Alan White.
 Kaye was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Yes in 2017.
Million Dollar Legs is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film starring Jack Oakie and W. C. Fields, directed by Edward F. Cline, produced by Herman J. Mankiewicz (co-writer of "Citizen Kane") and B. P. Schulberg, co-written by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, and released by Paramount Pictures.
 The film was inspired by the 1932 Summer Olympics, held in Los Angeles.
People Will Talk is a 1951 romantic comedy/drama film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck from a screenplay by Mankiewicz, based on the German play by Curt Goetz, which had been made into a movie in Germany ("Doctor Praetorius", 1950).
 Released by Twentieth Century Fox, the film stars Cary Grant and Jeanne Crain, with supporting performances by Hume Cronyn, Finlay Currie, Walter Slezak, and Sidney Blackmer.
There Was a Crooked Man... is a 1970 western starring Kirk Douglas and Henry Fonda and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz.
 This was the only western made by Mankiewicz, director of such notable films as "All About Eve", "Guys and Dolls" and "Cleopatra".
 It was written by David Newman and Robert Benton, their first script after "Bonnie and Clyde".
The Dummy is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Robert Milton and written by Harriet Ford, Harvey J. O'Higgins, Herman J. Mankiewicz and Joseph L. Mankiewicz.
 The film stars Fredric March, John Cromwell, Fred Kohler, Mickey Bennett, Vondell Darr, Jack Oakie and ZaSu Pitts.
 The film was released on March 9, 1929, by Paramount Pictures.
Mabel Greer's Toyshop are an English progressive rock (initially as psychedelic rock) band formed in London, active from 1966 to 1968 that was the precursor to the rock band Yes.
 Their music was marked by a combination of psychedelic, American blues and classically influenced arrangements with poetic lyrics.
 Members included Chris Squire, Peter Banks, Tony Kaye, Bill Bruford, and Jon Anderson.
 The band reformed in 2014 with original members, singer and guitarist Clive Bayley and drummer Robert Hagger, along with Hugo Barré, Tony Kaye, and Billy Sherwood.
Dragonwyck is a 1946 American period drama film made by Twentieth Century-Fox.
 It was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and Ernst Lubitsch (uncredited) from a screenplay by Mankiewicz, based on the novel "Dragonwyck" by Anya Seton.
 The music score was by Alfred Newman and the cinematography by Arthur C. Miller.
 The film stars Gene Tierney, Walter Huston and Vincent Price.
