Eastern Yugur is the Mongolic language spoken within the Yugur nationality.
 The other language spoken within the same community is Western Yughur, which is a Turkic language.
 The terms may also indicate the speakers of these languages.
 Traditionally, both languages are indicated by the term Yellow Uygur, from the autonym of the Yugur.
 Eastern Yugur speakers are said to have passive bilingualism with Southern Mongolian, the standard spoken in China.
Thadou (Thado, Thaadou, Thado-Ubiphei, Thado-Pao) is a common Kukish language spoken widely in the northeastern part of India (specifically in Manipur, Assam, Nagaland and Mizoram) and Burma, as well as the Bangladesh borders.
 It is spoken by people (known as The Thadou tribe) in Myanmar, mostly in the Chin State and Sagiang Division.
 The Thadou language is known by many names, including Thado, Thado-Ubiphei, Thado-Pao, Kuki, Kuki-Thado, Thaadou Kuki, Chin, and Thādo-pao.
 There are a few dialects of this language: Changsen, Jangshen, Kaokeep, Khongsai, Kipgen, Saimar, Langiung, Sairang, Thangngen, Haokip, Sitlhou, Singsit (Shingsol).
 These dialects are taught in Manipur schools, however, those outside the school, such as elders, are less familiar with them.
 The Saimar dialect was reported in the Indian press in 2012 to be spoken by only four people in one village in the state of Tripura.
 The variety spoken in Manipur has partial mutual intelligibility with the other Kukish varieties of the area including Paite, Hmar, Vaiphei, Simte, Kom and Gangte languages.
 Although this language is spoken in various areas, it is not utilized as much today.
 As of a 2001 census, the estimated total number of Thadou speakers is 269,200.
 Thadou is rapidly becoming endangered.
The Bantawa language (also referred to as An Yüng, Bantaba, Bantawa Dum, Bantawa Rai, Bantawa Yong, Bantawa Yüng, Bontawa, Kirawa Yüng), is an endangered Kiranti language spoken in the eastern Himalayan hills of eastern Nepal by Bantawa ethnic groups.
 They use a syllabic alaphabet system known as Kirat Rai.
 Among the Kirat Rai people of Eastern Nepal, Bantawa is the largest language spoken.
 According to the 2001 National Census, at least 1.63% of the Nepal's total population speaks Bantawa.
 About 370,000 speak Bantawa Language mostly in eastern hilly regions of Nepal (2001).
 Although Bantawa Rai is among the more widely used variety of the Bantawa language, it falls in the below-100,000 category of endangered languages.
 It is experiencing language shift to Nepali, especially in the northern region.
Komo is a Nilo-Saharan language spoken by the Kwama (Komo) people of Ethiopia, Sudan and Southern Sudan.
 It is a member of the Koman languages.
 The language is also referred to as Madiin, Koma, South Koma, Central Koma, Gokwom and Hayahaya.
 Many individuals from Komo are multilingual because they are in close proximity to Mao, Kwama and Oromo speakers.
 Komo is closely related to Kwama, a language spoken by a group who live in the same region of Ethiopia and who also identify themselves as ethnically Komo.
 Some Komo and Kwama speakers recognize the distinction between the two languages and culture, whereas some people see it as one "ethnolinguistic" community.
 The 2007 Ethiopian census makes no mention of Kwama, and for this reason its estimate of 8,000 Komo speakers may be inaccurate.
 An older estimate from 1971 places the number of Komo speakers in Ethiopia at 1,500.
 The Komo language is greatly understudied; more information is being revealed as researchers are discovering more data about other languages within the Koman family.
The languages of Scotland are the languages spoken or once spoken in Scotland.
 Each of the numerous languages spoken in Scotland during its recorded linguistic history falls into either the Germanic or Celtic language families.
 The classification of the Pictish language was once controversial, but it is now generally considered a Celtic language.
 Today, the main language spoken in Scotland is English, while Scots and Scottish Gaelic are minority languages.
 The dialect of English spoken in Scotland is referred to as Scottish English.
Bengali ( ), also known by its endonym Bangla ( ; বাংলা ] ), is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in the Indian Subcontinent.
 It is the national and official language of the People's Republic of Bangladesh, and the official language of some eastern and north-eastern states of the Republic of India, including West Bengal, Tripura, Assam (Barak Valley) and Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
 It is also one of the 22 scheduled languages of India.
 With 205 million speakers, Bengali is the seventh most spoken native language in the world by population.
 Dictionaries from the early 20th century attributed slightly more than half of the Bengali vocabulary to native words (i.e., naturally modified Sanskrit words, corrupted forms of Sanskrit words, and loanwords from non-Indo-European languages), about 30 percent to unmodified Sanskrit words, and the remainder to foreign words.
 Dominant in the last group was Persian, which was also the source of some grammatical forms.
 More recent studies suggest that the use of native and foreign words has been increasing, mainly because of the preference of Bengali speakers for the colloquial style.
 Today, Bengali is the primary language spoken in Bangladesh and the second most widely spoken language in India.
Romano-Greek (also referred to as Hellenoromani; ) is a nearly extinct mixed language (referred to as Para-Romani in Romani linguistics), spoken by the Romani people in Greece that arose from language contact between Romani speaking people and the Greek language.
 The language is expected to be a secret language spoken in Thessaly and Central Greece Administrative Unit.
 Typologically the language is structured on Greek with heavy lexical borrowing from Romani.
 Related variants of this language are Dortika.
 Dortika is a secret language spoken mainly in Athens by traveling builders from Eurytania Prefecture.
 In both cases, the languages are most likely not native to their speakers.
The culture of the Faroe Islands has its roots in the Nordic culture.
 The Faroe Islands were long isolated from the main cultural phases and movements that swept across parts of Europe.
 This means that they have maintained a great part of their traditional culture.
 The language spoken is Faroese.
 It is one of three insular Scandinavian languages descended from the Old Norse language spoken in Scandinavia in the Viking Age, the others being Icelandic and the extinct Norn, which is thought to have been mutually intelligible with Faroese.
 Until the 15th century, Faroese had a similar orthography to Icelandic and Norwegian, but after the Reformation in 1538, the ruling Danes outlawed its use in schools, churches and official documents.
 This maintained a rich spoken tradition, but for 300 years the language was not written down.
 This means that all poems and stories were handed down orally.
 These works were split into the following divisions: "sagnir" (historical), "ævintyr" (stories) and "kvæði" (ballads), often set to music and the mediaeval chain dance.
 These were eventually written down in the 19th century mostly by Danish scholars.
Fiji Hindi or Fijian Hindi, known locally as "Hindustani", is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by most Fijian citizens of Indian descent, though a small number speak other languages at home.
 It is an Eastern Hindi language, generally considered to be an older dialect of the Awadhi language spoken in central and east Uttar Pradesh that has been subject to considerable influence by Bhojpuri, Magahi and other Bihari languages.
 It has also borrowed a large number of words from the Fijian and English languages.
 A large number of words, unique to Fiji Hindi, have been created to cater for the new environment that Indo-Fijians now live in.
 First-generation Indians in Fiji, who used the language as a lingua franca in Fiji, referred to it as "Fiji Baat", "Fiji talk".
 It is closely related to Caribbean Hindustani and the Hindustani spoken in Mauritius and South Africa.
Bozo, or Boso, meaning "house of straw", is a Mande language spoken by the Bozo people, the principal fishing people of the Inner Niger Delta in Mali.
 According to the 2000 census, the Bozo people number about 132,100.
 The Bozo dialect cluster is often considered to be one language, but there is quite a bit of diversity.
 "Ethnologue" recognises four languages on the basis of requirements for literacy materials.
 Bozo is part of the northwestern branch of the Mande languages; the closest linguistic relative is Soninke, a major language spoken in the northwestern section of southern Mali, in eastern Senegal, and in southern Mauritania.
 The Bozo often speak one or more regional languages such as Bamana, Maasina Fulfulde, or Western Songhay.
 The language is tonal, with three lexical tones.
