Story of O (French: Histoire d'O , ] ) is an erotic novel published in 1954 by French author Anne Desclos under the pen name Pauline Réage, and published in French by Jean-Jacques Pauvert.
The Day of the Triffids is a 1951 post-apocalyptic novel by the English science fiction author John Wyndham.
 It is about a plague of blindness that befalls the entire world, allowing the rise of an aggressive species of plant.
 Although Wyndham had already published other novels using other pen name combinations drawn from his real name, this was the first novel published as "John Wyndham".
 It established him as an important writer and remains his best known novel.
Ramsey Dukes is the current and most well-known pen name of Lionel Snell, a contemporary English magician, publisher and author on magic and philosophy.
 He has also under the pen names Lemuel Johnston.
 Angerford and Lea, Adamai Philotunus and Per Anum Ad Astra.
 His regular satirical column "The Satanist's Diary" was published in the magazine "Aquarian Arrow" during the 1980s and early 1990s under the pen name The Hon Hugo C StJ l'Estrange and included a multitude of other pen names as contributors.
Jeff Sampson is a young adult and children's author.
 He was born on a U.S. military base in Nuremberg, Germany on July 15, 1982.
 He started writing professionally at age eighteen.
 His first books were packaged series fiction.
 When Sampson was twenty-two, he had his first novel published as part of the Dragonlance series of fantasy novels.
 He since went on to write many original young adult and children's series, including Monster Slayers under the pen name Lukas Ritter for Wizards of the Coast; Deviants for Balzer + Bray, an imprint of HarperCollins Children’s Books; and The Last Dogs under the pen name Christopher Holt for Little, Brown Books for Young Readers.
 Jeff Sampson currently lives in Seattle, Washington in the United States.
The Cuckoo Clock by Mary Louisa Molesworth is a British children's fantasy novel published in 1877.
 The book was published under her pen name Ennis Graham but was then reprinted with her own name in 1882.
 Original illustrations were done by Walter Crane.
 A new edition of "The Cuckoo Clock" was published in 1914 with illustrations by Maria L. Kirk.
El Ardiente Secreto (English The impassioned secret) is a telenovela made by Mexican TV network Televisa.
 This telenovela was broadcast in 1978.
 This soap opera was televised on weekends only.
 It was based on the Charlotte Brontë's novel "Jane Eyre".
Ardiente secreto is a Mexican telenovela produced by Irene Sabido for Televisa in 1978.
 Is based on the Charlotte Brontë's novel "Jane Eyre".
Aunt Jane's Nieces is the title of a juvenile novel published by Reilly & Britton in 1906, and written by L. Frank Baum under the pen name "Edith Van Dyne."
 Since the book was the first in a series of novels designed for adolescent girls, its title was applied to the entire series of ten books, published between 1906 and 1918.
The Dice Man is a novel published in 1971 by George Cockcroft under the pen name Luke Rhinehart and tells the story of a psychiatrist who begins making life decisions based on the casting of dice.
 Cockcroft wrote the book based on his own experiences of using dice to make decisions while studying psychology.
 The novel is noted for its subversion, anti-psychiatry sentiments and for reflecting moods of the early 1970s.
 Due to its subversive nature and chapters concerned with controversial issues such as rape, murder and sexual experimentation, it was banned in several countries.
 Upon its initial publication, the cover bore the confident subheader, "Few novels can change your life.
 This one will" and quickly became a modern cult classic.
Colin Falconer (born 1953) is a pen name of Colin Bowles, who also uses the pen name Mark D'Abranville, an English-born Australian writer.
 Works published under the pen name include contemporary and historical thrillers, and children's books.
 Under his original name he has also published books of satirical fiction; non-fiction books about language; television and radio scripts; and many magazine articles and columns.
