Buckfield is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States.
 Buckfield is included in the Lewiston-Auburn, Maine metropolitan New England City and Town Area.
 It is a member of Maine School Administrative District 39 along with nearby Hartford and Sumner.
 The town had a population of 2,009 as of the 2010 census.
Steep Falls is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Standish in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 1,139 at the 2010 census.
 It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The town is part of Maine School Administrative District #6, which includes Bonny Eagle Middle and High Schools.
Maine School Administrative District 9 (MSAD 9) is a regional school district in Franklin County, Maine.
 It serves children in grades K-12 with one high school (Mount Blue High School), one middle school and four elementary schools from Wilton, Maine; Farmington, Maine; Weld, Maine; Temple, Maine; Chesterville, Maine; New Vineyard, Maine; Industry, Maine; New Sharon, Maine; Starks, Maine; and Vienna, Maine.
 MSAD 9 recently become RSU 9.
Ashland District School is located in Ashland, Maine, United States.
 It is part of Maine School Administrative District 32, or MSAD 32, which serves Ashland, Garfield Plantation, Masardis, Oxbow, Portage Lake, and Sheridan, Maine.
 There is a student population of approximately 320 from school grades Pre-K–12, with fifty-six faculty members as well as administrators, a counselor and three support personnel.
 The school had achieved accredited status with the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
Mount View High School is a public high school located in Thorndike, Maine, United States.
 The school is a part of Maine School Administrative District 3, and serves students from the towns of Brooks, Freedom, Jackson, Knox, Liberty, Monroe, Montville, Thorndike, Troy, Unity and Waldo.
Maine School Administrative District 68 (often known as MSAD68) consists of two public schools in Dover-Foxcroft, Maine.
 The district serves the towns of Dover-Foxcroft, Monson, Sebec, Charleston, and smaller communities.
 Students are often bussed in from these outlying towns.
 It is the largest of four school districts in Piscataquis County.
 Dover-Foxcroft has since become a hub for MSAD 68, as Monson was the final town outside Dover-Foxcroft to have a school in the district until the end of the 2008–2009 school year, when Monson Elementary was closed due to declining enrollment.
 The building that once housed Monson Elementary has now become the Monson Center.
Maine School Administrative District 27 is the northernmost school district in the U.S. State of Maine.
 It includes M.S.AD 10, which encompassed the town of Allagash, Maine until the mid-1990s.
 MSAD 27 is based in Fort Kent, Maine.
The Maine School Administrative District 15 is a public school district that operates three elementary schools (K–2 and 3–4), one middle school (5–8) and one high school (9–12) in Cumberland County in the U.S. state of Maine.
 The school system serves the towns of Gray, Maine and New Gloucester, Maine.
 The school system is run by a school board and superintendent system.
Maine School Administrative District 3 (MSAD 3) is an operating school district within Maine, covering the towns of Brooks, Freedom, Jackson, Knox, Liberty, Monroe, Montville, Thorndike, Troy, Unity.
 MSAU District 3 students attend Mount View High School in Thorndike.
Maine School Administrative District 46 (MSAD 46) is a school district that serves the towns of Dexter, Exeter, Ripley and Garland, Maine.
 It is located in Penobscot County which is also known as the "Maine Highlands".
 There are a total of six schools in the district: Garland Elementary, Exeter Elementary, Dexter Primary School, Dexter Middle School, Dexter Regional High School, and Tri-County Technical Center.
 Approximately 1,100 students from the area are enrolled.
