Don Neilson is a Canadian country music artist.
 Neilson recorded three studio albums for Epic Records.
 He charted twelve singles on the Canadian country music charts, of which the highest was the No. 9-peaking "You're My Hometown" in 1993.
 Neilson was nominated for Best Country Male Vocalist at the Juno Awards in 1993 and 1996.
Tammy Wynette Graham (born February 7, 1968) is an American country music artist.
 Active as a singer and self-taught pianist since childhood, she first gained attention in her hometown before moving to Las Vegas and subsequently to Nashville, where she was signed to a recording contract with a division of Arista Nashville in 1997, releasing a studio album and charting three singles on the "Billboard" country music charts that year, including the No. 37-peaking "A Dozen Red Roses".
Deep South is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Josh Turner.
 It was released on March 10, 2017, through MCA Nashville.
 The album's lead single, "Lay Low", was released to radio on September 15, 2014, and reached number 20 on the Country Airplay chart.
 The second single, "Hometown Girl", was released to radio on May 31, 2016.
 The single peaked at No. 2 on "Billboard"' s Country Airplay Chart and No. 1 on Mediabase, making it Turner's fifth No. 1 single.
 The third single, "All About You" was released to radio on May 15, 2017.
 It is Turner's first release since 2012's "Punching Bag".
Don't Cheat in Our Hometown is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was released in 1983 via Epic Records.
 The album peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
 It features guitar work from Albert Lee on five of the album's ten tracks and Dolly Parton harmonizes vocals on "A Vision Of Mother".
Hometown Girl is the debut album from American country music artist Mary Chapin Carpenter.
 It was released on July 30, 1987 (see 1987 in country music) on Columbia Records.
 The album did not produce any chart singles.
 It was produced by John Jennings, except for the track "Come On Home", which was produced by Steve Buckingham.
"Damage" is a song by American hip hop artist Pharoahe Monch, released as the lead single from his fourth studio album, "P.T.S.D. (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder)".
 Prior to its release date, Pharoahe Monch's independent label, W.A.R. Media, published a visual trailer to YouTube on September 22, 2012.
 The song was officially made available for purchase worldwide on September 27, 2012, on the iTunes Music Store by W.A.R. Media in conjunction with Duck Down Music Inc..
 The Lee Stone-produced song is the final piece to Pharoahe's "bullet" trilogy in which he anthropomorphizes a slug fired with the intent to annihilate, and tackles the issue of gun violence.
 The song and its provide a chilling reminder that bullets have no name.
Desire is the second solo album from hip hop artist Pharoahe Monch, released on June 26, 2007.
 The album comes eight years after the rapper's critically acclaimed solo debut, "Internal Affairs", which followed the break-up of Monch's former group Organized Konfusion.
 After a short stint on Geffen Records, a number of labels began a bidding war for the rapper, including Eminem's Shady Records, Denaun Porter's Runyon Ave. Records, Bad Boy Records and Sony Records.
 In early 2006, it was announced that Pharoahe had signed a deal with Steve Rifkind's Street Records Corporation for the release of his second album.
 The first song released from the album was "Let's Go", produced by Black Milk.
 "Let's Go" was featured as the B-Side on the album's first proper single, "Push", released in September 2006.
 A music video for "Push" was also released in late September 2006, and has received play on MTV Base.
 The video is set in the New York City blackout of 1977.
 A ten-minute internet-only video for the track "When the Gun Draws" was released exclusively to AllHipHop.com on January 3, 2007.
 "Desire" features production from Monch, longtime collaborator Lee Stone, The Alchemist, Denaun Porter, Black Milk and Sean C. Album guests include Erykah Badu and Denaun Porter.
 The single Desire is featured in the video game Madden 08.
Marcus Vialva, better known by his stage name Shabaam Sahdeeq, is an alternative hip hop artist from Brooklyn, New York.
 He first reached fame with Rawkus Records and was featured alongside artists including Busta Rhymes, Redman, Method Man, Kool G Rap, Common, Mos Def and Eminem.
 Shabaam Sahdeeq is notable for his work on the "Soundbombing" and "Lyricist Lounge" series in the late 1990s and the early 2000s.
 In 1998, Sahdeeq collaborated with DJ Spinna, Mr. Complex and Apani B to form the hip-hop collective Polyrhythm Addicts, a supergroup renowned for its pivotal role in the explosion of late 90's indie hip-hop.
 The single "Not Your Ordinary: gained a positive critical and commercial reception, which paved the way for their first album, "Rhyme Related", released in 1999, and widely regarded as a hip-hop classic.
 After this success, the group disbanded to focus on their individual careers.
 Sahdeeq's distinct voice and unique delivery catapulted him to mainstream stardom on the "Simon Says" Remix alongside label mate Pharoahe Monch.
 He is currently releasing music independently.
 Shabaam Sahdeeq's recent work has been receiving rave reviews in some of the biggest hip-hop publications.
"Don't Cheat in Our Hometown" is a song written by Ray Pennington and Roy E. Marcum, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.
 It was released in November 1983 as the first single and title track from the album "Don't Cheat in Our Hometown".
 The song was Ricky Skaggs' sixth number one country hit.
 The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of twelve weeks on the country chart.
W.A.R. (We Are Renegades) is the third studio album of American hip hop artist Pharoahe Monch released on March 22, 2011 under Duck Down Records.
 Producers include Lion's Share Music Group, Exile, Marco Polo, M-Phazes, Mike Loe, Fatin "10" Horton, Diamond D, Samiyam, and Fyre Dept.'s Adam Deitch and Eric Krasno, while vocal features are contributed by Idris Elba, Immortal Technique, Vernon Reid of Living Colour, Showtyme, Styles P of The LOX, Phonte (formerly of Little Brother), Mela Machinko, Mr. Porter, Jean Grae, Royce da 5'9", Citizen Cope and Jill Scott.
 Scratches are provided by DJ Boogie Blind of The X-Ecutioners.
