The Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute (MWPAI) is a regional fine arts center founded in 1919 and located in Utica, New York.
 The institute has three program divisions:
The Wertheim Performing Arts Center (also known by the abbreviation WPAC, full name The Herbert and Nicole Wertheim Performing Arts Center) is a performing arts center that opened in 1996.
 Situated in the downtown Miami campus of Florida International University (FIU), it is named after Dr. Herbert Wertheim, an inventor, engineer, scientist, educator, clinician, entrepreneur, philanthropist and community leader, founder and president of Brain Power Incorporated and his wife Nicole Wertheim.
 Both were heavily involved in development of the university.
The Fine Arts Center of Greenville, SC (The "FAC") was established in August 1974 as the first specialized arts school in the state of South Carolina.
 Classes are available at the Center for students to study theatre, music, visual arts, dance, creative writing, and film and video production.
 The Fine Arts Center provides arts instruction to artistically talented students who desire an intense pre-professional program of study.
 Students spend a minimum of 110 minutes in either the morning or afternoon five days a week at the Fine Arts Center and spend the remainder of their time on academic work at an area high school.
 Around 300 students attend the Fine Arts Center each year, and more than 90% of graduates go on to higher education.
 The Fine Arts Center has recently moved from its former location at 1613 W. Washington St. to its new facility at 102 Pine Knoll Dr.
Disco Ruined My Life, also known as DRML, is a fashion label created by Maurice Uzzan, award winning designer from Graniph Designs  based in Rome, Italy.
 DRML is a fashion label that showcases "high fashion" icons such as Comme des Garçons, Hermès, Givenchy, Yves Saint Laurent and Alexander McQueen with ironic symbols.
 Many of the designs consist of the original logo, however, changed to give a different meaning while still recognizable.
Ximena Caminos is Chair of Faena Art, Executive Creative Director and partner in Faena Group, and Chief Curator and Executive Director of the Faena Arts Center in Buenos Aires since 2004.
 Caminos leads the Faena Prize for the Arts (see: Faena Arts Center), one of the largest art prizes in Latin America.
 Caminos is the Executive Director of Faena Forum, "a new kind of multidisciplinary center in a flexible building that can house dance, theater, political debates, lectures and a wide range of other cultural happenings," opened in Miami Beach in 2016 and designed by Rem Koolhaas
Appel Farm Arts and Music Center, located near Elmer, New Jersey, United States, is a multifaceted nonprofit regional arts center founded by musicians and art educators Albert and Clare Rostan Appel.
 It is primarily known for its summer camp which began in 1960.
Faena Art Center is the cultural center of the Faena District Buenos Aires, a residential and cultural community in the Puerto Madero waterfront in Buenos Aires developed by the Faena Group and opened in September 2011.
 Alan Faena founded the center.
 Ximena Caminos is the Executive Director.
The Austin School of Film, also known as the The Austin School of Film @ Motion Media Arts Center, is an art, film and technology institute through non-profit, Motion Media Arts Center and is located on Tillery Street in Austin, Texas.
 The Austin School of Film began its start in 2002 under the non-profit umbrella name of Motion Media Arts Center and by merging of the Austin Cinemaker Co-op (founded 1996) and the Center for Young Cinema (founded 1999).
 The goal of the school is to educate, train, and develop emerging artists of all ages to be active participants in shaping our culture.
 The organization's program spans the entire spectrum of art, film and tech offering a range of classes from filmmaking, coding, web and graphic design, animation, digital media arts production to software training and apple certification.
 They also offer certificate programs such as Digital Video Certificate Program, to help students develop technical skills in production and post-production and complete a series of courses to develop a filmmaking knowledge base.
Alan Faena (Buenos Aires, November 20, 1963) is an Argentine hotelier and real estate developer.
 He has developed properties in Miami Beach, Florida and Buenos Aires, Argentina.
 Faena is the founder and President of the Faena Group.
 He is a member of the Tate International Committee and the New Museum Leaders Council.
 He previously founded Via Vai in 1985, a fashion label, and worked as a fashion designer.
The Montalvo Arts Center is a non-profit center for the arts in Saratoga, California, United States.
 Open to the public, Montalvo comprises a cultural and arts center, a park, hiking trails and the historic Villa Montalvo, an Italian Mediterranean Revival mansion nestled in the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains.
 The mansion and estate were constructed from 1912–14 by California statesman and businessman James Duval Phelan.
 After Phelan's death, the entire estate was donated to California as a park and then a cultural and arts center as it exists today.
 The arts center maintains the estate in partnership with Santa Clara County.
 The mansion is a historic landmark, and in 1978 it was awarded inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places.
