In the Catholic Church, a martyr of charity is someone who dies as a result of a charitable act or of administering Christian charity.
 While a martyr of the faith, which is what is usually meant by the word "martyr" (both in canon law and in lay terms), dies through being persecuted for being a Catholic or for being a Christian, a martyr of charity dies through practicing charity motivated by Christianity.
 This is an unofficial form of martyrdom; when the Pope Paul VI beatified Maximilian Kolbe he gave him that honorary title (in 1982, when Kolbe was canonized by Pope John Paul II that title was still not given official canonical recognition; instead, John Paul II overruled his advisory commission, which had said Kolbe was a Confessor, not a Martyr, ruling that the systematic hatred of the Nazis as a group toward the rest of humanity was in itself a form of hatred of the faith).
 Earlier martyrs of charity who were canonized were recognized as "Confessor of the Faith" (meaning someone who suffered in some recognized way- usually by some form of persecution, ostracization, exile, etc.- for the Catholic faith, but who did not have to be killed for it) rather than martyrs.
King Charles the Martyr, or Charles, King and Martyr, is a title of Charles I, who was King of England, of Scotland, and of Ireland from 1625 until his execution on 30 January 1649.
 The title was used by high church Anglicans who regarded Charles' execution as a martyrdom.
 His feast day in the Anglican calendar is 30 January, the anniversary of his execution in 1649.
 The cult of Charles the Martyr was popular with Tories.
 The observance was one of several "state services" removed in 1859 from the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and the Church of Ireland.
 There remain some churches and parishes dedicated to Charles the Martyr, and his cult is maintained by some Anglo-Catholic societies, including the Society of King Charles the Martyr founded in 1894.
St Edmund, King and Martyr, is an Anglican church in Lombard Street, in the City of London, dedicated to St Edmund the Martyr.
A protomartyr (Koine Greek, "πρότος" "prótos" "first" + "μάρτυρας" "mártyras" "martyr") is the first Christian martyr in a country or among a particular group, such as a religious order.
 Similarly, the phrase the Protomartyr (with no other qualification of country or region) can mean Saint Stephen, the first martyr of the Christian church or Saint Thecla, the first female martyr of the Christian church.
Hoxne manor in Suffolk, England was mentioned in the 1086 Domesday Survey as a seat of the East Anglian bishops, from around that date being the bishops of Norwich, a transition from the bishops of Thetford.
 The Domesday name of Hoxne hundred, annexed to the manor, was "Bishop's Hundred".
 At this point Herbert Losinga took Hoxne as a key location from which to compete with the Abbot of St Edmunds; he rededicated the church at Hoxne to honour Edmund the Martyr, and kept control of the Hoxne manor house, though himself locating elsewhere.
St Edmund's Church, Forest Gate or the Church of St Edmund, King and Martyr, Forest Gate is an Anglo-Catholic church in the Forest Gate area of Newham, east London.
 It is dedicated to Edmund the Martyr.
 It originated in 1895 as the Red Post Lane mission district of All Saints parish.
 It became a parish of its own in 1901, with a permanent church completed in 1932.
 It now forms part of the East Ham Team Parish (also known as the Parish of the Holy Trinity) alongside St Mary Magdalene's Church, St Bartholomew's Church and St Alban's Church.
Hormizd, the Persian Martyr is a Catholic saint of the fifth century (c. 420).
 Theodoret, in his "Historia Ecclesiastica" presents the history of the life and the martyrdom of Hormizd, the Persian (c. 420).
 The 1583 version of the Roman Martyrology included the name of St. Hormizd, the martyr, fixing his feast on the 8th of August.
 Since then he is revered as a saint in the Catholic Church.
 An English version of the Roman Martyrology was published in 1907, entering the name of the saint as "In Persia, St. Hormisdas, a martyr," under 8 August.
 Whether, the Christians of St. Thomas accepted it or not, the Synod of Diamper strategically substituted the Rabban Hormizd with the name of Hormizd, the martyr in 1599 in order to assure that the Christians "are saved" from every Nestorian influences.
 However, as a turn of history, Rabban Hormizd himself is presently a saint of the Chaldean Catholic Church.
St Edmund's Church (in full, The Church of St Edmund King and Martyr) is the Roman Catholic parish church of Godalming, a town in the English county of Surrey.
 It was built in 1906 to the design of Frederick Walters and is a Grade II listed building.
 The church stands on a "dramatic hillside site" on the corner of Croft Road just off Flambard Way close to the centre of the town.
St Edmund's Church is located in Crickhowell, in southeastern Powys, Wales.
 Built in the early 14th century, the church is dedicated to Saint Edmund the king and martyr, by which name the parish was anciently called, and even as late as 1576 in a will in the register office at Brecon, it is termed the parish of Saint Edmund.
 It is a Grade II* listed building.
Turku Orthodox Church or the Church of the Holy Martyr Empress Alexandra (Finnish: "Turun ortodoksinen kirkko" ; Russian: Церковь в честь святой мученицы царицы Александры , "Cerkov v čest' svjatoj mučenicy cariny Aleksandry"; Swedish: "Åbo ortodoxa kyrka" ) is the main church of the Turku orthodox parish located on the northeast corner of Turku Market Square in Turku, Finland.
 The church was built in under plans drafted by architect Carl Ludvig Engel and was ordered by Nicholas I of Russia on 5 January 1838.
 Construction, which began in 1839, cost 67,886 rubles and was completed in 1845.
 The church was consecrated on 2 September 1845.
 The church was dedicated to Alexandra, the spouse of Diocletian who had publicly became Christianised and suffered a martyr’s death on 23 April 303.
 Making her the patron saint may have been because of Nicholas I’s own wife’s name Aleksandra Feodorovna.
