The Stinky Puffs were an early 90's rock band started by then seven-year-old Simon Fair Timony, then-stepson of Jad Fair, and by Cody Linn Ranaldo, son of Sonic Youth guitarist Lee Ranaldo.
 After a 7" single an LP followed in 1995 titled "A Little Tiny Smelly Bit of...the Stinky Puffs" and an EP in 1996 titled "Songs and Advice for Kids Who Have Been Left Behind".
Between the Times and the Tides is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock musician Lee Ranaldo, released on March 20, 2012 on Matador Records.
 His first release on Matador Records and since Sonic Youth's indefinite hiatus, the album features a more straightforward songwriting approach to his prior material and includes guest musicians such as Nels Cline, John Medeski and Leah Singer.
 The album was originally intended to be a minimalist acoustic album but its sound was developed by Ranaldo during its recording at Echo Canyon West in Hoboken, New Jersey during a seven-month period in early 2011.
Sörskogen was a Swedish progressive rock project Mikael Åkerfeldt of Opeth and Dan Swanö started for fun.
 Both musicians are known for their wide musical interests.
 The project was supposedly named after a small community near the Stockholm suburb Huddinge where Mikael practiced with his first band Eruption in the late 1980s.
 At the Opeth concert on December 18, 2008, Mikael Åkerfeldt claimed to have played soccer for the Sörskogen IF soccer club.
 Sörskogen is heavily influenced by 1970s prog rock bands, Camel to name but one.
 Not much is known about the project, except a few references made by Mikael in interviews.
The Roundhouse Tapes is a live double album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth.
 The CD was recorded on November 9, 2006, and was released on November 5, 2007, in Europe, and on November 20, 2007, in the rest of the world.
 A two disc DVD version was released on November 10, 2008, and includes exclusive menu music written by Mikael Åkerfeldt and Per Wiberg.
 The title is a play on the name of Iron Maiden's first release "The Soundhouse Tapes", as well as the venue where the record was recorded.
 Åkerfeldt said, "The Roundhouse concert will always be a very memorable gig for us for many reasons, but most importantly it caught the band at the peak of the "Ghost Reveries" tour".
Scriptures of the Golden Eternity is a solo album by guitarist Lee Ranaldo, who also performs in rock band Sonic Youth.
 It was released on vinyl by the Father Yod label, and later reissued on CD by the Drunken Fish label.
 The cover design is by visual artist Savage Pencil.
 The album consists of three untitled tracks featuring a solo Ranaldo performing guitar, tape loops, and occasional vocal.
 The first was recorded on 18 July 1988, and the remaining two were recorded on 28 November 1989.
Last Night on Earth is the tenth studio album by the American alternative rock musician Lee Ranaldo, released on October 7, 2013 on Matador Records.
 Recorded over a nine-month period at Echo Canyon West in Hoboken, New Jersey, the album features Ranaldo's backing band The Dust which comprises former Sonic Youth bandmate Steve Shelley, guitarist Alan Licht and bassist Tim Lüntzel.
 In addition to studio recordings, "Last Night on Earth" incorporates field recordings of Ranaldo in Berlin, Germany and Valeggio sul Mincio, Italy.
Clouds is an album by Sonic Youth guitarist/vocalist Lee Ranaldo.
 The album is a reworked recording of the concert performed by Ranaldo & William Hooker at the 1997 edition of the Festival International de Musique Actuelle de Victoriaville.
From Here to Infinity (rendered on the cover and label art as From Here → Infinity) is the first solo album by Sonic Youth guitarist/songwriter Lee Ranaldo.
 The album consists of several compositions performed by Ranaldo with guitar, amplifier feedback, and guitar stompbox effects recorded onto extended tape loops.
Opeth is a Swedish heavy metal band from Stockholm, formed in 1989.
 The group has been through several personnel changes, but lead vocalist, guitarist and songwriter Mikael Åkerfeldt has remained Opeth's primary driving force throughout the years.
 Opeth has consistently incorporated progressive, folk, blues, classical and jazz influences into its usually lengthy compositions, as well as strong influences from death metal, especially in their early works.
 Many songs include acoustic guitar passages and strong dynamic shifts, as well as both death growls and clean vocals.
 Opeth is also well known for their incorporation of Mellotrons in their work.
 Opeth rarely made live appearances supporting their first four albums; but since conducting their first world tour after the 2001 release of "Blackwater Park", they have led several major world tours.
Storm Corrosion was a musical collaboration between Mikael Åkerfeldt of Swedish progressive metal band Opeth and Steven Wilson, an English solo artist and frontman of the progressive rock band Porcupine Tree.
 Åkerfeldt and Wilson began a longstanding musical partnership in 2001 when Wilson produced Opeth's fifth studio album "Blackwater Park".
 The two began writing together for a new project in 2010, releasing their self-titled first studio album on May 8, 2012 through Roadrunner Records.
