Nerdist Industries, LLC is part of the digital division of Legendary Entertainment.
 Nerdist Industries was founded as a sole podcast (The Nerdist Podcast) created by Chris Hardwick but later spread to include a network of podcasts, a premium content YouTube channel, a news division (Nerdist News), and a television version of the original podcast produced by and aired on BBC America.
Course of the Force, founded in 2012, is a partnership between Lucasfilm, Nerdist Industries, Machinima and Octagon (Sports Agency).
 The partnership's primary event is an Olympic-style lightsaber relay along the California coast.
Chloe Frances Dykstra (born September 15, 1988) is an American actress, cosplayer, and model.
 She produces and co-hosts a web series "Just Cos" for the Nerdist Industries' YouTube channel and is a cast member of the SyFy show" Heroes of Cosplay".
 She is also a freelance game journalist for a number of websites.
 She was featured in a "Daily Dot" article for her parody photo essay of Me In My Place pin-up blog photos.
 Dykstra was born in Los Angeles, California, and is the daughter of John Dykstra.
Nerdist News is a Nerdist-branded pop culture newsletter launched in February 2012.
 It was founded and operated by Nerdist Industries' CEO, Peter Levin, and its CCO, Chris Hardwick.
 It is hosted by Jessica Chobot.
Siddharth N. "Bobby" Mehta was former CEO and vice chairman of HSBC North America.
 Mehta served as an Advisor of TransUnion since December 31, 2012.
 Mehta serves as consultant of TransUnion.
 He served the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion from August 2007 to December 31, 2012, and Transunion Financing Corp. until December 31, 2012.
 From May 2007 to July 2007, he served as a consultant to the board of directors at TransUnion.
 He served as the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion until December 31, 2012.
 He served as the chief executive officer of TransUnion LLC.
 He served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of HSBC Finance Corporation from April 2005 to February 2007.
 He served as chief executive officer and president of TransUnion LLC from 2007 to 2012.
 From 1998 to 2007, he held a variety of positions with HSBC Finance Corporation and HSBC North America Holdings, Inc.
 Mehta served as chief executive officer of HSBC North America until February 2007.
 Mehta served as consultant of TransUnion since May 2007 until July 2007.
 Mehta served as group managing director of HSBC Holdings PLC of HSBC Finance Corp. since April 30, 2005, and its unit chief executive officer since March 2005.
 He served as the chief executive of HS BC North America Holdings Inc., of HSBC Finance Corp., from March 2005 to February 15, 2007.
 He served as an executive chairman of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited since April 2005 and served as its chief executive officer from April 2005 to February 15, 2007.
 He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC Bank USA, N.A. until February 2007.
 He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC North America Holdings Inc. since March 2005.
 He served as chairman and chief executive officer of HSBC Financial Corp., Ltd.
 He oversaw HSBC's global credit card services, its North American consumer lending and mortgage services businesses and its first mortgage operation.
 He was also responsible for corporate marketing, strategic planning and corporate development for HSBC North America Holdings Inc. and had responsibility for the strategic management of credit cards throughout the HSBC Group.
 Mehta served as group executive of Credit Card Services, Auto Finance and Canada of Household International Inc., since July 2002.
 He worked at MasterCard’s U.S. region board since March 2000.
 Mehta joined Household International Inc., in 1998.
 He served as senior vice president of The Boston Consulting Group in Los Angeles and co-leader of Boston Consulting Group Financial Services Practice in the United States.
 Mehta served as a director of Global Board of MasterCard Incorporated since March 17, 2005.
 He served as unit chairman of HSBC Holdings PLC and served as its board member since March 2005.
 He served as vice chairman and director of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited., (Formerly Household International Inc.).
 He has been a director of Avant Credit Corporation since December 18, 2014.
 He has been an independent director of The Allstate Corporation since February 19, 2014.
 He serves as a member of the advisory board at Core2 Group, Inc.
 He has been non-executive independent director at Piramal Enterprises Ltd since April 1, 2013.
 He serves on the boards of Datacard, Chicago Public Education Fund, University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, The Economic Club of Chicago, The Field Museum and Myelin Repair Foundation.
 He serves as a director of TransUnion Corp. and TransUnion LLC.
 He served as a director of MasterCard International Inc. (also known as MasterCard Worldwide) (formerly, MasterCard Inc.), since March 17, 2005.
 He served as a director of HSBC Financial Corp.
 Ltd.
 He has been a director of TransUnion since April 2012.
 Mehta serves on the board of international advisors for the Monterey, California, Institute of International Studies and is a member of the Financial Services Roundtable.
 He also serves on the board of advisors for the Myelin Repair Foundation.
 Mehta holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the London School of Economics and Masters of Business Administration from the University of Chicago.
 He stepped down as head of the North American unit after the lender raised its forecast for bad loans in the U.S.
 He is of Indian descent.
The Nerdist Podcast is a weekly interview show "about what it really means to be a nerd" hosted by Chris Hardwick, usually accompanied by Jonah Ray and Matt Mira.
 The audio podcasts are typically an hour in length and include conversations with notable comedians or entertainers, sometimes at their own home.
 The show launched February 8, 2010.
 It serves as the flagship podcast for Nerdist Industries, which was founded in 2012 after the success of "The Nerdist Podcast".
 The show's theme song is "Jetpack Blues, Sunset Hues" by the chiptune band Anamanaguchi.
The Drop-In is an At Will Radio podcast hosted by Will Malnati.
 In each episode, Malnati has a candid conversation with an interesting person in popular culture or leader in entertainment, hospitality and business.
 Guests have included Chris Hardwick (CEO at Nerdist Industries), Sebastian Stan ("Captain America: Civil War"), and Nico Tortorella ("Younger").
Christopher Ryan Hardwick (born November 23, 1971) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor, television host, writer, producer, podcaster, and musician.
 He is the chief executive officer of Nerdist Industries, the digital division of Legendary Entertainment.
 He currently hosts "Talking Dead", an hourly aftershow on AMC, affiliated with the network's zombie drama series "The Walking Dead" and "Fear the Walking Dead" as well as "Talking with Chris Hardwick", a show in which Hardwick interviews prominent pop culture figures; and "The Wall", a plinko-inspired gameshow on NBC.
 He was also the host of "@midnight with Chris Hardwick", a nightly comedy-game show series on Comedy Central until it ended its run on August 4th 2017.
Jessica Chobot (born Jessica Lynn Horn; July 7, 1977) is an American on-camera host and writer.
 She has hosted the IGN shows "IGN Strategize" and "Weekly Wood", which also runs on Xbox Live; she previously worked as presenter of the IGN Daily Fix.
 Since 2013 she is the host of Nerdist News and "Nerdist News Talks Back" for Nerdist Industries.
 In 2014 she launched her own podcast titled "Bizarre States".
Maltin on Movies is a podcast launched in 2014, on Nerdist Industries, following a 2010 to 2014 television-broadcast movie review show on the ReelzChannel hosted by film critic Leonard Maltin.
