Prionomyrmex is an extinct genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae of the family Formicidae.
 It was first described by Gustav Mayr in 1868, after he collected a holotype worker of "P. longiceps" in Baltic amber.
 Three species are currently described, characterised by their long mandibles, slender bodies and large size.
 These ants are known from the Eocene and Late Oligocene, with fossil specimens only found around Europe.
 It is suggested that these ants preferred to live in jungles, with one species assumed to be an arboreal nesting species.
 These ants had a powerful stinger that was used to subdue prey.
 In 2000, it was suggested by Cesare Baroni Urbani that the living species "Nothomyrmecia macrops" and a species he described both belonged to "Prionomyrmex", but this proposal has not been widely accepted by the entomological community.
 Instead, scientists still classify the two genera distinctive from each other, making "Nothomyrmecia" a valid genus.
The New Zealand falcon or kārearea ("Falco novaeseelandiae") is New Zealand's only falcon and the only remaining diurnal bird of prey endemic to New Zealand.
 Other common names for the bird are bush hawk and sparrow hawk.
 It is frequently mistaken for the larger and more common swamp harrier.
 The kārearea is the country’s most threatened bird of prey with only around 3000-5000 breeding pairs remaining.
This list of birds of Wales includes every species of bird that has been recorded in a wild state in Wales.
 Compared to the avifauna of Britain as a whole, Wales has fewer breeding species but these include a number of moorland species such as red grouse and black grouse, large numbers of seabirds (particularly on offshore islands such as Skomer, Grassholm and Bardsey) and good populations of several species typical of Welsh oak woods including redstart, pied flycatcher and wood warbler.
 Among the birds of prey is the red kite which had become extinct in other parts of Britain until being reintroduced recently.
 In winter many wildfowl and waders are found around the coast, attracted by the mild temperatures.
 In spring and autumn a variety of migrant and vagrant birds can be seen, particularly on headlands and islands.
Commerson's dolphin ("Cephalorhynchus commersonii"), also referred to by the common names skunk dolphin, piebald dolphin or panda dolphin, is a small oceanic dolphin of the genus "Cephalorhynchus".
 Commerson's dolphin has two geographically-isolated but locally-common subspecies.
 The principal subspecies, "C.c.commersonii", has sharply-delineated black-and-white patterning and is found around the tip of South America.
 The secondary subspecies, "C.c.kerguelenensis", is larger than "C.c.commersonii", has a less-sharply delineated dark and light grey patterning with a white ventral band, and is found around the Kerguelen Islands in the Indian Ocean.
Ochthera is a genus of flies in the family of Shore flies.
 The genus is distinctive because of the swollen raptorial forelegs.
 The larvae are predaceous on midge larvae while the adults feed on midges and mosquitoes.
 The genus is found around the world with about 37 species.
 The species "Ochthera chalybescens" has been shown to prey on African malaria vectors .
The Indo-Pacific finless porpoise ("Neophocaena phocaenoides "), or finless porpoise, is one of seven porpoise species.
 Most of the population has been found around the Korean peninsula in the Yellow and East China Seas, although a freshwater population is found around Jiuduansha near Shanghai at the mouth of China's Yangtze River.
 Genetic studies indicate that the finless porpoise is the most basal living member of the porpoise family.
The brahminy kite ("Haliastur indus"), also known as the red-backed sea-eagle in Australia, is a medium-sized bird of prey in the family Accipitridae, which also includes many other diurnal raptors, such as eagles, buzzards, and harriers.
 They are found in the Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia, and Australia.
 They are found mainly on the coast and in inland wetlands where they feed on dead fish and other prey.
 Adults have a reddish-brown plumage and a contrasting white head and breast which makes them easy to distinguish from other birds of prey.
The red-lipped batfish or Galapagos batfish ("Ogcocephalus darwini") is a fish of unusual morphology found around the Galapagos Islands and off Peru at depths of 3 to .
 Red-lipped batfish are closely related to rosy-lipped batfish ("Ogcocephalus porrectus"), which are found near Cocos Island off the Pacific coast of Costa Rica.
 This fish is mainly known for its bright red lips.
 Batfish are not good swimmers; they use their highly adapted pectoral fins to "walk" on the ocean floor.
 When the batfish reaches maturity, its dorsal fin becomes a single spine-like projection (thought to function primarily as a lure for prey).
 Like other anglerfish, the red-lipped batfish has a structure on its head known as illicium.
 This structure is employed for attracting prey.
Cornus drummondii, commonly known as the roughleaf dogwood, is a small deciduous tree that is native primarily to the Great Plains and Midwestern regions of the United States.
 It is also found around the Mississippi River.
 It is uncommon in the wild, and is mostly found around forest borders.
 The roughleaf dogwood is used as a buffer strip around parking lots, in the median of highways and near the decks and patios of homes.
 It can grow to a height of 15 to 25 feet (4.6 - 7.6 m) with a spread of 10 to 15 feet (3.1 - 4.6 m).
 The roughleaf dogwood flowers during the summer months.
 It produces off-white four-petaled open flowers that are followed by small white fruits that ripen from August to October.
 These dogwoods can form a dense thicket that is used as a hedge, border or cover for wildlife.
 At least forty species of birds are known to feed on the fruits of the roughleaf dogwood.
The Sind sparrow ("Passer pyrrhonotus") is a passerine bird of the sparrow family Passeridae, found around the Indus valley region in South Asia.
 It is also known as the jungle, Sind jungle, or rufous-backed sparrow.
 Very similar to the related house sparrow, it is smaller and has distinguishing plumage features.
 As in the house sparrow, the male has brighter plumage than female and young birds, including black markings and a grey crown.
 Distinctively, the male has a chestnut stripe running down its head behind the eye, and the female has a darker head than other sparrow species do.
 Its main vocalisations are soft chirping calls that are extended into longer songs with other sounds interspersed by breeding males.
 Historically, this species was thought to be very closely related to the house sparrow, but its closest evolutionary affinities may lie elsewhere.
 Discovered around 1840, this species went undetected for several decades after its discovery.
