The 8th Annual Gotham Independent Film Awards were held on September 23, 1998 and were hosted by Stanley Tucci.
 At the ceremony, Sidney Lumet was honoured with a Career Tribute, Frances McDormand received the Actor Award, Richard LaGravenese was given the Writer Award and David V. Picker was awarded the Producer/Industry Executive Award.
Jean Aurenche (1903–1992) was a French screenwriter.
 During his career, he wrote 80 films for directors such as René Clément, Bertrand Tavernier, Marcel Carné, Jean Delannoy, Sidney Lumet and Claude Autant Lara.
 He is often associated with the screenwriter Pierre Bost, with whom he had a fertile partnership from 1940 to 1975.
A Stranger Among Us is a 1992 film directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Melanie Griffith.
 It tells the story of an undercover police officer's experiences in a Hasidic community.
 It was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 It is often cited as one of Lumet's two failures of the 1990s, the other being "Guilty as Sin" (1993).
 Despite the poor reviews suffered by both these films, Lumet received the 1993 D. W. Griffith Award of the Directors Guild of America.
 The film was also the first credited role for actor James Gandolfini.
American actor and director Morgan Freeman has had a prolific career on film, television and on the stage.
 His film debut was as an uncredited character in the Sidney Lumet–directed drama "The Pawnbroker" in 1964.
 Freeman also made his stage debut in the same year by appearing in the musical "Hello, Dolly!
" He followed this with further stage appearances in "The Niggerlovers" (1967), "The Dozens" (1969), "Exhibition" (1969), and the musical "Purlie" (1970–71).
 He played various characters on the children's television series "The Electric Company" (1971–77).
 Freeman subsequently appeared in the films "Teachers" in 1984, and "Marie" in 1985 before making his breakthrough with 1987's "Street Smart".
 His role earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 Two years later he appeared in war film "Glory" (1989), and starred as Hoke Coleburn in the comedy-drama "Driving Miss Daisy" (1989).
 Freeman won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in the latter and also earned a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
Night Falls on Manhattan is a 1997 American crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, set and filmed on location in New York City.
 Its screenplay is by Lumet, based on a novel by Robert Daley entitled "Tainted Evidence".
Strip Search is a drama film made for the HBO network, first aired on April 27, 2004.
 The film explores the status of individual liberties in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks and the approval of the USA PATRIOT Act.
 The film was directed by Sidney Lumet and written by "Oz" creator Tom Fontana.
 It stars Glenn Close, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Ken Leung, Bruno Lastra and Dean Winters.
 The film was first screened at the Monaco Film Premiere with Lumet in person presenting it, in the presence of Fontana.
Jake Lumet Cannavale (born May 1, 1995) is an American musician and theatre and television actor.
 He appeared on Broadway in 2015 in the comedy "Fish in the Dark" by Larry David.
 He has also appeared on television's "Nurse Jackie".
 He is the son of actor Bobby Cannavale and screenwriter Jenny Lumet.
 He is the grandson of film director Sidney Lumet and a great-grandson of singer/actress Lena Horne.
...One Third of a Nation... is a 1939 American drama film directed by Dudley Murphy and written by Oliver H.P. Garrett and Dudley Murphy.
 The film stars Sylvia Sidney, Leif Erickson, Myron McCormick, Hiram Sherman, the future director Sidney Lumet and Muriel Hutchison.
 The film was released on February 10, 1939, by Paramount Pictures.
King: A Filmed Record... Montgomery To Memphis is a 1970 American documentary film biography of Martin Luther King Jr. and his creation and leadership of the nonviolent campaign for civil rights and social and economic justice in the Civil Rights Movement.
 It uses only original newsreel and other primary material, unvarnished and unretouched, and covers the period from the Montgomery bus boycott of 1955 and 1956 through his assassination in 1968.
 The original newsreel segments are framed by celebrity narrators Harry Belafonte, Ruby Dee, Ben Gazzara, Charlton Heston, James Earl Jones, Burt Lancaster, Paul Newman, Anthony Quinn, Clarence Williams III, and Joanne Woodward.
 The movie was produced by Ely Landau and directed by Sidney Lumet in what was the only documentary he would direct in his whole film career.
 Richard J. Kaplan was the associate producer in charge of production.
Critical Care is a 1997 film directed by Sidney Lumet.
 The film is a satire about American medicine.
 The screenplay by Steven Schwartz is based on the novel by Richard Dooling and stars James Spader, Kyra Sedgwick, Anne Bancroft, Helen Mirren, Jeffrey Wright, and Albert Brooks.
 Rick Baker provided special makeup effects.
 The film is about a doctor who finds himself involved in a fight with two half sisters over the care of their ailing father.
