The 57th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards was held on 29 September 2005.
 The National Television Academy announced the winners at Bristol-Myers Squibb in Princeton, New Jersey.
The 60th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards was held on January 8, 2009 at the 2009 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
 CEO of Verizon Communications, Ivan Seidenberg received the Lifetime Achievement Award
A Primetime Emmy Engineering Award is an award given most years by the Television Academy, also known as the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (ATAS).
 It is a Primetime Emmy Award given specifically for Outstanding Achievement in Engineering Development.
 According to the Television Academy, the Primetime Emmy Engineering Award (or Engineering Emmy) is presented to an individual, company or organization for engineering developments so significant an improvement on existing methods or so innovative in nature that they materially affect the transmission, recording or reception of television.
 The award, which is Television's highest engineering honor, is determined by a jury of highly qualified, experienced engineers in the Television industry.
The Philo T. Farnsworth Award is one of the Primetime Engineering Emmy Awards given to honor companies and organizations that have significantly affected the state of television and broadcast engineering over a long period of time.
 The award is given by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (ATAS) at an Engineering Awards ceremony held separately from the main Primetime Emmy award ceremony.
 The award originated in 2003 with the recognition of Panavision for its contributions to the film and television industries.
 It has not been awarded in every year since its inception.
CamCutter is a digital video camera technology developed by Ikegami and Avid Technology for recording broadcast quality video to hard disk, dubbed a Digital Disk Recorder.
 First revealed in 1995 at the National Association of Broadcasters convention in Las Vegas, it used a camera mechanism by Ikegami and a special FieldPack unit instead of a tape transport unit.
 The CamCutter outpaced subsequent tapeless camcorders introduced by Sony and Panasonic by years.
 In October 2010, the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (NATAS) announced the recipients of the 62nd Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy® Awards.
 Ikegami and Avid Technology were announced as a winner for the Development and Production of Portable Tapeless Acquisition.
 Today's CamCutter technology can be found in Ikegami's Editcam products.
The 59th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards was held on January 8, 2008 at the 2008 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
Ami Miron is an American Israeli entrepreneur and technology developer specializing in consumer electronics, the Internet, and television.
 He developed and patented the first Picture In Picture (PIP) for Philips Electronics.
 Miron also worked to solve the problem of ghost images on television and led the development of the first high-definition television (HDTV) system in the U.S.
 He received two Technology and Engineering Emmy Awards for these last two innovations.
The 65th Annual Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony was held on September 15, 2013, at the Nokia Theatre in Downtown Los Angeles.
 The ceremony was held in conjunction with the annual Primetime Emmy Awards and is presented in recognition of technical and other similar achievements in American television programming, including guest acting roles.
 The ceremony was highlighted by 8 Emmy wins for the HBO film "Behind the Candelabra", as well as Bob Newhart's win for a guest appearance on "The Big Bang Theory", his first Emmy win in a TV career spanning over 5 decades.
 The ceremony was taped to air on Saturday, September 21, 2013, on FXX, one night before the live 65th Primetime Emmy Awards telecast on CBS.
The 58th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards was held on January 8, 2007.
 The National Television Academy announced the winners at The Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas.
 DIRECTV's Eddy Hartenstein received the Lifetime Achievement Award for his role in the company's becoming a global provider of digital television.
A Technology and Engineering Emmy Award is given by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (NATAS) for outstanding achievement in technical or engineering development.
 An award can be presented to an individual, a company, or to a scientific or technical organization for developments and/or standardization involved in engineering technologies which either represent so extensive an improvement on existing methods or are so innovative in nature that they materially have affected the transmission, recording, or reception of television.
 The award is determined by a special panel composed of highly qualified, experienced engineers in the television industry.
