Larry Sparks (born September 25, 1947) is an American Bluegrass singer and guitarist.
 He was the winner of the 2004 and 2005 International Bluegrass Music Association Male Vocalist of the Year Award.
 2005, won IBMA for Album of the Year and Recorded Event of the Year for his album "40," celebrating his 40th year(2003) in bluegrass music.
Everything and More is the seventh studio album by the Canadian singer Michelle Wright.
 It was released on July 4, 2006, on Icon Records.
 The album includes the singles "Everything and More", "Love Me Anyway" and "I've Forgotten You", which had been a single for the American bluegrass singer Rhonda Vincent. "
My Give a Damn's Busted" was a Number One country hit in 2005 for Jo Dee Messina, and "Dance in the Boat" was a single for The Kinleys in 1998 from their album "Just Between You and Me".
Alice Gerrard (born July 8, 1934) is an American bluegrass singer, banjoist, and guitar player.
 She performed in a duo with Hazel Dickens and as part of The Back Creek Buddies with Matokie Slaughter.
Rhonda Lea Vincent (born July 13, 1962) is an American bluegrass singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.
 In 2000, "The Wall Street Journal" proclaimed Vincent "the new Queen of Bluegrass".
Hazel Jane Dickens (June 1, 1935 – April 22, 2011) was an American bluegrass singer, songwriter, double bassist and guitarist.
 Her music was characterized not only by her high, lonesome singing style, but also by her provocative pro-union, feminist songs.
 Cultural blogger John Pietaro noted that "Dickens didn’t just sing the anthems of labor, she lived them and her place on many a picket line, staring down gunfire and goon squads, embedded her into the cause."
 "The New York Times" extolled her as "a clarion-voiced advocate for coal miners and working people and a pioneer among women in bluegrass music."
 With Alice Gerrard, Dickens was one of the first women to record a bluegrass album.
"Hey Brother" is a dance song by Swedish DJ and producer Avicii from his debut studio album, "True" (2013).
 American bluegrass singer Dan Tyminski provides vocals for the track.
 It was written by Avicii, Ash Pournouri, Salem Al Fakir, Vincent Pontare and Veronica Maggio.
 "Hey Brother" sees Avicii giving his brother advice.
The New Nashville Cats is a country album by Mark O'Connor, in conjunction with a variety of other musical artists.
 O'Connor selected a group of over fifty Nashville musicians, many of who had worked with him as session musicians.
 The album was intended to "showcase the instrumental side of the Nashville recording scene" (O'Connor's liner notes).
 It was awarded two Grammys: Best Country Instrumental Performance for O'Connor, and Best Country Collaboration with Vocals for Vince Gill, Ricky Skaggs, and Steve Wariner's performance in "Restless".
 This song also charted at #25 on Hot Country Songs in 1991.
Malcolm B. Wiseman (born May 23, 1925), better known as Mac Wiseman, is an American bluegrass singer, nicknamed The Voice with a Heart.
 The bearded singer is one of the iconic figures of bluegrass.
"The Ballad of Sally Anne" is a song with lyrics written by Alice Randall to a traditional tune which is unusual among country songs for the topic, a race lynching.
 The song was recorded by Mark O'Connor's band project New Nashville Cats.
"Restless" is a 1968 song written by Carl Perkins and released as a single on Columbia Records.
 The song was recorded on September 27, 1968, and released as a 45 single, 4-44723, on Columbia, in December, 1968, backed with "11-43", reaching no. 20 on the "Billboard" country chart.
 The recording, produced by Bill Denny and Larry Butler, also appeared on the May, 1969 Columbia LP "Carl Perkins' Greatest Hits".
 The song also appeared on the 1992 Carl Perkins compilation album "Restless: The Columbia Recordings".
 The song became a major hit again in 1991 in a new all-star recording by Mark O'Connor and The New Nashville Cats.
 Carl Perkins performed the song on the Kraft Music Hall episode hosted by Johnny Cash on April 16, 1969.
