The RBR-120 mm M90 (nicknamed "Стршљен" or "Stršljen", meaning "Hornet") is a light-weight, single-use, unguided anti-tank rocket launcher.
 The launcher is produced by Eurokompozit of Prilep, Macedonia, while the anti-tank rocket is produced by Sloboda Čačak, Serbia.
 It is intended for use against tanks and other armored vehicles in addition to fortifications and infantry.
Clarence Nichols Hickman (August 16, 1889 – May 7, 1981) was a physicist who worked on rockets with Robert Goddard.
 He is known for developing the bazooka man-portable recoilless antitank rocket launcher weapon, and the American Piano Company Model B player piano.
 He is also known as the "Father of Scientific Archery".
The Carl Gustaf (] ; also known as, Gustaf Bazooka and M2CG) is an 84 mm man-portable reusable anti-tank recoilless rifle produced by Saab Bofors Dynamics (formerly Bofors Anti-Armour AB) in Sweden.
 Although most rounds fired by the Carl Gustaf work on the classic recoilless principle, modern rounds sometimes add a post-firing booster that technically make it a rocket launcher.
The M18 recoilless rifle was a 57 mm shoulder fired anti-tank recoilless rifle used by the U.S. Army in World War II and the Korean War.
 Recoilless rifles are capable of firing artillery-type shells at reduced velocities comparable to those of standard cannon, but with greater accuracy than anti-tank weapons that used unguided rockets, and almost entirely without recoil.
 The M18 was a breech-loaded, single-shot, man-portable, crew-served weapon.
 It could be used in both anti-tank and anti-personnel roles.
 The weapon could be both shoulder fired or fired from a prone position.
 The T3 front grip doubled as an adjustable monopod and the two-piece padded T3 shoulder cradle could swing down and to the rear as a bipod for the gunner.
 The most stable firing position was from the tripod developed for the water-cooled Browning M1917 machine gun.
Bazooka is the common name for a man-portable recoilless anti-tank rocket launcher weapon, widely fielded by the United States Army.
 Also referred to as the "Stovepipe", the innovative bazooka was among the first generation of rocket-propelled anti-tank weapons used in infantry combat.
 Featuring a solid-propellant rocket for propulsion, it allowed for high-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) warheads to be delivered against armored vehicles, machine gun nests, and fortified bunkers at ranges beyond that of a standard thrown grenade or mine.
 The universally-applied nickname arose from the M1 variant's vague resemblance to the musical instrument called a "bazooka" invented and popularized by 1930s U.S. comedian Bob Burns.
The RPG-26 "Aglen" is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the Soviet Union.
 It fires a single-stage rocket with jack-knife fins, which unfold after launch.
 The rocket carries a 72.5 millimeter diameter high explosive anti-tank single shaped charge warhead capable of penetrating 440 millimeters of armour, one meter of reinforced concrete or one and a half meters of brickwork.
 It has a maximum effective range of around 250 meters.
Alcotán-100 is a recoilless, one-man portable, single-use anti-tank rocket launcher used by infantry, manufactured by Instalaza.
 It is in service with the Spanish Military, where it is gradually replacing the C-90.
The Soviet RPG-22 "Netto" is a one-shot disposable anti-tank rocket launcher first deployed in 1985, based on the RPG-18 rocket launcher, but firing a larger 72.5 mm fin stabilised projectile.
 The weapon fires an unguided projectile, can be prepared to fire in around 10 seconds, and can penetrate 400 mm of armour, 1.2 metres of brick or 1 metre of reinforced concrete.
The LRAC F1, officially called "Lance-Roquettes AntiChar de 89 mm modèle F1" (89 mm anti-tank rocket launcher model F1) is a French reusable rocket launcher developed by Luchaire Défense SA, and manufactured in cooperation with Manufacture Nationale d'Armes de Saint-Étienne and was in the 1970s marketed by Hotchkiss-Brandt.
 It replaced the 89 mm M20A1 Super Bazooka in French Army service.
 Through the use of fiberglass and plastic in the launcher it is over 2 kg lighter when loaded than the M20A1 while having a greater effective range.
 The LRAC FI is sometimes referred to as the STRIM 89mm antitank rocket launcher from the abbreviations for the private firm "Société technique de recherches en industries mécaniques" that was contracted in 1964 by the French Ministry of Defence, to research a replacement for the M20A1 Super Bazooka.
 In the early 1970s, two antitank weapons were placed in production for evaluation by the French Army to replace the M20A1: the 80mm ACL-APX, a recoilless cannon with a rocket assist projectile, and the 89mm LRAC F1 STRIM 89mm rocket launcher.
 The STRIM design was chosen as the replacement for the M20A1 based on its higher penetration ability of its antitank ammunition and the much lower over all manufacturing costs compared to the 80mm ACL-APX system.
Technical is a neologism for a light improvised fighting vehicle, typically an open-backed civilian pickup truck or four-wheel drive vehicle mounting a machine gun, anti-aircraft gun, rotary cannon, anti-tank weapon, anti-tank gun, ATGM, mortar, multiple rocket launcher, recoilless rifle or other support weapon, somewhat like a light military gun truck.
