The International Celtic Congress (Breton: "Ar C'hendalc'h Keltiek" , Cornish: An Guntelles Keltek , Manx: "Yn Cohaglym Celtiagh" , Scottish Gaelic: "A' Chòmhdhail Cheilteach" , Irish: "An Chomhdháil Cheilteach" , Welsh: "Y Gyngres Geltaidd" ) is a cultural organisation that seeks to promote the Celtic languages of Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Brittany, Cornwall and the Isle of Man.
 The International Celtic Congress is a non-political charitable organisation and its stated object is to "... perpetuate the culture, ideals, and languages of the Celtic peoples, and to maintain an intellectual contact and close cooperation between the respective Celtic communities."
Celtic studies or Celtology is the academic discipline occupied with the study of any sort of cultural output relating to the Celtic people.
 This ranges from linguistics, literature and art history, archaeology and history, the focus lying on the study of the various Celtic languages, living and extinct.
 The primary areas of focus are the six Celtic languages currently in use: Irish, Scottish Gaelic, Manx, Welsh, Cornish, and Breton.
The Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie is an academic journal of Celtic studies, which was established in 1897 by the German scholars Kuno Meyer and Ludwig Christian Stern.
 It was the first journal devoted exclusively to Celtic languages and literature and the oldest significant journal of Celtic studies still in existence today.
 The emphasis is on (early) Irish language and literature and Continental Celtic languages, but other aspects of Celtic philology and literature (including modern literature) also receive attention.
The Continental Celtic languages are the Celtic languages, now extinct, that were spoken on the continent of Europe, as distinguished from the Insular Celtic languages of the British Isles and Brittany.
 "Continental Celtic" is a geographic, not a linguistic, grouping of the ancient Celtic languages.
 The Continental Celtic languages were spoken by the people known to Roman and Greek writers as "Keltoi", "Celtae", "Galli" and "Galatae".
 These languages were spoken in an arc stretching across from Iberia in the west to the Balkans and Anatolia in the east.
The Journal of Celtic Linguistics is a peer-reviewed annual academic journal established in 1992 with the goal of encouraging and publishing original linguistic research in the Celtic languages.
 The journal is published by the University of Wales Press, but has specialist editors in all six Celtic languages.
 The current editor-in-chief, since volume 16, is Simon Rodway (Aberystwyth University), who replaced Graham Isaac (National University of Ireland, Galway).
Insular Celtic languages are a group of Celtic languages that originated in Britain and Ireland, in contrast to the Continental Celtic languages of mainland Europe and Anatolia.
 All surviving Celtic languages are from the Insular Celtic group, including that which is now spoken in Continental Europe; the Continental Celtic languages are extinct.
 The six Insular Celtic languages of modern times can be divided into:
Celtic art is associated with the peoples known as Celts; those who spoke the Celtic languages in Europe from pre-history through to the modern period, as well as the art of ancient peoples whose language is uncertain, but have cultural and stylistic similarities with speakers of Celtic languages.
The Celtic nations are territories in western Europe where Celtic languages or cultural traits have survived.
 The term "nation" is used in its original sense to mean a people who share a common identity and culture and are identified with a traditional territory.
Alexei Kondratiev (1949–2010) was an American author, linguist, and teacher of Celtic languages, folklore and culture.
 He taught the Irish language and Celtic history at the Irish Arts Center in Manhattan, New York from 1985 until his death on May 28, 2010.
 Nine editions of his book, "The Apple Branch", were published in English and Spanish between 1998 and 2004.
 At various times, he taught all six of the living Celtic languages.
Amazonian languages is the term used to refer to the indigenous languages of "Greater Amazonia."
 This area is significantly larger than the Amazon and extends from the Atlantic coast all the way to the Andes, while its southern border is usually said to be the Paraná.
 The region is inhabited by societies that share many cultural traits but whose languages are characterized by great diversity.
 There are about 330 extant languages in Greater Amazonia, almost half of which have fewer than 500 speakers.
 Meanwhile, only Guajiro has a six-digit number of speakers (about 300,000).
 Of the 330 total languages, about fifty are isolates, while the remaining ones belong to about 25 different families.
 Most of the posited families have few members.
 It is this distribution of many small and historically unrelated speech communities that makes Amazonia one of the most linguistically diverse regions in the world.
 The precise reasons for this unusual diversity have not yet been conclusively determined, but it is noteworthy that Amazonian languages seem to have had fewer than 10,000 native speakers even before the invasion of European colonists wrought havoc on the societies by which they were spoken.
 Despite the large-scale diversity, the long-term contact among many of the languages of Greater Amazonia has created similarities between many neighboring languages that are not genetically related.
 The small tribes can speak English but that would be used as one of their secondary languages
