Ximena Sariñana is the eponymous second studio album released by Mexican singer Ximena Sariñana.
 After the success of "Mediocre", with sales of more than 100,000 copies in Mexico, Warner Music Group producers proposed that Ximena Sariñana record a second album.
 The album contains ten songs in English and one in Spanish, the latter produced by Natalia Lafourcade.
 Sariñana entered the studio in 2009 when she began recording a song for the soundtrack of the second installment of the "Twilight" series, .
Dōitashimashite (どういたしまして , "You're Welcome") is a live album released by artist Omar Rodríguez-López which was recorded in USA over four nights in September 2010.
 It is the second live album to be released by the Omar Rodriguez Lopez Group, with the first being the live BBC studio session "Los Sueños de un Hígado".
 Notably, during the week of these four concerts vocalist Ximena Sariñana was said to be suffering from laryngitis, a cold, and the flu.
Ximena Sariñana Rivera (] ; born October 29, 1985) is a Mexican singer-songwriter and actress.
 In 2009, she received critical acclaim and a Grammy nomination for her debut album, "Mediocre".
Vicente García (born March 30, 1983) is a Dominican singer, songwriter and composer.
 He is the former lead singer of the Dominican alternative rock band Calor Urbano, which he left in 2010 to pursue a solo career.
 Garcia has collaborated in concerts with renowned artists like Juan Luis Guerra, Alejandro Sanz, Cultura Profetica, Juanes, Ximena Sariñana and Maná among others.
The 7th Annual Premios Oye!
 took place at the Foro Monumental in Zacatecas, Zacatecas on November 26, 2008.
 The nominees were announced on September 29 with Vicente Fernández receiving 5 nominations, followed by Julieta Venegas and Juanes with 4 each one, with 3 each one, Amandititita and Ximena Sariñana.
 Miguel Bosé will be awarded by the Academia Nacional de la Música en México for his 31 years or career.
 The voting process is certified by PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Los Sueños de un Hígado (English: The Dreams of a Liver ) is a live album by Omar Rodriguez Lopez Group which was recorded for the BBC on March 11, 2009 at Maida Vale Studios, England.
 The album features Omar Rodríguez-López, Thomas Pridgen, Juan Alderete de la Peña, Marcel Rodriguez-Lopez, Ximena Sariñana and Mark Aanderud and was released digitally via Rodriguez-Lopez Productions on September 27, 2009.
 A limited edition of 1,000 vinyl was released on December 1.
Juan Campodónico (Montevideo, Uruguay, 1971), sometimes working under his stage name Campo, is an Uruguayan musician, producer, composer, creator and former member of El Peyote Asesino, Bajofondo and Campo.
 He produced albums by Jorge Drexler (Frontera, Sea, Eco, 12 Segundos de Oscuridad), Luciano Supervielle, Bajofondo (Tango Club, Mar Dulce, Presente), El Cuarteto de Nos (Raro, Bipolar, Porfiado), La Vela Puerca (El impulso), OMAR, Sordromo, No Te Va Gustar, Santullo and Ximena Sariñana among others.
 He created the Bajofondo project alongside iconic producer and two-time Academy Award winner for Best Original Score Gustavo Santaolalla (Brokeback Mountain and Babel).
 He has been awarded with various Latin Grammy, Premios Gardel and Graffiti awards for his work as a producer, as well as with many golden records.
Vicente García González was a General in the Cuban Ten Years' War (Spanish: Guerra de los Diez Años , also known as the Great War) and later a Cuban President who was assassinated by the Spanish after the war.
 García was born on January 23, 1833 in Las Tunas, and died on May 4, 1886.
Mediocre (] ) is the Grammy Award and Latin Grammy nominated debut album of Mexican singer and actress Ximena Sariñana, released in the United States on  15, 2008 (2008--) .
 "Mediocre" reached #10 on Billboard's Latin Pop Albums, and spawned the hit single "Vidas Paralelas" ("Parallel Lives").
 The album gained additional attention when the iTunes Store featured Sariñana's song "Normal" as the "canción de la semana" — iTunes' free Latino song of the week — during the week of  08, 2008 (2008--) .
The article of incorporation for the New Mexico Wool Manufacturing Company was introduced and passed in the New Mexico Territorial Legislature on January 30, 1861.
 Its founding associates were Ceran St. Vrain, José Guadalupe Gallegos, Oliver P. Hovey, Anastacio Sandoval, Rafael Armijo, José Manuel Gallegos, Hamilton G. Fant, Nazario Gonzales, J. Francisco Chaves; Levi Spiegelberg, A.P. Wilbar, Miguel A. Otero, William W. Griffin; José Leandro Perea (brother of Juan Perea, who was the father of Colonel Francisco Perea); S. J. Spiegelberg, Tomás Cabeza de Baca, Sidney A. Hubbell, Francisco Lopez, William A. Street, Ramon Luna; Miguel E. Pino, who became commander of 2nd New Mexico Volunteer Infantry during the Civil War; Thomas H. Hopkins; Simon Delgado (cousin of Miguel E. Pino) who, with his mother, Doña Maria de la Luy Baca de Delgado, purchased the "Yglesia Castrense" in Santa Fe from Bishop Lamy in exchange for $1,000 and a portion of the site for St. Michael's College (San Miguel College) in Santa Fe; M. Steck, Vicente García, Teodoro Baca, Vicente Romero, José Jaramillo, and Manuel Vigil.
 They claimed lawful use, occupation, and right to construct roads and erect buildings on, any wild lands within the Territory not the property of other individuals or corporations.
 They also claimed lawful use of (but not diversion of or injure others use of) water and the right to construct machinery on any river or stream upon said lands.
 The statement of capital stock was 3,500 shares at $100 each, or $350,000, with the right to increase the number of total shares to 7,500 at a value of $750,000.
