Talaiasi Labalaba BEM (13 July 1942 – 19 July 1972) was a British-Fijian sergeant in the SAS who was involved in the Battle of Mirbat on 19 July 1972.
 Labalaba initially served in the British Army in the Royal Ulster Rifles.
The Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) was a rifle regiment of the British Army, the only regiment of rifles amongst the Scottish regiments of infantry.
 It was formed in 1881 under the Childers Reforms by the amalgamation of the 26th Cameronian Regiment and the 90th Perthshire Light Infantry.
 In 1968, when reductions were required, the regiment chose to be disbanded rather than amalgamated with another regiment, one of only two infantry regiments in the British Army to do so, with the other being the York and Lancaster Regiment.
 It can trace its roots to that of the Cameronians, later the 26th of Foot, who were raised in 1689.
 The 1881 amalgamation coincided with the Cameronian's selection to become the new Scottish Rifles.
The 6th Queen Elizabeth's Own Gurkha Rifles was a rifle regiment of the British Indian Army comprising Gurkha soldiers of Nepalese origin, before being transferred to the British Army following India's independence.
 Originally raised in 1817 as part of the army of the British East India Company, the regiment has been known by a number of names throughout its history.
 Initially the unit did not recruit from the Gurkhas, although after being transferred to the British Indian Army following the Indian Rebellion of 1857, it became a purely Gurkha regiment, in due course with its regimental headquarters at Abbottabad in the North West Frontier Province of British India.
 After 1947 the regiment was one of only four Gurkha regiments to be transferred to the British Army and this continued up until 1994, when it was amalgamated with other Gurkha regiments to form the Royal Gurkha Rifles.
 Over the course of its 177-year history, the regiment was awarded 25 battle honours, although prior to World War I it had only been awarded one and no battle honours were awarded to it after World War II.
The 95th Regiment of Foot (Reid's) was an infantry rifle regiment of the British Army.
The 95th Regiment of Foot (Burton's) was an infantry rifle regiment of the British Army.
The Rifle Brigade (The Prince Consort's Own) was an infantry rifle regiment of the British Army.
 Formed in January 1800 as the "Experimental Corps of Riflemen" to provide sharpshooters, scouts and skirmishers, they were soon renamed the "Rifle Corps".
 In January 1803 they became an established regular regiment and were titled the 95th Regiment of Foot (Rifles).
 In 1816, at the end of the Napoleonic Wars, they were again renamed, this time as the "Rifle Brigade".
The 11th Mechanized Corps was formed from March to September 1932 from the 11th Rifle Division in Leningrad, one of the first two Red Army mechanized corps.
 The corps was commanded by division commander Komkor Kasyan Chaykovsky and its chief of staff was Mikhail Bakshi.
 The 31st Mechanized Brigade was formed from the 32nd Rifle Regiment named for Volodarsky, the 32nd Mechanized Brigade from the 33rd Rifle Regiment named for Voskov, the 33rd Rifle and Machine Gun Brigade from the 31st Rifle Regiment named for Uritsky.
 The 31st Brigade was equipped with the T-26 and the 32nd Brigade was equipped with the BT-2.
 The corps at the time had a total of 220 tanks.
 On 1 January 1933 the 83rd Aviation Group was attached the corps, and was later reformed into the Motor-Mechanized Squadron.
 By March of that year the brigades were based in Tsarskoye Selo, Slutsk, and Stary Peterhof, while the corps headquarters and rear units were still in Leningrad.
 In December, the 32nd Brigade's 1st Tank Battalion was transferred to the 6th Mechanized Brigade in the Special Red Banner Far Eastern Army.
 On 16 January 1934 the corps received the honorific "Leningrad", the 31st Brigade received the honorific "named for Uritsky", the 32nd Brigade the honorific "named for Volodarsky", and the 33rd Brigade the honorific "named for Voskov".
The King's Royal Rifle Corps was an infantry rifle regiment of the British Army that was originally raised in British North America as the Royal American Regiment (also known as the Royal Americans) in the Seven Years' War and for Loyalist service in the American Revolutionary War.
 Later, ranked as the 60th Regiment of Foot, the regiment served for more than 200 years throughout the British Empire.
 In 1958, the regiment joined the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry and the Rifle Brigade in the Green Jackets Brigade and in 1966 the three regiments were formally amalgamated to become the Royal Green Jackets.
 The KRRC became the 2nd Battalion Royal Green Jackets.
 On the disbandment of 1/RGJ in 1992, the RGJ's KRRC battalion was redesignated as 1/RGJ, eventually becoming 2/RIFLES in 2007.
The 39th Arkansas Infantry Regiment or Cocke's Arkansas Infantry Regiment (also known as "Johnson's regiment," "Hawthorn's regiment," "Cocke's regiment," and "Polk's regiment") was an infantry formation in the Confederate States Army during the Civil War, and was successively commanded by Colonels A. W. Johnson, A. T. Hawthorn, J. B. Cocke, and Lieutenant-Colonel C. Polk.
 It was mustered into service on June 17, 1862, at Trenton, Arkansas, remaining active through May 26, 1865.
 When Major-General Sterling Price's staff decided to designate all infantry regiments in the District of Arkansas as "Trans-Mississippi rifle regiments", the 39th Arkansas Infantry Regiment was designated as the 6th Trans-Mississippi Rifle Regiment.
 One other Arkansas regiment was designated as the 39th Arkansas Infantry; that regiment being successively commanded by Colonels Hart, McNeill, and Rogan.
 It was originally designated as the 39th Arkansas, but later redesignated as the 30th Arkansas Infantry Regiment.
 The 39th served in the Trans-Mississippi Theater of the American Civil War and participated in all of the principal engagements in that department before disbanding on May 26, 1865.
The Royal Irish Rifles (became the Royal Ulster Rifles from 1 January 1921) was an infantry rifle regiment of the British Army, first created in 1881 by the amalgamation of the 83rd (County of Dublin) Regiment of Foot and the 86th (Royal County Down) Regiment of Foot.
 The regiment saw service in the Second Boer War, the First World War, the Second World War and the Korean War.
