La de la Mochila Azul ("The blue backpack") is the debut studio album by Mexican recording artist Pedrito Fernández, (Pedro) released in 1978 by Columbia Records and on Epic Records and CBS Records International labels in Mexico, Spain, Ecuador and Peru.
 The album and single 45 were released in the USA and Canada markets in 1980.
La niña de la mochila azul (in English: "The girl with the blue backpack") is a 1979 Mexican motion picture, based on the song La de la Mochila Azul from the album by the same name, performed by Pedrito Fernández.
 This film is categorized as a Musical, Drama and Comedy.
Amy, la niña de la mochila azul "(Amy, the Girl with the Blue Schoolbag)" is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa in 2004.
 Starring Danna Paola, Nora Salinas and Eduardo Capetillo, while Pedro Armendáriz Jr. and Tatiana star as co-protagonists with Alejandro Tommasi, Lorena Herrera, Alejandra Meyer and Alejandra Procuna as antagonists.
Pastora Pavón Cruz, known as La Niña de los Peines (Seville, Spain, 10 February 1890 - 26 November 1969), is considered the most important woman flamenco singer of the 20th century.
 She was a sister of singers Arturo Pavón and Tomás Pavón, also an important flamenco singer, and aunt to Arturo Pavón, the first flamenco pianist.
 Both brothers, Pastora and Tomás, together with singer Manuel Torre, were the inspiring models for the next generation of singers like Antonio Mairena, Pepe de la Matrona or Fosforito, who led the movement towards the revival of traditional forms in the decades of the 50s-70s.
Osvaldo de León (born May 6, 1984 in Brownsville, Texas, United States) is an American actor and model.
 He debuted on television in 2007 in the Mexican telenovela "Palabra de Mujer", playing Ariel Castellanos.
 Osvaldo has participated in several plays and Mexican movies, and since its inception with Televisa has participated in several soap operas such as "Juro que te amo", "Niña de mi Corazón", "Una familia con suerte", "Lo que la vida me robó", "La Malquerida" and "Sueño de amor" and "La candidata"
María García Granados y Saborío (1860-May 10, 1878), also known as La Niña de Guatemala ("the little girl of Guatemala"), was a Guatemalan socialite, daughter of General Miguel García Granados, who was President of Guatemala from 1871 to 1873 and whose house served as a gathering for the top artists and writers of the time.
 María was also niece and granddaughter of María Josefa García Granados, an influential poet and journalist of the time.
 When Cuban poet and patriot José Martí came to Guatemala in 1877, he was invited to General Garcia Granados gatherings and fell in love with Maria there, but could not correspond her because he was already engaged to marry Ms. Carmen Zayas Bazán.
 María died in 1878, shortly after learning that Martí had married, and he immortalized her in his 1891 poem "La Niña de Guatemala."
Niña Pastori is a Spanish flamenco singer (cantaora).
 She was born María Rosa García García in San Fernando (Cádiz) on 15 January 1978.
 The youngest of five siblings and only daughter of a military man (José) and flamenco singer 'La Pastori', she started her artistic career at a young age.
 At the age of six she accompanied her mother in the flamenco tablaos of "Barrio de la Pastora", and a year later won a contest in San Fernando.
 Her initial name was "La niña de la Pastori", but she later changed it to "Niña Pastori".
Melchor de Marchena (19071980; born Melchor Jimenez Torres) was a Spanish flamenco guitarist.
 Born in Marchena, Spain, he is considered to be one of the most representative artists with a "gypsy touch", along with Diego del Gastor.
 His love of flamenco comes from a family environment.
 His father, "El Lico" was a guitarist in his own right, while his mother "La Josefita", was a singer, as was one of his aunts,artistically known as "La Gilica de Marchena", who sang Soleá.
 Two of his brothers were also guitarists, like his son Enrique de Melchor (1950 - 2012), who continued the family tradition.
 Playing the guitar, he accompanied several singers of his time, such as Manolo Caracol, La Niña de los Peines, and Antonio Mairena.
 In 1966, he was awarded the National Prize Flamenco Guitar, the highest award of its kind.
 In 1974 he performed with Paco de Lucia at the flamenco festival of La Union on the coast of eastern Spain.
 He died in Madrid in 1980.
La niña de la mina is a Mexican horror movie directed by Jorge Eduardo Ramirez and starring Regina Blandon, Gerardo Taracena and José Ángel Bichir.
Niña de mi Corazón (English title: "Girl of my Heart") is a Mexican telenovela produced by Pedro Damián for Televisa.
 It is a remake of the Mexican telenovela "Mi pequeña traviesa", also produced by Pedro Damián.
