Billy Derian (born August 19, 1967) is an American television presenter and designer best known for hosting the Discovery Channel shows Backyard Brigade & Rods N Wheels.
 He is currently the host and lead designer on the DIY Network show Extra Yardage and the Discovery Channel/Velocity Channel hit "Rods N' Wheels".
 Derian has been featured on NBC's The Today Show, Wake Up with Al Roker and the syndicated BetterTV and numerous radio and TV media tours.
 Billy D currently is executive producer/creator of several network/cable shows.
Cash Cab (stylized as CA$H CAB) is an American game show that aired new episodes on the Discovery Channel from 2005 to 2012.
 It began airing on December 5, 2005, hosted by stand-up comedian Ben Bailey.
 It is part of the global "Cash Cab" franchise that originated in the United Kingdom.
Discovery Channel (formerly The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel (which is also delivered via IPTV, terrestrial television and internet television in other parts of the world) that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav.
 s of 2012 , Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS and The Weather Channel; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.
Reed Timmer (born March 17, 1980) is an American meteorologist and storm chaser who starred on Discovery Channel's reality television series "Storm Chasers".
 On the series, Timmer followed severe weather with his TornadoVideos.Net team in their vehicle, the SRV Dominator.
 He previously starred in the documentary film "Tornado Glory" and subsequently the TV series "Tornado Chasers" following the cancellation of the Discovery Channel show.
 He was featured in an interview on a bonus feature for the "Into The Storm" Blu-ray.
Discovery (formerly Discovery Channel) is an English speaking channel which targets the United Kingdom and Ireland, operated by Discovery Networks Western Europe.
 The channel's programming is based on programming produced by Discovery Networks Europe, Discovery Channel Canada and Discovery Channel from the United States.
Desert Car Kings is a reality television series that debuted on the Discovery Channel on January 26, 2011.
 It is based on the McClure family, who run Desert Valley Auto Parts in Phoenix, Arizona.
 The show's main characters, Jason and his father Ron, restore classic cars on a limited time-frame; restorations are usually given until their next auction.
 The operation houses more than 10,000 rust-free vehicles on more than 100 acres of dry Arizona land.
 Restorations have included a 1965 Ford Thunderbird, a 1970 Oldsmobile 442, a 1962 Ford Galaxie, a 1964 Plymouth Barracuda, a 1955 Ford F-100, and a 1966 Chevrolet Chevelle SS.
 With average ratings, critics vary in their opinion on the show.
 Some praise it, others calling it superficial.
 With its time slot competing with cable television's highest-rated reality show at the time (A&E's, Storage Wars), the show had several factors working against it.
 Despite the final episode airing over a year earlier, according to a May 6, 2012 Discovery Channel Facebook posting, the show had not been canceled.
 Finally, an announcement came from Discovery Channel that a second season of Desert Valley Car Kings was not picked up due to production costs.
 Since its cancellation, it has begun airing reruns on the Velocity cable television network.
 As of July 2015 it is also airing in the UK on the Quest station (Recorded in 2011 - Some confusion, UK viewers think it is more recent).
"When It Rains, It Pours" is the of the fifth season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 82nd overall episode of the series.
 It was written by co-show runner and executive producer Robert Carlock and directed by series producer Don Scardino.
 "When It Rains, It Pours" originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on September 30, 2010.
 Guest stars in this episode include Joanna Adler, Ben Bailey, Elizabeth Banks, Craig Castaldo, Paul Giamatti, Andrea Mitchell, Chris Parnell, Sherri Shepherd, and Brian Williams.
You Spoof Discovery: The ultimate viewer-submitted low-cost high-quality extremely entertaining Discovery parody special hosted by Mike Rowe of Dirty Jobs, who also narrates the series American Chopper, American Hot Rod and Deadliest Catch, commonly shortened to You Spoof Discovery, was a one-hour special on the Discovery Channel which showed viewer-submitted parodies of Discovery Channel shows.
 The special premiered on February 25, 2007 and was hosted by Mike Rowe.
 Over 600 entries were submitted.
 The makers of parodies that made it on the air were given $500 from the Discovery Channel.
 According to Jane Root, then the president of Discovery Channel, the series was intended to be the beginning of a new wave of viewer-generated content.
Michael "Mick" Kaczorowski (born January 4, 1960) is the Creative Director and Producer of Bangkok Swagger is a nine time nominated and three time Emmy Award winning Producer and Executive Producer.
 As Executive Producer, he is responsible for some of Animal Planet and Discovery’s biggest and most iconic hits including , Raising the Mammoth, and Walking with Prehistoric Beasts.
 Kaczorowski is also responsible for many of Discovery Channel and Animal Planet long running hit series including Meerkat Manor, North Woods Law, River Monsters, Alaskan Bush Family, Wild West Alaska, Buggin with Rude, and American Stuffers.
 Kaczorowski has worked in Washington D.C. for Discovery Channel, Animal Planet and the National Geographic Society.
 Kaczorowski began his filmmaking career in 1982 working in feature films for Director Robert Altman on Streamers, O.C. and Stiggs and Secret Honor.
 In 1985 Kaczorowski helped launch before it became National Geographic Television, and was a film editor for over 10 years editing over 40 films, earning two Emmy nominations for best editing for Dancing with Stingrays and Ocean Kayakers.
 He edited Discovery Channel’s first original production Ivory Wars.
 Kaczorowski joined Discovery Communications in 1994 holding many positions and titles across different Discovery networks.
 Over the next 20 years, he developed, supervised and managed everything from documentary specials and long running series, IMAX movies “”, Discovery’s first feature film “”, Animal Planet’s first feature film “” and Animal Planet’s first scripted drama “The Whale”.
 His production company Bangkok Swagger casts, develops and creates programing around the world for the web, social media and traditional television & cable networks.
The FBI Files is an American television docudrama series that originally ran from 1998 to 2006.
 It was carried by the Discovery Channel cable network and produced by New Dominion Pictures of Suffolk, Virginia.
 The show was cancelled by the Discovery Channel in 2006; however, Escape (TV network), Discovery Channel and its sister network, Investigation Discovery, air re-runs, although until October 2012, Investigation Discovery only showed episodes from seasons 5,6, and 7.
 As of October 2012, the network now airs episodes from the earlier seasons (although not necessarily in chronological order), with updated information about the cases at the end of most episodes.
 Up to late September 2012, WE tv showed episodes from seasons 1-4, but the network had removed the episode introductions by Jim Kallstrom.
 In the UK on Channel 5, "The FBI Files" airs most Saturday nights before QuizCall.
 It has also been shown on TV Denmark, Discovery Australia and Netflix in Canada.
 All seven seasons have been released on DVD.
