Kill 'Em All is the debut studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica, released on July 25, 1983, by the independent record label Megaforce Records.
 "Kill 'Em All" is regarded as a groundbreaking album for thrash metal because of its precise musicianship, which fuses new wave of British heavy metal riffs with hardcore punk tempos.
 The album's musical approach and lyrics were markedly different from rock's mainstream of the early 1980s and inspired a number of bands who followed in similar manner.
 The album did not enter the "Billboard" 200 until 1986, when it peaked at number 155, following Metallica's commercial success with its third studio album "Master of Puppets"; the 1988 Elektra reissue peaked at number 120.
 "Kill 'Em All" was critically praised at the time of its release and in retrospect, and was placed on a few publications' best album lists.
 It was certified 3נPlatinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in 1999 for shipping three million copies in the United States.
 The album generated two singles, "Whiplash" and "Jump in the Fire".
"They Don't Make 'em Like My Daddy" is a single by American country music artist Loretta Lynn.
 Released in April 1974, it was the first single from her album "They Don't Make 'em Like My Daddy".
 The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
I Like 'Em Country is the sixth studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.
 It was released on March 28, 1966, by Decca Records.
Protest Records is a subversive, online record label that creates mp3 compilation albums, which are released for free download.
 The label was founded by Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth with Stephan Said.
 The original intent of the label was to actually produce vinyl LPs, which would have been secretly placed in records stores; the goal was to confuse record store clerks because the records would not have been in their computer system.
 This plan was rejected when the label owners realized it would be cost prohibitive.
 The label intended to release at least ten "volumes" or compilation albums but to date has released only eight.
 The label is now defunct in that it does not receive any new submissions and does not intend to release new material in the immediate future, but pledges to continues to host the previously released albums online.
 Some well-known artists who have been released on Protest Records include Beastie Boys (vol.
 1), Cat Power (vol.
 1), Sonic Youth (vol.
 2), DJ Spooky (vol 3.)
, Saul Williams (vol 3.)
, Mudhoney (vol.
 4), Chumbawamba (vol.
 5), and Allen Ginsberg (vol.
 7).
 The motto of the label is: "use 'em for yrself.
 give 'em to friends.
 just don't sell 'em".
"I Like 'Em Big and Stupid" was the debut single by comedian and singer Julie Brown.
 It was self-released by Brown in 1983 in 12-inch and 7-inch vinyl record formats.
 The song is a 1980s-style pop song with comedic lyrics about the protagonist's desire for a handsome, hunky muscle-stud who's not very bright (or as she sings, "Superman with a lobotomy").
 The 12-inch version contained an extended dance mix and the B-side on all releases, "The Homecoming Queen's Got a Gun", was played on "The Dr. Demento Show," and received airplay on Top 40 and Modern Rock stations around the US in 1984.
 Both songs appeared that year on Brown's next release, "Goddess in Progress."
Zimdancehall which is a subgenre of reggae/dancehall music from Zimbabwe, started in the late 80's with the rising up of local sound systems like A1 Sound, Startime sound which exposed mic chanters like Culture T, Allan Ranks, and Dudz(who was way ahead of his time)to ride on riddims imitating their Jamaican icons at the same time creating their own style.
 In the 90s as dancehall took over with artists like Tiger, Shabba Supercat, Ninja, Papa San and a new crop of MCs began to emerge with the likes of Major E,Rassie Ai,Booker T,Smylie, Potato,Yappie Banton,Daddy Distress,Kuda Culture(brother to Culture T) dominating the sound systems.
 Startime Supa Power were the first sound system to push most of these artists to record their songs, starting first with dub plates the most popular being 'Sounds of the 90's by Major E & Booker T on Hypocrite Riddim instrumental side of Daddy Freddie & Micheal Prophet song with the same title and Rassie Ai ft Booker T 'Svinurai/Vanofarira Startime' on the Pepperseed Riddim.
 The popularity of these recordings led to more studio recordings with Major E & Booker T releasing a 7" vinyl single of 'Sound of the 90's', Yappie Banton releasing 'Memories' and 'Water ina mi room'.
 The biggest achievement was by Culture T with the band Transit Crew releasing top selling albums and toured Europe.
 By the end of the 90s, a number of local youths were recording singles and albums independently and reggae bands like Cruxial Mix (Trevor Hall) & Black Roots holding regular weekly shows to showcase various artists like Potato, Daddy Ray, Ijah son, Jnr Banton, Slaggy Yout, Bobo Markos, Desert Eagle, Sanchez and more.The genre was always cast as a copy cat of Jamaican culture and way of life so it was never taken seriously and recording studios shunned it saying it does not appeal or sell.
 It was not until the emergence of independent studios and the arrival of urban grooves in 2001 that opened up the doors for many artists with the release of many various artists albums like 'the future' 'Chamhembe','Chigutiro' which paved the way for artists like Trinta and Sniper Storm.
 Sniper Storm went on to release the album 'Ndakabata Mic' in 2004 a hardcore dancehall album.
 What really separated this album from its predessors was the fact that all its lyrics were in Shona and not English/Patios which proved really popular with the people creating a new direction for the genre.
"Crush 'Em" is a song by American heavy metal band Megadeth and the lead single from their eighth studio album, "Risk".
 It first appeared on the soundtrack to "" in July 1999 and debuted as the third most added track on alternative rock stations on July 5.
 Intended as a hockey anthem, "Crush 'Em" has become associated with sporting events and was heavily promoted by World Championship Wrestling.
 The 2004 remastered edition of "Risk" includes the bonus track "Crush 'Em" (Jock Mix).
Barret Eugene "Barry" Hansen (born April 2, 1941), better known as Dr. Demento, is an American radio broadcaster and record collector specializing in novelty songs, comedy, and strange or unusual recordings dating from the early days of phonograph records to the present.
Goddess in Progress is a 1984 EP (labeled as a "Specially Priced Mini LP") by Julie Brown, released on Rhino Records on 12" vinyl and cassette.
 The two tracks on side one first appeared on Brown's independently released 1983 single I Like 'Em Big And Stupid; and two of the three tracks on side two were later included on the soundtrack of "Earth Girls Are Easy", a film starring Brown and Geena Davis and based on the song of the same name.
"Loved 'Em Every One" is a song written by Phil Sampson, and recorded by American country music artist T.G. Sheppard.
 It was released in March 1981 as the first single from the album "I Love 'Em All".
 "I Loved 'Em Every One" was T.G. Sheppard's seventh number one on the country chart.
 The single stayed at number one for one week and spent ten weeks on the country chart.
 "I Loved' Em Every One" was also Shepperd's only Top 40 single on Billboard's Hot 100, reaching #37.
