Celestyal Cruises (formerly Louis Cruises and Louis Cruise Lines) is a Cyprus-based cruise line that operates cruises from Cyprus, France, Italy, India and Greece (the operations from Greece were previously marketed under the name Louis Hellenic Cruise Lines, but as of 2008 there is no mention of the brand on Louis' website).
 The company also charters several ships to Thomson Cruises.
 Although Celestial started operating short cruises out of Cyprus in the early 70s, Celestyal Cruises was officially established in 1986 as Louis Cruises when MV Princesa Marissa, its first owned cruise ship, was purchased.
 Celestyal Cruises is a subsidiary of Louis plc and member of Louis Group, the leading tourism group in the Eastern Mediterranean, founded in 1935 by the late Louis Loizou, acknowledged as the "father of Cyprus tourism".
Anthony "Pacer" Edwards (1962 – 18 February 2014) was a Bermudian cricketer who represented the Bermudian national team from 1983 to 1994.
 He played for Bermuda at the 1986, 1990, and 1994 ICC Trophies.
Bullcroft Colliery was a coal mine situated by the village of Carcroft north of Doncaster.
 The Bullcroft Colliery Company was formed in April 1908 and sinking of the shafts commenced immediately.
 In January 1909, at a depth of 100 ft , a water course yielding over 1,000 USgal per minute was struck, it was capped back and sinking continued but only a month later, at 180 ft , another water course, big enough to be described as a "subterranean river", was struck - too much for the steam operated pumps to cope with.
 Electric pumps were brought in to cope with the flow but even with a capability of 6,250 USgal per minute they couldn't cope and sinking was stopped so the full situation could be assessed.
Crystal Palace Park is a Victorian pleasure ground, used for cultural and sporting events.
 It is located in the south-east London suburb of Crystal Palace, which was in turn named after the Crystal Palace Exhibition building, which had been moved from Hyde Park, London after the 1851 Great Exhibition and rebuilt with some modifications and enlargements to form the centrepiece of the pleasure ground, before being destroyed by fire in 1936.
 The park features full-scale models of dinosaurs in a landscape, a maze, lakes, and a concert bowl.
Asfour Crystal is an Egyptian crystal manufacturing company that produces crystal pieces under its own name.
 The company produces clear and coloured crystals for diverse uses including lighting, accessories, fashion pieces, chandeliers, figurines and special projects.
 At the present time, Asfour Crystal is the world’s largest manufacturer and exporter of crystal, having a production capacity that exceeds 100 tons of crystal per day and exporting to more than 50 countries across the globe.
Wendell Tre' Ming Burrows (born 11 April 1994), commonly known as Tre Ming, is a Bermudian professional footballer who currently studies at Thomas College and plays for Bermudian Premier Division side PHC Zebras.
Celestyal Crystal, previously Louis Cristal, is a cruise ship operated by the Cyprus-based Celestyal Cruises and previously Louis Cruise Lines, both in the Louis Group.
 The ship was originally built as the cruiseferry MS "Viking Saga in 1980 at Wärtsilä Turku New Shipyard, Turku, Finland for Rederi Ab Sally.
 In 1986 she was renamed MS "Sally Albatross, and rebuilt into a cruise ship the following year.
 The ship was destroyed by a fire in 1990, and completely rebuilt at Finnyards, Rauma, Finland.
 She was re-delivered in 1992, still named "Sally Albatross".
 After partially sinking 1994 she was rebuilt at Industrie Navali Maccaniche Affini, La Spezia, Italy, re-entering service as MS "Leeward for Norwegian Cruise Line.
 Subsequently she sailed as MS "SuperStar Taurus for Star Cruises, MS "Silja Opera for Silja Line and spent a year laid up as MS "Opera prior to entering service with her current owner in 2007.
Crystal Dam is a 323 ft double curvature, concrete thin arch dam located six miles downstream from Morrow Point Dam on the Gunnison River in Colorado, United States.
 Crystal Dam is the newest of the three dams in Curecanti National Recreation Area; construction on the dam was finished in 1976.
 The dam impounds Crystal Reservoir.
 Crystal Dam and reservoir are part of the Bureau of Reclamation's Wayne N. Aspinall Unit of the Colorado River Storage Project, which retains the waters of the Gunnison River and its tributaries for agricultural and municipal use in the American Southwest.
 The dam's primary purpose is hydroelectric power generation.
Bermuda, a British Overseas Territory, enjoys one of the highest per capita incomes in the world, having successfully exploited its location by providing financial services for international firms and luxury tourist facilities for 360,000 visitors annually.
 The tourist industry, which accounts for an estimated 28% of GDP, attracts 84% of its business from North America.
 The industrial sector is small, and agriculture is now severely limited by a lack of suitable land.
 About 80% of food is imported.
 International business contributes over 60% of Bermuda's economic output; a failed independence vote in late 1995 can be partially attributed to Bermudian fears of scaring away foreign firms.
 Government economic priorities are the further strengthening of the tourist and international financial sectors.
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (Norwegian) is a Bermudian company operating cruise ships, headquartered in unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida.
 It began operations in 1966 under the name Norwegian Caribbean Line.
 The company is best known for its Freestyle Cruising concept, which means that there are no set times or seating arrangements for meals, nor is formal attire required.
 Norwegian is a publicly traded company listed on NASDAQ, with major shareholders including Apollo Global Management (15.8%), Genting Group (11.1%), and TPG Capital (2.3%) as of 20 March 2017 .
 Norwegian Cruise Line controls approximately 8% of the total worldwide share of the cruise market.
