Central Park is an urban park located in the Medeusky district of Almaty.
 It was founded in 1856, and was originally called The State Garden.
 In the park there are the main types of trees such as karagach, oak, aspen, maple, pine, spruce, poplar, birch; artificial water reservoirs, attractions such as a water park, Rodina cinema, sports complex, cultural venues, and public catering establishments.
 There are also children's attractions, which are children's railway, an aqua park and other entertainment venues.
There are currently two main types of power plants operating in Nigeria: (1) hydro-electric and (2) thermal or fossil fuel power plants.
 With a total installed capacity of 8457.6MW (81 percent of total) in early 2014, thermal power plants (gas-fired plants) dominates the Nigerian power supply mix.
 Electricity production from hydroelectric sources (% of total) in Nigeria was reported at 17.59 % in 2014, according to the World Bank collection of development indicators, compiled from officially recognized sources.
 There have been two main types of fossil fuel/thermal power plants in the country: (i) coal-fired and (ii) natural gas-fired.
A trellis (treillage) is an architectural structure, usually made from an open framework or lattice of interwoven or intersecting pieces of wood, bamboo or metal that is normally made to support and display climbing plants, especially shrubs.
 There are many types of trellis for different places and for different plants, from agricultural types, especially in viticulture, which are covered at vine training systems, to garden uses for climbers such as grapevines, clematis, ivy, and climbing roses or other support based growing plants.
 The rose trellis is especially common in Europe and other rose-growing areas, and many climbing rose varieties require a trellis to reach their potential as garden plants.
 Some plants will climb and wrap themselves round a trellis without much artificial help being needed while others need training by passing the growing shoots through the trellis and/or tying them to the framework.
The Massawepie Mire is a boreal peatland bog in Piercefield, New York, located near Massawepie Lake.
 Covering an area of over 900 acres, the mire is the largest bog in New York State.
 This large size is due to its position in a large, shallow glacial basin.
 Much of the bog is on the property of Massawepie Scout Camps, and the camp partners with the Nature Conservancy to preserve the ecosystem.
 The Massawepie Mire is noted for birdwatching, with several species of rare birds occupying the area including spruce grouse, gray jay, Lincoln's sparrow, boreal chickadee, and the two-barred crossbill.
 Flora includes the carnivorous pitcher plants and sundew, tamarack pines and black spruce trees, as well as the sphagnum moss that makes up the base of the bog.
Tetrastigma is a genus of plants in the grape family, Vitaceae.
 The plants are lianas that climb with tendrils and have palmately compound leaves.
 The species are found in subtropical and tropical regions of Asia, Malaysia, and Australia, where they grow in primary rainforest, gallery forest and monsoon forest and moister woodland.
 Species of this genus are notable as being the sole hosts of parasitic plants in the family Rafflesiaceae, one of which, "Rafflesia arnoldii", produces the largest single flower in the world.
The Baikal Nature Reserve ( ; Russian: Байка́льский запове́дник , "Baikalski Zapovednik") is a nature reserve on the southeast shore of Lake Baikal, in southern Buryatia, Russia.
 Also called Baikal Zapovednik, it was established in 1969 for preserving the nature along the lake and the neighboring central part of the Chamar-Daban Range.
 The area of this nature reserve is 165,700 ha .
 It hosts dark pine taiga (silver fir, cedar, spruce), thin forests, Siberian Dwarf Pine and rhododendron underbrush, subalpine meadows, and alpine tundras.
 The Baikal Nature Reserve is home to 812 kinds of plants, 49 types of mammals, 272 birds, 3 reptiles, 3 amphibians, and 7 types of fish.
 The reserve is also home to East Siberian brown bear, Baikal lynx, wolverine, otter, osprey, and golden eagle.
 The Baikal Nature Reserve is part of the World Network of Biosphere Reserves (also see "List of biosphere reserves in the Russian Federation").
 The reserve is also a part of the Lake Baikal World Heritage Site.
 The Kabansky Nature Zakaznik, across , was transferred under the jurisdiction of the Baikal Nature Reserve in 1985.
The Rafflesiaceae are a family of rare parasitic plants found in the tropical forests of east and southeast Asia, including "Rafflesia arnoldii", which has the largest flowers of all plants.
 The plants are endoparasites of vines in the genus "Tetrastigma" (Vitaceae) and lack stems, leaves, roots, and any photosynthetic tissue.
 They rely entirely on their host plants for both water and nutrients, and only then emerge as flowers from the roots or lower stems of the host plants.
Sapria is a genus of parasitic flowering plants.
 It grows within roots of "Vitis" and "Tetrastigma".
 The genus is limited to the tropical forests of South and South-east Asia.
Elliott Knob is one of the highest mountains in the northern portions of the U.S. state of Virginia.
 At 4463 ft , the peak is located on the ridge known as Great North Mountain.
 A subpeak known simply as "Hogback" (4447 ft ) is located .50 mi to the southwest.
 A small, naturally growing stand of red spruce trees are on the summit, and the upper slopes also have yellow birch and sugar maple, indicating that the altitude is just high enough to support tree species normally found hundreds of miles to the north.
 Otherwise oak and hickory trees are the most common types found on the mountain.
 The mountain is entirely within George Washington and Jefferson National Forests.
Rhizanthes is a genus of 4 species of parasitic flowering plants without leaves, stems, roots, or photosynthetic tissue.
 They grow on roots of a few species of "Tetrastigma" vines.
 The genus is limited to the tropical forests of south and south-east Asia.
 The flowers of "Rhizanthes" vary from 14 to 43 cm in diameter.
 At least one species of "Rhizanthes", "R. lowii", is endothermic.
 It not only produces its own heat, but has the rare ability to regulate its own temperature.
