Into Thin Air: Death on Everest is a 1997 American disaster television film based on Jon Krakauer's memoir "Into Thin Air" (1997).
 The film, directed by Robert Markowitz and written by Robert J. Avrech, tells the story of the 1996 Mount Everest disaster.
 It was broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company on November 9, 1997.
The Body Stealers, also known as "Thin Air", is a 1969 British science fiction film directed by Gerry Levy, about the disappearance of British armed forces paratroopers in mid-air whilst on a routine jump.
 Two investigators try to figure out what happened and uncover an alien plot to steal bodies of earthlings by snatching them out of the air.
 The film was also released as "Invasion of the Body Stealers".
The Elements of Eloquence: How to Turn the Perfect English Phrase is a non-fiction book by Mark Forsyth first published in 2013.
 The book explains selected figures of classical rhetoric, with each chapter dedicated to a particular rhetorical figure and including famous examples of its use from literature, particularly the works of William Shakespeare.
 Forsyth argues that Shakespeare's genius for language did not appear out of thin air, but was the result of the careful study and practice of formal rhetorical figures of speech.
 As well as providing many examples from varied literary and non-literary sources, he particularly highlights the occurrence of different figures throughout Shakespeare's development as a writer.
A grook ("gruk" in Danish) is a form of short aphoristic poem or rhyming aphorism, created by the Danish poet, designer, inventor and scientist Piet Hein, who wrote over 7000 of them, mostly in Danish or English.
 They have been published in 20 volumes.
 Some say that the name is short for "GRin & sUK" ("laugh & sigh" in Danish), but Piet Hein said he felt that the word had come out of thin air.
 The contemporary "Hunden Grog" (Grog the Dog) stories by fellow cartoonist Storm P. has, in public opinion, been regarded as an inspiration.
Jon Krakauer (born April 12, 1954) is an American writer and mountaineer, primarily known for his writings about the outdoors, especially mountain-climbing.
 He is the author of best-selling non-fiction books—"Into the Wild", "Into Thin Air", "Under the Banner of Heaven", and ""—as well as numerous magazine articles.
 He was a member of an ill-fated expedition to summit Mount Everest in 1996, one of the deadliest disasters in the history of climbing Everest.
Alan S. Burke (September 15, 1922 – August 25, 1992) was an American conservative television and radio talk show host who was on the air primarily in New York City from 1966 to 1969 on WNEW (now Fox Broadcasting O&O WNYW).
Chloe Piene is a fine artist known for her skeletal and morbid imagery.
 Piene was born in the United States.
 She received her BA in Art History at Columbia University and her MFA in Fine Art from Goldsmiths, University of London.
 Her work is known for its ability to straddle a very wide spectrum both in the play of her materials and as a certain philosophical position.
 Her work has made various and diverse associations with prisoners, love letters, failure, history and heroic transformation.
 Chloe Piene has been called both brutal and delicate; figurative, forensic, erotic and fantastic.
 Her video and sculpture utilize the greater sensory impact of noise, time, shadow, and heavy materials to dig visibly into the more subterranean levels of experience.
 She is known widely for her delicate and penetrating drawings, which are typically anchored in the body penetrate and skirt the boundaries of fashion, surface and anatomy.
 Her video and sculpture often take from ancient burial schemes and reliefs, an arrangement in and of the earth to speak of a greater dimension and language.
 In Piene's installations what is heavy and solid seems to float in thin air as if gaseous or ghostly.
 Death is light, and Death is heavy; typical to her work she creates a space which visually and forcefully accommodates both extremes.
 As part of her repertoire in which she understands life as art, and her art as her life, she has orchestrated performances such as "I See All Who Are Born" in Salzburg, Austria, "Familienaufstellung" in Vienna, Austria and "To Serve" a collaborative discussion with a Special Operations Commander in New York, tandem to her three part video series which worked directly cameras strapped to the heads of soldiers in Afghanistan.
Consequences is British singer-songwriter Peter Hammill's 33rd solo album, released on his own Fie!
 Records label in April 2012.
 As on his previous release, "Thin Air", Hammill played all instruments, wrote all the songs and produced the album.
Seth Brady Tucker (S. Brady Tucker) is a poet and fiction writer originally from the city of Lander, Wyoming, and is known for his creative and scholarly contributions to contemporary War Literature, in particular the first Persian Gulf War.
 His first book won the 2011 Elixir Press Editor’s Poetry Prize (Mormon Boy, 2012), and was a finalist for the 2013 Colorado Book Award.
 His second book won the Gival Press Poetry Award ("We Deserve the Gods We Ask For", 2014) and went on to win the Eric Hoffer Book Award in 2015.
 He founded and co-directs the Seaside Writers’ Conference (which takes place annually in May in Florida).
 Tucker teaches in veteran and caretaker programs and inmates through prison literacy programs.
 Tucker is an assistant editor at the Tupelo Quarterly Review, and has previously been on the editing board for the Southeast Review and for Thin Air Magazine.
In golf, a hole in one or hole-in-one (also known as an ace, mostly in American English) is when a ball hit from a tee shot finishes in the cup.
 This awards the player a score of one for the hole.
 Holes in one most commonly occur on par 3 holes, the shortest distance holes on a standard size golf course.
 Longer hitters have also accomplished this feat on longer holes, though nearly all par 4 and par 5 holes are too long for golfers to reach in a single shot.
 While well known outside of golf and often requiring a well hit shot and significant power, holes in one are considered to also contain an element of luck.
 As such, they are more common and considered less impressive than other hole accomplishments such as completing a par 5 in two shots (an albatross).
 s of October 2008 , a condor (four under par) hole-in-one on a par 5 hole had been recorded on four occasions, aided by thin air at high altitude, or by cutting the corner on a doglegged or horseshoe-shaped hole.
