The Big Breakfast is a British light entertainment television show shown on Channel 4 and S4C each weekday morning from 28 September 1992 until 29 March 2002 during which period 2,482 shows were produced.
 "The Big Breakfast" was produced by Planet 24, the production company co-owned by former Boomtown Rats singer and Band Aid/Live Aid organiser Bob Geldof.
Solar Films Inc Oy is Finnish film production company founded in 1995.
 Today, it is the leading production company in Finland in the fields of feature films and TV productions.
 Films produced by Solar Films have won altogether 23 Finnish film awards and five viewer poll awards for the most popular movie of the year.
 Besides feature films and television drama, Solar Films has also produced thousands of hours of TV entertainment for Finnish TV channels.
 The shareholders of Solar Films are Egmont Media Group and Markus Selin (Head of Production).
 In 2009 Solar Films bought the majority of production company Bronson Club.
Mano Film (formerly Mano Produktion) is a Swiss film production company located in Zurich, Switzerland.
 It was founded in 1987 by Anka Schmid, Agnes Barmettler and Rachel Schmid and produced several feature films.
 In 2001 Anka Schmid became the sole proprietress.
 The production company has since specialized in producing interdisciplinary film and art projects.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a 2004 American live-action/animated comedy film based on the Nickelodeon television series "SpongeBob SquarePants".
 The film was co-written, directed, and co-produced by series creator Stephen Hillenburg and starred the series' cast of Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Clancy Brown, Rodger Bumpass and Mr. Lawrence, with guest performances by Scarlett Johansson, Jeffrey Tambor, Alec Baldwin and David Hasselhoff.
 It was produced by Hillenburg's production company United Plankton Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies, it was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was also the first film in the "SpongeBob SquarePants" film series.
 In the film, Plankton devises a plan to steal King Neptune's crown and send it to Shell City, and SpongeBob and Patrick must retrieve the crown to save Mr. Krabs from King Neptune's wrath and Bikini Bottom from Plankton's plan.
The Montecito Picture Company is a film production company co-owned by Ivan Reitman and Tom Pollock.
 It is located in Culver City, California, United States.
Edwardian Farm is a British historical documentary TV series in twelve parts, first shown on BBC Two from November 2010 to January 2011.
 It depicts a group of historians recreating the running of a farm during the Edwardian era.
 It was made for the BBC by independent production company Lion Television and filmed at Morwellham Quay, an historic port in Devon.
 The farming team was historian Ruth Goodman and archaeologists Alex Langlands and Peter Ginn.
 The series was devised and produced by David Upshal and directed by Stuart Elliott, Chris Michell and Naomi Benson.
Desilu Productions ( ) was an American production company founded and co-owned by husband and wife Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball, best known for shows such as "I Love Lucy", "", and "The Untouchables".
 Until 1962, Desilu was the second-largest independent television production company in the U.S. behind MCA's Revue Productions until MCA bought Universal Pictures, and Desilu became and remained the number-one independent production company until being sold in 1967.
 Ball and Arnaz jointly owned the majority stake in Desilu from its inception until 1962, when Ball bought out Arnaz and ran the company by herself for several years.
 Ball had succeeded in making Desilu profitable again by 1967, when she sold her shares of Desilu to Gulf+Western for $17 million ($ in 2016 dollars).
 Gulf+Western then transformed Desilu into the television production arm of Paramount Pictures, rebranding the company as the original Paramount Television.
Kevin Loader is a British film and television producer.
 Since 1996, he and co-owner Roger Michell have run a London-based production company, Free Range Films, through which the pair have made several feature films directed by Michell, including "The Mother", "Enduring Love", "Venus", "Hyde Park on Hudson", and "Le Week-end".
 Their most recent film is an adaptation by Michell of Daphne Du Maurier's "My Cousin Rachel".
 The company is also developing and producing film and television projects with other directors.
 Loader was awarded the Bafta for Best Television Serial in 2015 for "The Lost Honour of Christopher Jefferies".
My Cousin Rachel is a 2017 romantic drama film, written and directed by Roger Michell, based upon the 1951 novel of the same name by Daphne du Maurier.
 It stars Rachel Weisz, Sam Claflin, Iain Glen, Holliday Grainger and Pierfrancesco Favino.
 It was shot in England and Italy in spring 2016, and is about a young man in Cornwall who meets the wife of his older cousin, suspecting her of having been responsible for his death.
WestWind Pictures Ltd. is an independent television production company founded in 1989 in Regina, Saskatchewan.
 The company, now based in Toronto, Ontario, is co-owned by CEO Mary Darling and President Clark Donnelly.
 WestWind currently has programs airing in over 80 countries around the world.
 The company is currently involved in scripted television series, documentaries, lifestyle programming and feature films.
