Alan Gribben is a professor of English at Auburn University at Montgomery in Alabama and a Mark Twain scholar.
 He was distinguished research professor from 1998 to 2001 and the Dr. Guinevera A. Nance Alumni Professor from 2006 to 2009.
 He engendered widespread controversy in 2011 when he announced the publication of expurgated versions of Twain's works.
Roger Douglas Groot (1942–2005) was the Class of 1975 Alumni Professor of Law at Washington and Lee University School of Law in Lexington, Virginia, where he had taught since 1973.
 Prior to graduating law school, he'd served six years in the United States Marine Corps, including a tour in Vietnam as an advisor to the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.
 He was an expert in criminal law and procedure, and the death penalty.
 Groot had been appointed counsel in several Virginia capital cases, appointed as defense legal analyst in federal death penalty cases, and consulted in several hundred capital cases, including Lee Boyd Malvo (Beltway Sniper) and Peter Odighizuwa (Appalachian School of Law shooting).
 At the time of Groot's death, none of his clients had been sent to death row.
Seymour I. Schwartz, M.D., F.A.C.S (born January 22, 1928) is the Distinguished Alumni Professor for the Department of Surgery at the University of Rochester in Rochester, New York.
 He is one of the most prolific and honored surgeons in American history with further successes outside of the field of medicine as a renowned author and cartographic historian.
 His most notable accomplishments in surgery include being the founding Editor-in-Chief of "Schwartz's Principles of Surgery", Chairman of the Department of Surgery at the University of Rochester (1987-1998), Editor-in-Chief of the "Journal of the American College of Surgeons" (1996-2004) and President of the American College of Surgeons (1997-1998).
 After spending nearly 65 years in the field of surgery, he has published hundreds of research articles, textbook chapters, and received numerous honors in the United States and abroad.
 Dr. Schwartz has lectured throughout the world as a visiting professor and donated to many philanthropic endeavors.
 His influence on surgical education and leadership has impacted nearly every practicing surgeon in the world.
 Throughout his career, Dr. Schwartz has treated and changed the lives of tens of thousands of patients and trained generations of residents and fellows to share in his legacy and do the same.
Krystyna M. Kuperberg (born "Krystyna M. Trybulec"; 17 July 1944) is a Polish-American mathematician who currently works as a professor of mathematics at Auburn University and is the former Alumni Professor of Mathematics there.
Lawrence A. Gordon is the EY Alumni Professor of Managerial Accounting and Information Assurance at the University of Maryland’s Robert H. Smith School of Business.
 He is also an Affiliate Professor in the University of Maryland Institute for Advanced Computer Studies.
 Dr. Gordon earned his Ph.D. in Managerial Economics from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
 An internationally known scholar in the areas of managerial accounting (often called management accounting) and cybersecurity economics, Dr. Gordon's research focuses on such issues as economic aspects of information security (including cybersecurity or computer security), corporate performance measures, cost management systems, and capital investments.
 He is the author of approximately 100 articles, published in such journals as The Accounting Review, ACM Transactions on Information and System Security, Communications of the ACM, Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, Journal of Computer Security, MIS Quarterly, Accounting, Organizations and Society, and the Journal of Accounting and Public Policy.
 Dr. Gordon's current research emphasizes the importance of applying concepts from economics and managerial accounting to an information-based economy.
 Dr. Gordon is the co-creator (with Martin P. Loeb) of the Gordon-Loeb Model, which provides a mathematical economic model for deriving an organization's optimal investment level in cyber/information security.
 The Gordon-Loeb Model has been featured in The Wall Street Journal and The Financial Times.
 For a 3-minute video that provides a non-mathematical overview of the Model, go to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd8dT0FuqQ4.
 Dr. Gordon also is the author of several books, including Managerial Accounting: Concepts and Empirical Evidence, Managing Cybersecurity Resources: A Cost-Benefit Analysis and Improving Capital Budgeting: A Decision Support System Approach.
 In addition, he is the Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Accounting and Public Policy and serves on the editorial boards of several other journals.
 Dr. Gordon's research has over 6,400 citations in Google Scholar.
Nicholas C. Yannelis (Greek: Νικόλαoς Γιανvέλης ; born 1953) is the Henry B. Tippie Research Professor of Economics, and Applied Mathematics and Computation at the University of Iowa.
 He is an emeritus Commerce Distinguished Alumni Professor of Economics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
 Also he was the Sir Johns Hicks Professor of Economics at the University of Manchester.
 His research includes the study of equilibrium concepts in games and economies with asymmetric information; equilibrium in infinite dimensional commodity spaces; equilibrium in games and economies with discontinuous preferences; and equilibrium theory and implementation under ambiguity.
 He has also done works in pure mathematics.
Bankole A. Johnson, DSc, MD, MPhil, FRCPsych (born 5 November 1959) is a licensed physician and board-certified psychiatrist throughout Europe and the United States who served as Alumni Professor and Chairman of the Department of Psychiatry and Neurobehavioral Sciences at the University of Virginia.
 Johnson's primary area of research expertise is the psychopharmacology of medications for treating addictions, and he is well known in the field for his discovery that topiramate, a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) facilitator and glutamate antagonist, is an effective treatment for alcoholism.
 Professor Johnson also received national media attention for his appearance in the Home Box Office (HBO) original documentary feature, "Addiction", which won the prestigious Governors Award, a special Emmy Award, from the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
 Professor Johnson recently accepted an appointment to join the University of Maryland as the Chairman of Psychiatry and to lead a Brain Science Research Consortium in the neurosciences.
Morton E. Gurtin is a mechanical engineer who became a mathematician and "de facto" mathematical physicist.
 He is an emeritus professor of mathematical sciences at Carnegie-Mellon University, where for many years he held an endowed chair as the Alumni Professor of Mathematical Science.
 His main work is in materials science, in the form of the mathematical, rational mechanics of non-linear continuum mechanics and thermodynamics, in the style of Clifford Truesdell and Walter Noll, a field also known under the combined name of "continuum thermomechanics".
 He has published over 250 papers, many among them in Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis, as well as a number of books.
Karl A. Roider, Jr. is the Louisiana State University, Thomas and Lillian Landrum Alumni Professor.
 Roider joined the LSU faculty in 1968.
 He was appointed as the Dean of LSU's College of Arts and Sciences in December 1991 and served in this role for nine years.
 Roider returned to his role as a history professor.
Anthony Clark Arend (born October 24, 1958) is Professor of Government and Foreign Service at Georgetown University.
 On August 1, 2015, he became Senior Associate Dean for Graduate and Faculty Affairs in the Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University.
 He served as Director of the Master of Science in Foreign Service Program at the Walsh School from 2008-2017.
 With Christopher C. Joyner, he founded the Institute for International Law and Politics (now called the Institute for Law, Science and Global Security) at Georgetown University and served as co-director of the Institute from 2003-2008.
 He is also an adjunct professor of law at the Georgetown University Law Center.
 From 2005-2009, he edited the blog, Exploring International Law.
 His blog can now be found at the website AnthonyClarkArend.com He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
 In April 2017, Arend received the John Carroll Award from the Georgetown University Alumni Association.
 This award "is conferred upon Georgetown alumni whose achievements and record of service exemplify the ideals and traditions of Georgetown and its founder" and is the highest honor given by the Alumni Association.
