George Segal Jr. (born February 13, 1934) is an American actor and musician.
 Segal became popular in the 1960s and 1970s for playing both dramatic and comedic roles.
 Some of his most acclaimed roles are in films such as "Ship of Fools" (1965), "King Rat" (1965), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
" (1966), "Where's Poppa?
" (1970), "The Hot Rock" (1972), "Blume in Love" (1973), "A Touch of Class" (1973), "California Split" (1974), "For the Boys" (1991), and "Flirting with Disaster" (1996).
"General Hospital" is the longest running American television serial drama, airing on ABC.
 Created by Frank and Doris Hursley, the series premiered on April 1, 1963.
 The longest-running cast member is Leslie Charleson, who has portrayed Dr. Monica Quartermaine since August 17, 1977, also making her one of the longest-tenured actors in American soap operas.
 Former cast member Rachel Ames was previously the series' longest-running cast member, portraying Audrey Hardy from 1964 to 2007, and making guest appearances in 2009 and 2013, the latter for the series' fiftieth anniversary.
 Ames made a special appearance on October 30, 2015.
 Actors Genie Francis and Kin Shriner, who portray Laura Spencer and Scott Baldwin, are the second and third longest-running cast members, having joined "General Hospital" in February and August 1977, respectively.
 Actress Jacklyn Zeman — who portrays Bobbie Spencer — is the fourth longest-running cast member, joining the serial in December 1977.
 Actress Jane Elliot, who joined the serial in June 1978 as Tracy Quartermaine, is the fifth longest-running cast member, joining "General Hospital" in June 1978 until her departure in May 2017.
 Former cast member Anthony Geary, who portrayed Luke Spencer, was the sixth longest-running cast member, having joined "General Hospital" in November 1978.
 The following list is of cast members who are currently on the show: the main and recurring cast members, or those who are debuting, departing or returning to the series.
Ellen Cleghorne (born November 29, 1965) is an American actress and comedian, best known as a cast member of "Saturday Night Live" from 1991 to 1995.
 Cleghorne was the sketch comedy show's second African-American female repertory cast member, succeeding Danitra Vance in its eleventh season, and the first African-American female cast member to stay for more than one season.
 She returned for its 40th anniversary special on February 15, 2015.
 Cleghorne was ranked the 69th greatest "Saturday Night Live" cast member by "Rolling Stone" magazine.
Harry Freeman (29 July 1858 – 30 July 1922) was an English music hall performer of the Victorian era and early twentieth century, and the first King Rat of the showbusiness charity the Grand Order of Water Rats.
 Among his popular songs were 'Leicester Square' and 'The Giddy little Girl said, "No!"'
.
"Dashboard" is a song by American indie rock band Modest Mouse and is the second track on their 2007 album "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank".
 The song was released as the first single from that album and peaked at #5 on "Billboard's" Modern Rock Tracks chart.
 It debuted and peaked at #61 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 in early February 2007.
 In late May 2007, the song was released as a single in the United Kingdom with "King Rat" as the B-side.
 This single coincided with the band's UK tour.
 This song was #87 on "Rolling Stone"' s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.
King Rat is a 1965 World War II film directed by Bryan Forbes, and starring George Segal as Corporal King and James Fox as Marlowe, two World War II prisoners of war in a squalid camp near Singapore.
 Among the supporting cast were John Mills and Tom Courtenay.
 The film was adapted from James Clavell's novel "King Rat" (1962), which in turn is partly based on Clavell's experiences as a POW at Changi Prison during the Second World War.
King Rat is an urban fantasy novel by British writer China Miéville, published in 1998.
 Unlike his Bas-Lag novels, it is set in London during the late 1990s.
 It follows the life of Saul Garamond after the death of his father and his meeting with King Rat.
 As King Rat takes Saul under his wing, the young man is quickly embroiled in a centuries-old rivalry.
 "King Rat" was Miéville's debut novel.
The eighth series of Geordie Shore, a British television programme based in Newcastle upon Tyne was confirmed in October 2013 after cast member Holly Hagan announced it on Twitter and is expected to air 22 July 2014.
 Filming began for this series on 25 March 2014.
 This series will be the first not to feature former cast member Sophie Kasaei after she was axed during the seventh series following a racial slur.
 All other cast members from the previous series return with the addition of new cast member Aaron Chalmers who had briefly appeared during series two of the show as a one-night stand of Holly's.
 In May 2014, Gaz announced that the series would begin in July.
 An exclusive first trailer for the series was released during an episode of Ex On The Beach on 3 June 2014.
 It was revealed on 10 June 2014 that another new cast member had joined, 21-year-old Kyle Christie.
The following is a list of characters who appear in the eighth series of the BBC school drama "Waterloo Road", in order of appearance.
 The Eighth Series consists of Thirty Episodes, first broadcast from 23 August 2012 to 4 July 2013.
 New Main Cast Members from Episode One include Head of English (later Head Teacher) Christine Mulgrew and History Teacher Audrey McFall, with Maggie Croft (later Budgen) and Lorraine Donnegan also promoted to the Main Cast.
 New Pupil Characters from Episode One include Christine's son Connor Mulgrew, Imogen Stewart, Jade Fleming, Lula Tsibi, Rhiannon Salt and Angus Hancock.
 Head of rival school Havelock High Gerald Findlay also appears in the first five episodes.
 Episode four sees the first of several appearances of Imogen's mother Sally Stewart; Michael Byrne's father Billy debuts in the same episode, and appears until his death in Episode Ten.
 Pupil Liberty Gordon first appears in Episode Five, and Kevin Skelton (later Chalk) also joins the supporting cast in Episode Eight.
 Lorraine's sister Sonya Donnegan joins the main cast as School Secretary from Episode Nine.
 Episode Eleven sees the Barry family, consisting of mother Carol and her children Barry, Dynasty and Kacey all join the supporting cast, with pupil Jack MacAllister also debuting in the same episode.
 Towards the end of the series, supporting characters of Maintenance Assistant Ndale Kayuni, Dynasty's former boyfriend Steve-O Malone and Acting Head of Science Esther Fairclough all appear.
 Angus Deayton and Richard Mylan join the cast as Head of Modern Languages George Windsor and Deputy Head Simon Lowsley in episodes Twenty-Seven and Twenty-Nine respectively.
 Recurring Character Robert Bain, Head of Greenock Education makes his first appearance in episode Twenty-Seven, and wife of George Windsor, Princess first appears in episode Twenty-Nine.
Nina Webster is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless", portrayed by Tricia Cast.
 She was introduced during the episode airing on June 26, 1986 as a pregnant teenager whom Christine Blair (Lauralee Bell) befriends.
 Cast remained a regular cast member for fifteen years before asking for a contract release and departing onscreen in February 2001.
 In 2008, the actress returned for several guest spots, and the following year, she returned for a bigger storyline, and has continued to make occasional appearances.
