Inge Johansson ( ) (born May 10, 1977) is the bass player of the Florida-based punk band Against Me!
.
 He was previously the bass player of the politically charged punk/rock band The (International) Noise Conspiracy, formed in Umeå, Sweden in 1998 with Dennis Lyxzén, Sara Almgren, Ludwig Dahlberg and Lars Strömberg.
 Before forming The (International) Noise Conspiracy, Johansson was one of the many bass players that played in the straight edge hardcore band Refused.
 The (International) Noise Conspiracy recorded and played more than 700 shows worldwide as an active band between 1998 and 2009, and recorded two of their albums with producer Rick Rubin for Rubins label American Recordings.
INVSN (pronounced "Invasion") is a Post-Punk band from Umeå in the North of Sweden.
 The members have all played in influential punk and rock bands from Sweden.
 It is the music project of Swedish Punk rock musician Dennis Lyxzén.
 In contrast to his other projects, Refused and The (International) Noise Conspiracy, this started out as a solo career and much more folkish and softer than his prior music endeavors.
AC4 is a hardcore band from Umeå, Sweden.
 Refused members Dennis Lyxzén and David Sandström had been talking about starting a new band for a long time.
 In the spring of 2008 Karl Backman had written songs for the new band and they started to rehearse.
 Jens Nordén had played with Lyxzén in pre-Refused straight edge hardcore band Step Forward (1987-1991) and since 1990 with Backman in punk band The Vectors.
 The "AC" in the name is the regional code for the Västerbotten province where Umeå is located.
David Sandström (born January 2, 1975) is the drummer for hardcore punk group Refused.
 After Refused broke up David and the other members of Refused worked on a project entitled TEXT and released one album.
 Then David went on to do solo work.
 In 2008 he formed the hardcore punk band AC4 with Refused frontman Dennis Lyxzén, playing bass guitar.
Dennis Lyxzén (born June 19, 1972 in Umeå, Sweden) is a musician best known as the lead vocalist for Swedish hardcore punk band Refused.
 He is currently the vocalist in INVSN.
Refused is a Swedish punk rock band originating from Umeå and formed in 1991.
 Refused is composed of vocalist Dennis Lyxzén, guitarist Kristofer Steen, drummer David Sandström, and bassist Magnus Flagge.
 Guitarist Jon Brännström was a member from 1994, through reunions, until he was fired in late-2014.
 Their lyrics are often of a non-conformist and politically far-left nature.
Desperate Fight Records was an independent record label in existence between 1993 and 2000 in Umeå, Sweden, owned and operated by Dennis Lyxzén and Jose Saxlund.
 It released records by most of the bands in the huge local Straight edge hardcore scene known collectively as Umeå Hardcore.
Ny Våg is an independent record label founded by Dennis Lyxzén and Inge Johansson in 2005.
 It focuses on releases by bands associated with the large punk and hardcore scene in Umeå, Sweden, where the label is based.
Step Forward was founded in 1989 in Umeå, Sweden, by Dennis Lyxzén and his friends, Toft Stade, Jens Nordén and Henrik Jansson.
 Step Forward was one of the very first hardcore punk bands in Sweden that held on to the American straight edge lifestyle.
The (International) Noise Conspiracy (abbreviated T(I)NC) were a Swedish rock band formed in Sweden in the late months of 1998.
 The line-up consists of Dennis Lyxzén (vocals), Inge Johansson (bass), Lars Strömberg (guitar), and Ludwig Dahlberg (drums).
 The band is known for its punk and garage rock musical influences, and its impassioned left-wing political stance.
 Up until 2004, guitarist/organist/keyboardist Sara Almgren was also a member of the band.
 Dennis formed The (I)NC almost immediately after the breakup of his former band, Refused.
 The (I)nc takes pride in blending the roots of at least four other bands, including Totalt Jävla Mörker (Johansson), Separation (Strömberg), Saidiwas (Dahlberg and Almgren), and Doughnuts (Almgren).
 In 2007, Inge Johansson also played in the band The Most.
