The Clay Wade Bailey Bridge is a cantilever bridge carrying U.S. Route 42 and U.S. Route 127 across the Ohio River, connecting Cincinnati, Ohio and Covington, Kentucky.
 This also marks the termination of U.S. Route 25.
 The bridge's main span is 675 ft .
 It is a 3-lane bridge; Two lanes are dedicated to travel each way and the middle lane is a reversible lane, meaning the direction of travel of the middle lane changes according to the time of day.
The Niagara Cantilever Bridge or Michigan Central Railway Cantilever Bridge was a cantilever bridge across the Niagara Gorge.
 An international railway-only bridge between Canada and the United States, it connected Niagara Falls, New York, and Niagara Falls, Ontario, located just south of the Whirlpool Bridge, and opened to traffic in 1883, it was replaced by the Michigan Central Railway Steel Arch Bridge in 1925.
The West Cornwall Covered Bridge (an earlier incarnation was known as the Hart Bridge) is a wooden covered lattice truss bridge carrying the Sharon-Goshen Turnpike over the Housatonic River in the town of Cornwall, Connecticut.
 Records indicate that a bridge may have been in place in this location as early as 1762.
 A previous bridge was destroyed in the flood of 1837 and a new bridge was constructed in 1841.
 This bridge would also be destroyed and the current bridge would be completed circa 1864.
 Utilizing the central pier from the previous incarnation, despite the Town lattice being able to withstand the weight and single span, the bridge has two spans.
 The later addition of queen trusses and supports gives the bridge an unusual appearance.
 Modernization of the bridge in 1968 and 1973 has continued to let the bridge handle traffic.
 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The Combs–Hehl Bridge is a twin span single pier cantilever bridge carrying Interstate 275 (I-275) across the Ohio River.
 It connects the Eastern portion of Cincinnati, Ohio (near the Coney Island amusement park) and Campbell County, Kentucky.
 Due to the geography, the Western end of the bridge is in Kentucky; the Eastern end in Ohio.
Rochester Bridge in Rochester, Medway was for centuries the lowest fixed crossing of the River Medway in South East England.
 There have been several generations of bridge at this spot, and the current "bridge" is in fact four separate bridges: the "Old" bridge and "New" bridge carrying the A2 road, "Railway" bridge carrying the railway and the "Service" bridge carrying service pipes and cables.
 The bridge links the towns of Strood and Rochester in Medway.
 All except the railway bridge are owned and maintained by the Rochester Bridge Trust.
The Horace Wilkinson Bridge is a cantilever bridge carrying Interstate 10 in Louisiana across the Mississippi River from Port Allen in West Baton Rouge Parish to Baton Rouge in East Baton Rouge Parish.
 Around the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Area, the bridge is more commonly known as the "New Bridge" because it is the younger of the two bridges that cross the river in Baton Rouge.
Winfield Toll Bridge, also known as the Ross Booth Memorial Bridge, is a historic three-span cantilever Warren Truss bridge located at Winfield and Red House, Putnam County, West Virginia.
 It was built in 1955, and spans the Kanawha River, carrying West Virginia Route 34.
 The cantilever through-truss consists of two anchor spans each 245 feet in length and the main span 462 feet in length between pier center lines.
 The main span consists of two 128 feet, 4 inch, cantilever arms and a 205 feet, 4 inch, suspended span.
A cantilever bridge is a bridge built using cantilevers, structures that project horizontally into space, supported on only one end.
 For small footbridges, the cantilevers may be simple beams; however, large cantilever bridges designed to handle road or rail traffic use trusses built from structural steel, or box girders built from prestressed concrete.
 The steel truss cantilever bridge was a major engineering breakthrough when first put into practice, as it can span distances of over 1500 ft , and can be more easily constructed at difficult crossings by virtue of using little or no falsework.
The Varapuzha bridge on NH 17 is a cantilever bridge spanning the Periyar river between Varappuzha(Mannamthuruttu to Cheranallur)(Nearest Varapuzha Historical Island) and Cheranallur.
 Varapuzha Bridge is the first bridge in Kerala to be constructed using Balanced Cantilever technique(120m span) and also the first bridge in Kerala where Caisson floating technique was adopted.
 The construction of the bridge won the National award for the Most Outstanding Bridge(1999) of Indian Institution of Bridge Engineers On 16 January 2001, Varapuzha Bridge was opened to traffic.
 This bridge reduces the distance between Malabar and Kochi.
The Carquinez Bridge refers to parallel bridges spanning the Carquinez Strait, forming part of Interstate 80 between Crockett and Vallejo, in the U.S. state of California.
 The name originally referred to a single cantilever bridge built in 1927, helping to form a direct route between San Francisco and Sacramento.
 A second parallel cantilever bridge was completed in 1958 to deal with the increased traffic.
 Later, seismic problems of the 1927 span led to the construction and 2003 opening of a replacement: a suspension bridge officially called the Al Zampa Memorial Bridge (named in the memory of iron worker Al Zampa, who played an integral role in the construction of numerous San Francisco Bay Area bridges).
 Currently, the Alfred Zampa Memorial Bridge carries westbound traffic from Vallejo to Crockett, and the 1958 cantilever span carries eastbound traffic.
