The 1979 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament was played at the end of the 1979 NCAA Division I baseball season to determine the national champion of college baseball.
 The tournament concluded with eight teams competing in the College World Series, a double-elimination tournament in its thirty third year.
 Eight regional competitions were held to determine the participants in the final event.
 Seven regions held a four team, double-elimination tournament while one region included six teams, resulting in 34 teams participating in the tournament at the conclusion of their regular season, and in some cases, after a conference tournament.
 The thirty-third tournament's champion was Cal State Fullerton, coached by Augie Garrido.
 The Most Outstanding Player was Tony Hudson of Cal State Fullerton.
V. Vance Roley is the Dean of the Shidler College of Business at the University of Hawaii.
 Dean Roley is also First Hawaiian Bank Distinguished Professor of Leadership and Management.
 Dean Roley was named Dean of the Shidler College of Business Administration in January 2005 after 21 years at the University of Washington.
 At the University of Washington, he was Acting Dean and the Hughes M. Blake Professor of Finance at the School of Business.
 Prior to joining the University of Washington, Dean Roley served as economist and Assistant Vice President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City.
 He also served a one-year term as senior economist on the President's Council of Economic Advisers during the Carter Administration with University of Hawaii President David McClain.
 Dean Roley received his masters and Ph.D. degrees from Harvard University and his undergraduate degree from the University of California at Berkeley.
 Dean Roley is also a member of the Board of Directors of risk management software and information company Kamakura Corporation.
Hurley Calister "Cal" Turner Jr. (born 1940/41) is an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist.
 He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dollar General, a chain of variety stores founded by his father, Cal Turner Sr.
Richard Dean "Rick" Vanderhook (born May 31, 1961) is an American college baseball coach who has been the head coach of CSUF Titans since prior to the 2012 season.
 Before becoming the head coach at Cal State Fullerton on June 24, 2011, Vanderhook was an assistant coach at several schools, including Cal State Fullerton from 1985–1988, Cal State Northridge Matadors from 1989–1990, Cal State Fullerton again from 1991–2007, and UCLA Bruins from 2009–2011.
 Vanderhook played at Cerritos College prior to transferring to Cal State Fullerton prior to the 1983 season.
 Vanderhook was a member of Fullerton's 1984 national championship team.
William Johnston Hovde (4 April 1917 – 13 March 1996) was a United States Air Force colonel and a World War II flying ace.
 Hovde served two tours in the 355th Fighter Group and commanded the 358th Fighter Squadron, ending the war with 10.5 victories.
 He also served in the Korean War, claiming another victory while in command of the 335th Fighter Squadron.
 After serving as an attaché in Mexico, Hovde commanded Ethan Allen Air Force Base and the 14th Fighter Group.
 He retired in 1967, and worked in the liquor business before finally retiring and moving to San Antonio.
 Hovde became president of the American Fighter Aces Association, and died in 1996.
Carl Frederick Hovde (pronounced HUV-dee; October 11, 1926 – September 5, 2009) was an American educator who from 1968 until 1972 was the Dean of Columbia College, the undergraduate division of Columbia University.
 In that position, he served an important role in restoring order and calm on the campus after the six-week-long student protests in spring 1968 that had been led by the Students for a Democratic Society.
In 2005, Oregon had success behind senior quarterback Kellen Clemens and a new spread offense.
 During a game at Arizona, Clemens suffered a broken ankle.
 At that point Oregon was 8-1 (their only loss was to #1 ranked USC 45-13, the loss was vacated in 2010), and still in the hunt for a BCS game.
 Oregon won their final three games and their success led them into contention for a bid to the Fiesta Bowl.
 The Ducks finished the regular season with a 10-1 record, their best finish since their Joey Harrington-led, Fiesta Bowl-winning 2001–2002 team.
 They finished 5th overall in the BCS ranking system, which would in many years have been high enough to earn them a bid to a BCS Bowl.
 In 2005, however, there were no at-large bids available to Oregon.
 Ohio State finished just ahead of the Ducks, in 4th place, guaranteeing them one of the at-large berths (although they had an inferior 10-2 record).
 Notre Dame finished 6th in the BCS, also securing a BCS bid due to a pre-existing clause in the BCS contract.
 Many college football fans were outraged that two teams with worse records were selected over the Ducks.
 Moreover, for the second consecutive year, the Pac-10 conference had a team that finished with a one-loss season snubbed by the BCS (the Cal Bears finished 10-1 in 2004).
 It was later demonstrated that Oregon drew the highest bowl ratings in college football, calling the argument that TV ratings hurt the Ducks' BCS chances into question.
 The situation (and others like it in recent years) has led to more calls for a playoff system to replace the BCS, which has received widespread criticism from college football fans.
 Instead of a BCS game, they were assigned to the 2005 Holiday Bowl versus the Oklahoma Sooners.
 Playing without their starting quarterback, Kellen Clemens, and combined with a strong showing from the Sooners, the Ducks fell in a close game, 17-14, finishing the season tied for the second-best in school history with a 10-1 overall record (the Southern Cal game was deemed vacated by violations in 2010).
The Collins College of Hospitality Management is a college part of the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona).
 Founded in 1973, it was the first hospitality management studies program in California and its thousand students make it the largest such school in the state.
 As of 2010, The Collins College of Hospitality Management is ranked third in the nation by restaurant executives.
 Andrew Hale Feinstein is Dean and James A. Collins Distinguished Chair.
 With over 1,000 undergraduate students, the college is the second largest of its kind the country.
The 1984 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament was played at the end of the 1984 NCAA Division I baseball season to determine the national champion of college baseball.
 The tournament concluded with eight teams competing in the College World Series, a double-elimination tournament in its thirty eighth year.
 Eight regional competitions were held to determine the participants in the final event.
 Six regions held a four team, double-elimination tournament while two regions included six teams, resulting in 36 teams participating in the tournament at the conclusion of their regular season, and in some cases, after a conference tournament.
 The thirty-eighth tournament's champion was Cal State Fullerton, coached by Augie Garrido.
 The Most Outstanding Player was John Fishel of Cal State Fullerton.
The 1995 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament was played at the end of the 1995 NCAA Division I baseball season to determine the national champion of college baseball.
 The tournament concluded with eight teams competing in the College World Series, a double-elimination tournament in its forty ninth year.
 Eight regional competitions were held to determine the participants in the final event.
 Each region was composed of six teams, resulting in 48 teams participating in the tournament at the conclusion of their regular season, and in some cases, after a conference tournament.
 The forty-ninth tournament's champion was Cal State Fullerton, coached by Augie Garrido.
 The Most Outstanding Player was Mark Kotsay of Cal State Fullerton.
