Jagjeet Singh Hans (born April 3, 1944) is an Indian-Canadian semi-retired professional wrestler, known better by his ring name Tiger Jeet Singh.
 He was known for his elaborate ring entrances, and generally performed as a heel.
 He wrestled in Japan for 22 years and was the first professional wrestler in Japan to defeat sumo wrestler Wajima Hiroshi.
Bryant Alan Rogowski (born November 6, 1970) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Bryant Anderson.
 He is the son of wrestler Ole Anderson.
 Anderson wrestled for World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 1993, as well as wrestling for various independent promotions in the Southeastern United States during the mid-1990s.
Jacqueline DeLois Moore (born January 6, 1964) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager.
 She is best known for her time in WWE (back–then Federation/Entertainment) from 1998 to 2004, as well as working for World Championship Wrestling in 1997-98 and later Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as a wrestler, manager and road agent.
Michael Samuel Smith (born October 11, 1963) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Sam Houston.
 He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation from 1987 to 1991.
 Houston's father Grizzly Smith was also a professional wrestler, as was his half-brother Jake Roberts and his sister Rockin' Robin.
Scott Thompson is an American semi-retired professional wrestler.
 He is best known for his appearances with the professional wrestling promotion World Championship Wrestling under the ring name King Kong in the early 1990s and later worked as Krusher Kong on the wrestling independent circuit.
 Thompson teamed up with another wrestler known as "Awesome Kong" to form a regular tag team known as "The Colossal Kongs.
John "Johnny" Candito (born June 11, 1982) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, and is the younger brother of late professional wrestler Chris Candido.
 He is best known under the ring name Johnny Candido
Bradley "Brad" Anderson (born December 24, 1969) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and is the son of wrestler Gene Anderson.
Barry Clinton Windham (born July 4, 1960) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and the son of wrestler Blackjack Mulligan.
 He is best known for his appearances with the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW).
Bryan Alvarez (born June 12, 1975) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, satellite radio/podcast host and the editor and publisher of "Figure Four Weekly", a newsletter that has covered professional wrestling since 1995.
 Alvarez credits a portion of his professional wrestling training to wrestler Buddy Wayne and is credited in training Jack Evans.
 He was born in Bothell, Washington.
Frank Öivind Stefan Andersson, generally referred to as Frank Andersson (born 9 May 1956 in Trollhättan) is a Swedish semi-retired professional wrestler, entertainer and retired amateur wrestler.
 He started in amateur wrestling, winning several world championship gold medals as well as a bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
 He later became a professional wrestler with mixed success.
 He was also a participant on "Let's Dance 2011", the Swedish version of "Strictly Come Dancing" / "Dancing with the Stars" where he finished second.
