Robin Hood is a fictional character, a comic book Outlaw published by DC Comics.
 Robin Hood debuted in "New Adventure Comics" vol.
 1 #23 (January 1938), and was created by Sven Elven.
 The character is based on the legendary archer Robin Hood whose earliest recorded literary appearance was in William Langland's 14th century narrative poem, Piers Plowman.
 The character of Robin Hood was made popular by Howard Pyle's 19th century novel "The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood".
Aaj Ka Robin Hood (Translation: Today's robin hood) is a 1988 adventure-drama Indian Hindi film directed and produced by Tapan Sinha.
 It starred Anil Chatterjee, Utpal Dutt, Nana Patekar, Rabi Ghosh and Satish Shah in lead roles.
 Music for the film was also scored by Tapan Sinha.
Sir Guy of Gisbourne (also spelled Gisburne, Gisborne, Gysborne, or Gisborn) is a character from the Robin Hood legends of English folklore.
 He first appears in "Robin Hood and Guy of Gisborne" (Child Ballad 118), where he is a hired killer who attempts to kill Robin Hood but is killed by him.
 In later depictions, he has become a romantic rival to Robin Hood for Maid Marian's love.
Jayamala is a Kannada (Indian) film actress.
 Her films include "Giri Kanye", "Shankar Guru", "Aaj Ka Ye Ghar", "Sampoorna Teerth Yatraa", "Balak", "Spy in Rome", "Love and Murder" and "Harishchandra Taramati".
 She has also produced the film "Aaj Ka Ye Ghar".
The Adventures of Robin Hood is a British television series comprising 143 half-hour, black and white episodes broadcast weekly between 1955 and 1959 on ITV.
 It stars Richard Greene as the outlaw Robin Hood and Alan Wheatley as his nemesis, the Sheriff of Nottingham.
 The show followed the legendary character Robin Hood and his band of merry men in Sherwood Forest and the surrounding vicinity.
 While some episodes dramatised the traditional Robin Hood tales, most episodes were original dramas created by the show's writers and producers.
Robin of Sherwood (retitled Robin Hood in the United States) is a British television series, based on the legend of Robin Hood.
 Created by Richard Carpenter, it was produced by HTV in association with Goldcrest, and ran from 1984 to 1986 on the ITV network.
 In America it was retitled "Robin Hood" and shown on the premium cable TV channel Showtime and, later, on PBS.
 The show starred Michael Praed and Jason Connery as two different incarnations of the title character.
 Unlike previous adaptations of the Robin Hood legend, "Robin of Sherwood" combined a gritty, authentic production design with elements of real-life history, 20th century fiction, and pagan myth.
 The series is also notable for its musical score by Clannad, which won a BAFTA award.
Robin Hood is a fictional character who is the protagonist in Walt Disney Productions series’ 21st animated feature film Robin Hood (1973).
 Robin Hood is voiced by Shakespearean and Tony Award winning actor Brian Bedford.
 The film is based on the legends of Robin Hood and Reynard the fox, a 12th century Alsatian fairy tale character, but uses anthropomorphic animals rather than people.
 The story follows the adventures of Robin Hood, Little John and the inhabitants of Nottingham as they fight against the excessive taxation of Prince John, and Robin Hood wins the hand of Maid Marian.
Robin Hood Daffy is a 1958 Warner Bros.
 Pictures, Inc theatrical cartoon comedy short, starring Daffy Duck (in the role of Robin Hood) and Porky Pig, as part of the Merrie Melodies series, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese.
 It was the last of Jones' parody cartoons with the duo, and the last appearance of Porky in a theatrical cartoon directed by Jones during the Golden Age of Animation.
 It was also the second parody of Robin Hood directed by Chuck Jones, after the 1949 Bugs Bunny short "Rabbit Hood".
 An edited version of "Robin Hood Daffy" was included in the theatrical film "The Bugs Bunny/Road Runner Movie" (1979).
Robin Hood: Men in Tights is a 1993 American musical adventure comedy film and a parody of the Robin Hood story.
 The film was produced and directed by Mel Brooks, co-written by Brooks, Evan Chandler, and J. David Shapiro based on a story by Chandler and Shapiro, and stars Cary Elwes, Richard Lewis, and Dave Chappelle in his film debut.
 It includes frequent comedic references to previous "Robin Hood" films (particularly "", upon which the plot is loosely structured, Disney's "Robin Hood", and the 1938 Errol Flynn adaptation, "The Adventures of Robin Hood").
Robyn Hod and the Shryff off Notyngham is the manuscript fragment of a late medieval play about Robin Hood, the earliest known Robin Hood playscript and the only surviving medieval script of a Robin Hood play.
 The manuscript dates from c1475, that is it is approximately as old as the earliest copies of the ballads.
 In addition to being incomplete the script has no scene or stage directions, and does not identify speakers, so it offers uncertainties of interpretation.
 However it has been interpreted as telling essentially the same story as Robin Hood and Guy of Gisborne .
 If correct this would confirm the medieval origin of the Gisbourne story.
 The play is also important for containing the earliest reference to Friar Tuck,"ffrere Tuke", as a member of Robin Hood's band.
