Heartbreakers is a 2001 caper-romantic comedy film directed by David Mirkin.
 It stars Sigourney Weaver, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Ray Liotta, Jason Lee, and Gene Hackman.
 Weaver was nominated for a Golden Satellite Award for her performance in the film.
 The plot revolves around an elaborate con set up by a mother-daughter team to swindle wealthy men out of their money, and what happens during their "last" con together.
The Expendables is a 2010 American ensemble action film written by David Callaham and Sylvester Stallone, and directed by Stallone, who also starred in the lead role.
 The film co-stars Jason Statham, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, Randy Couture, Terry Crews, Steve Austin and Mickey Rourke.
 The film was released in the United States on August 13, 2010.
 It is the first installment in "The Expendables" film series.
 This was Dolph Lundgren's first theatrically released film since 1995's "Johnny Mnemonic", and Steve Austin's last theatrical release film until 2013's "Grown Ups 2".
In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale, or simply In the Name of the King, is a 2007 German-Canadian-American action-fantasy film directed by Uwe Boll and starring Jason Statham, Claire Forlani, Leelee Sobieski, John Rhys-Davies, Ron Perlman and Ray Liotta.
 It is inspired by the "Dungeon Siege" video game series.
 The English-language film was an international (German, American, and Canadian) co-production and filmed in Canada.
 It premiered at the Brussels Festival of Fantastic Films in April 2007 and was released in theatres on November 2007.
War is a 2007 American action crime thriller film directed by Philip G. Atwell in his directorial debut and also featuring fight choreography by Corey Yuen.
 The film stars Jet Li and Jason Statham.
 The film was released in the United States on August 24, 2007.
 "War" features a collaboration between Jet Li and Jason Statham, reuniting them for the first time since 2001's "The One".
 Jason Statham plays an FBI agent determined to take down a mysterious assassin known as Rogue (played by Jet Li), after his partner is murdered.
Smokin' Aces is a 2006 American crime film, written and directed by Joe Carnahan.
 It stars Jeremy Piven as a Las Vegas magician turned mafia informant and Ryan Reynolds as the FBI agent assigned to protect him.
 This film was the official debut of R&B singer Grammy-winner Alicia Keys as an actress and rapper Grammy-winner Common as an actor, and also starred Ben Affleck, Jason Bateman, Andy García, Ray Liotta, Chris Pine and Matthew Fox.
 The film is set in Lake Tahoe and was mainly filmed at MontBleu Resort Casino & Spa, called the "Nomad Casino".
Revolver is a 2005 British-French crime thriller film co-written and directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Jason Statham, Ray Liotta, Vincent Pastore and André Benjamin.
 The film centres on a revenge-seeking confidence trickster whose weapon is a universal formula that guarantees victory to its user, when applied to any game or confidence trick.
Phoenix is a 1998 American crime film directed by British director Danny Cannon and starring Ray Liotta.
 Liotta plays a cop whose gambling debt leaves him indebted to the underworld and desperate to find a way out without compromising his principles.
Crank: High Voltage (billed as Crank 2: High Voltage in some regions and on DVD) is a 2009 American black comedy action film and the sequel to "Crank".
 The film was written and directed by Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor and stars Jason Statham reprising his role as Chev Chelios.
 The story of the film resumes shortly after the first film left off, retaining a similar over-the-top premise and adding more special effects.
 In the current film, the ex-hit man Chev Chelios finds out he must fight on his life once again as his true heart is transferred and he becomes equipped with an artificial heart, and he reveals he must get injected with electric shocks in order to stay alive and kill those who did it to him.
 Alongside Statham, the film also stars Dwight Yoakam, Bai Ling, Amy Smart who reprised her role as Eve, Efren Ramirez, Reno Wilson and Clifton Collins, Jr. .
Revenge of the Green Dragons is a 2014 crime drama film directed by Andrew Lau and Andrew Loo, written by Michael Di Jiacomo and Andrew Loo, with Martin Scorsese as an executive producer.
 The film stars Ray Liotta, Justin Chon, Shuya Chang, Harry Shum, Jr., Kevin Wu, and Billy Magnussen.
 The film is based on Frederic Dannen’s "New Yorker" article that chronicled the true story of Chinese-American gang life in 1980s and 1990s New York City.
Unforgettable is a 1996 thriller film with science fiction elements, directed by John Dahl, and starring Ray Liotta and Linda Fiorentino.
 The film is about a man named David Krane (Liotta), who is obsessed with finding out who murdered his wife.
