The Galata Bridge (Turkish: "Galata Köprüsü" , ] ) is a bridge that spans the Golden Horn in Istanbul, Turkey.
 From the end of the 19th century in particular, the bridge has featured in Turkish literature, theater, poetry and novels.
Kalenderhane Mosque (Turkish: "Kalenderhane Camii" ) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul, converted into a mosque by the Ottomans.
 With high probability the church was originally dedicated to the Theotokos Kyriotissa.
 The building is sometimes referred to as Kalender Haneh Jamissi and St. Mary Diaconissa.
 This building represents one among the few extant examples of a Byzantine church with domed Greek cross plan.
The Golden Horn Metro Bridge (Turkish: "Haliç Metro Köprüsü" ) is a cable-stayed bridge along the M2 line of the Istanbul Metro, spanning the Golden Horn in Istanbul, Turkey.
 It connects the Beyoğlu and Fatih districts on the European side of Istanbul, and is located between the Galata Bridge and Atatürk Bridge, approximately 200 m east of the latter.
 It is the fourth bridge across the Golden Horn and entered service on February 15, 2014.
 The bridge enables a direct connection between the Hacıosman metro station in the Sarıyer district (at the northern end of the M2 line), with the Yenikapı transport hub in the Fatih district (at the southern end of the M2 line.)
The Port of Istanbul is a passenger terminal for cruise liners, which is situated at Karaköy neighborhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul, Turkey.
 It consists of two adjoining piers, the Galata Pier and the Salıpazarı Pier, extending from the Galata Bridge on the Golden Horn to Salıpazarı on the west coast of the Bosporus.
 It is owned and operated by the state-owned Turkish Maritime Lines (TDİ).
Eminönü is a former district of Istanbul in Turkey, currently a quarter of Fatih, the province's capital district.
 This is the heart of the walled city of Constantine, the focus of a history of incredible richness.
 Eminönü covers roughly the area on which the ancient Byzantium was built.
 The Galata Bridge crosses the Golden Horn into Eminönü and the mouth of the Bosphorus opens into the Marmara Sea.
 And up on the hill stands Topkapı Palace, the Blue Mosque (Sultanahmet Camii) and Hagia Sophia (Aya Sofya).
 Thus Eminönü is the main tourist destination in Istanbul.
 It was a part of the Fatih district until 1928, which covered the whole peninsular area (the old Stamboul) within the Roman city walls - that area which was formerly the Byzantine capital Constantinople.
 Since the resident population of Eminönü is low today, it rejoined the capital district Fatih in 2009.
Hasan Fehmi Bey (1874 – April 6, 1909) was the editor-in-chief of "Serbestî", an Ottoman newspaper, in which he wrote articles against the newly emerging Committee of Union and Progress.
 He was murdered by unidentified assailants on the evening of April 6, 1909, as he was crossing the Galata Bridge in Istanbul.
That Man in Istanbul (Spanish: Estambul 65 , Italian: Colpo grosso a Galata Bridge , French: L'Homme d'Istamboul ) is a 1965 English-language European international co-production adventure film directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and starring Horst Buchholz.
 It was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures.
The Yeni Cami (pronounced "Yeni jami"), meaning New Mosque; originally named the Valide Sultan Mosque (Turkish: "Valide Sultan Camii" ) and later New Valide Sultan Mosque (Turkish: "Yeni Valide Sultan Camii" ) after its partial reconstruction and completion between 1660 and 1665; is an Ottoman imperial mosque located in the Eminönü quarter of Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is situated on the Golden Horn, at the southern end of the Galata Bridge, and is one of the famous architectural landmarks of Istanbul.
Vefa is a quarter in Istanbul, Turkey.
 It is part of the district of Fatih and managed as borough of Mollahüsrev, inside the walled city.
 It belonged to the district of Eminönü between 1928 and 2008.
 It lies roughly northwest of the eastern section of the Aqueduct of Valens, and is rich of monuments, both Byzantine, like the mosques of Kalenderhane and Vefa Kilise, and Ottoman, like the Süleymaniye Mosque.
 It is a picturesque quarter, home of the Vefa SK, one of the historic soccer clubs of Istanbul, and of the oldest Boza shop of the city still active.
Galata (in Greek was known as Galatás, Γαλατᾶς) was a neighbourhood opposite Constantinople (today's Istanbul, Turkey), located at the northern shore of the Golden Horn, the inlet which separates it from the historic peninsula of old Constantinople.
 The Golden Horn is crossed by several bridges, most notably the Galata Bridge.
 The medieval citadel of Galata was a colony of the Republic of Genoa between 1273 and 1453.
 The famous Galata Tower was built by the Genoese in 1348 at the northernmost and highest point of the citadel.
 At present, Galata is a quarter within the borough of Beyoğlu (Pera) in Istanbul, and is known as Karaköy.
