Pimelea arenaria, also known as Pimelea villosa, is a species of shrub in the family Thymelaeaceae.
 It is endemic to New Zealand.
 Its conservation status puts it at risk and declining, as determined by the New Zealand Threat Classification System (NZTCS).
Pimelea hispida, commonly known as Bristly pimelea, is a species of small shrub, of the family Thymelaeaceae.
 It is native to Australia.
Pimelea rosea is a species of small shrub, of the family Thymelaeaceae.
 It is native to Australia, and is found mostly along the southwestern coast.
 It is not considered threatened.
Pimelea brachyphylla is a species of small shrub that belongs to the family Thymelaeaceae.
 It is native to Western Australia.
 It is not considered to be threatened at this time.
Pink pimelea (Pimelea spicata) is an endangered plant, native to New South Wales, Australia.
 It is also known as rice flower.
Pimelea virgata is a species of small shrub, of the family Thymelaeaceae.
 It is native to Australia.
Pimelea ciliolaris is a species of small shrub of the family Thymelaeaceae.
 It is native to Australia.
Pimelea longifolia, also known as long-leaved pimelea and tāranga, is a small shrub native to New Zealand.
Meterana meyricci is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 It was described and named by George Hampson in 1911 as "Miselia meyricci".
 It is endemic to New Zealand and has been collected in and around Otago.
 The larvae of this species feed on "Pimelea" species, including "Pimelea poppelwellii".
 Adults tend to found on the wing during the months of January to March.
Pimelea actea is a small coastal plant native to New Zealand.
 It was named and described by Colin J. Burrows in 2008 as part of a revision of the New Zealand "Pimelea", a project he had begun as a Master's thesis in the 1950s and continued in his retirement.
 Burrows described the species, which for some time had been referred to as "Pimelea" "Turakina", from a specimen collected in 1968, now in the Auckland Museum.
 Its species name, "actea", means "coastal".
