Thomas Lee Barrett, Jr. (born 1944), better known professionally as Pastor T.L. Barrett and Rev. T.L. Barrett, is an American Pentecostal preacher and gospel musician.
 Barrett is a preacher on Chicago's South Side who released gospel albums in the 1970s; as a musician, he was largely unknown outside of Chicago until a resurgence in interest in his music occurred in the 2010s.
Charles H. Ellis III (born 1958) is an American Apostolic Pentecostal preacher, author and the current Presiding Bishop of the Pentecostal Assemblies of the World.
 He is the pastor of the 6,000 member Greater Grace Temple in Detroit, Michigan.
 He is also the son of Michigan preacher and civic leader, Bishop David L. Ellis, Sr.
Once More is the fifth duet album by Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton, released in August 1970.
 It contained the #4 country single "Daddy Was an Old Time Preacher Man," written by Parton and Dorothy Jo Hope (Parton's aunt) about Rev. Jake Owens, Parton's maternal grandfather, a Pentecostal minister, as well as the comical "Fight and Scratch."
Suckin' It for the Holidays is a Grammy-nominated comedy album recorded live in New Jersey by American stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin.
 It was released solely online shortly before the Grammy nominations cut-off, in her second attempt to win the award.
 Her first comedy album, "For Your Consideration", did receive a best comedy album nomination in 2008 but George Carlin posthumously won the award for "It's Bad for Ya".
Hector Avalos (born October 8, 1958) is a professor of Religious Studies at Iowa State University and the author of several books about religion.
 He is an atheist activist and advocate of secular humanist ethics and a former Pentecostal preacher and child evangelist.
Samuel Burl "Sam" Kinison (December 8, 1953 – April 10, 1992) was an American stand-up comedian and actor.
 He was known for his intense, harsh and politically incorrect humor.
 A former Pentecostal preacher, he performed stand-up routines that were most often characterized by an intense style, similar to charismatic preachers, and punctuated by his trademark scream.
Jonathan Harshman Winters III (November 11, 1925 – April 11, 2013) was an American comedian, actor, author, and artist.
 Beginning in 1960, Winters recorded many classic comedy albums for the Verve Records label.
 He also had records released every decade for over 50 years, receiving 11 Grammy nominations for Best Comedy Album during his career and winning a Grammy Award for Best Album for Children for his contribution to an adaptation of "The Little Prince" in 1975 and the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album for "Crank(y) Calls" in 1996.
The Steve Martin Brothers, released on LP in 1981, is a comedy album by American actor Steve Martin.
 The album, the last stand-up comedy album released by Martin, was released on compact disc in 2006 by Wounded Bird Records.
Leader of the Banned is the third Sam Kinison comedy album released in 1990.
 He performs tracks of classic rock songs by bands such as AC/DC, Mountain, Cheap Trick, and The Rolling Stones.
Jerky Boys 2 is the second comedy album released by prank call artists, the Jerky Boys.
 The album was released in 1994 and was the final Jerky Boys album released on the Select Records label, distributed by Atlantic Records.
 It went Platinum as well as the first album.
 This album was also nominated for a Grammy Award at the 1995's Grammy's for Best Comedy Album, but lost to Sam Kinison's "Live From Hell".
