Devon Bostick (born November 13, 1991) is a Canadian actor, best known for playing the lead role in the Atom Egoyan-directed film "Adoration", Brent in "Saw VI" and Rodrick Heffley in the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" movies.
 He portrayed Jasper Jordan on The CW show, "The 100" from 2014 to 2017.
Caroline Cave is a Canadian film, television and stage actor, known for her roles in the films "This Beautiful City", "One Week", "The War Bride" and "Saw VI", and the television series "Cra$h & Burn".
 She has also had guest roles in "The L Word", "Haven", "Stargate Atlantis", "Kevin Hill", "The Associates", "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency", and "Die neue Prophezeiung der Maya (End of the World) 2013.
 She recently co-starred in the 2015 Lifetime TV movie Accidental Obsession.
Saw VI is a 2009 American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan.
 It is the sixth installment in the "Saw" franchise and stars Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor, Betsy Russell, Mark Rolston, Peter Outerbridge, and Shawnee Smith.
 It was produced by Mark Burg and Oren Koules of Twisted Pictures and distributed by Lionsgate.
Scott Gordon Patterson (born September 11, 1958) is an American actor and musician.
 He is known for his role as Luke Danes in "Gilmore Girls" and Agent Strahm in "Saw IV", "Saw V" and "Saw VI".
 He also starred as Michael Buchanan in the NBC drama series "The Event" and as a Tenctonese alien commander in the TV film "".
John Kramer—known as The Jigsaw Killer or simply Jigsaw—is a fictional character and appearing in the "Saw" franchise as the main antagonist.
 Jigsaw made his debut in the first film of the series, "Saw", and he later appeared in "Saw II", "Saw III", "Saw IV", "Saw V", "Saw VI", "Saw 3D" and, eventually, "Jigsaw".
 He is portrayed by American actor Tobin Bell.
Peter Outerbridge (born June 30, 1966) is a Canadian actor, best known for his role as Ari Tasarov in the CW action series "Nikita", Dr. David Sandström in the TMN series "ReGenesis", Henrik "Hank" Johanssen in "Orphan Black", Bob Corbett in "Bomb Girls", William Easton in "Saw VI" and George Brown in the television film "".
 He also played the lead role of Detective William Murdoch in a three-episode mini-series, "The Murdoch Mysteries", in its initial run on Canadian television, with two episodes shown in 2004 and a third in 2005.
Marcus Dunstan (born April 14, 1978) is an American screenplay writer and director who, along with Patrick Melton, wrote screenplay for the film "Feast", which was the winner of Season Three of the filmmaking competition reality TV series "Project Greenlight".
 Dunstan has since written the screenplays for "Feast", "", "", "The Collector", "Saw IV", "Saw V", "Saw VI", and "Saw 3D", and in some cases, making cameo appearances in those films as well.
François Sagat (born 5 June 1979) is a French male gay pornographic film actor, model and director who has also appeared in mainstream media.
 He is best known for his rugged looks and scalp tattoo.
 He has appeared at times as a fashion model and starting 2009, he appeared in cinematic roles in films for the general public including "Saw VI" (2009) and lead roles in "L.A. Zombie" (2010) and "Man at Bath" (2010).
 In 2011, he started directing and producing with the "François Sagat's Incubus" adult film series.
 That same year, Sagat was highlighted in the cinema series "François Sagat: The New Leading Man" presented at the Museum of Arts and Design in New York City.
 In addition to screening his pornographic and non-pornographic roles, the series included a master class by Sagat on his approach to performance.
 In 2013, he launched his fashion line KICKSAGAT and announced his retirement from porn.
George Young Newbern (born December 30, 1964) is an American actor and voice actor, best known for his roles as Bryan MacKenzie in "Father of the Bride" (1991) and its sequel "Father of the Bride Part II" as well as Danny (The Yeti) in "Friends".
 He is also well known for his recurring role as Julia's son Payne in "Designing Women" and for providing the voices of Superman from the "Justice League" and "Justice League Unlimited" animated series, as well as Nooj and Sephiroth from the "Final Fantasy" series and the "Kingdom Hearts" series.
 He is known for his voice role as Bark in "Pup Star".
 He is also known for having appeared in "Saw VI" as well as his role as "Charlie" on the hit TV show "Scandal".
Saw VI: Original Motion Picture Score is the film score to "Saw VI".
 It was composed by Charlie Clouser.
