SMPTE color bars is a television test pattern used where the NTSC video standard is utilized, including countries in North America.
 The Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE) refers to this test pattern as Engineering Guideline EG 1-1990.
 The components of this pattern are a known standard.
 Comparing this pattern as received to the known standard gives video engineers an indication of how an NTSC video signal has been altered by recording or transmission and what adjustments must be made to bring it back to specification.
 The pattern is also used for setting a television monitor or receiver to reproduce NTSC chrominance and luminance information correctly.
 The color bar test pattern was originally conceived by Norbert D. Larky of RCA Laboratories and first published in RCA Licensee Bulletin LB-819 on February 7, 1951.
 U.S. patent 2,742,525 Color Test Pattern Generator was awarded on April 17, 1956 to Norbert D. Larky and David D. Holmes.
 Previously categorized by SMPTE as ECR 1-1978, the development of this test pattern was awarded an Engineering Emmy in 2001-2002.
Idaho National Laboratory ran the Aurora Generator Test in 2007 to demonstrate how a cyber attack could destroy physical components of the electric grid.
 The experiment used a computer program to rapidly open and close a diesel generator's circuit breakers out of phase from the rest of the grid and cause it to explode.
 This vulnerability is referred to as the "Aurora Vulnerability".
The Philips PM5544 is a television pattern generator, most commonly used to provide a television station with a complex test card commonly referred to as a Philips Pattern or PTV Circle.
 The content and layout of the pattern was designed by engineer Finn Hendil (1939-2011) in the Philips TV laboratory in Copenhagen under supervision of chief engineer Erik Helmer Nielsen in 1966-67.
 The equipment, PM5544, which generates the pattern, was then made by engineer Finn Hendil and his group in 1968-69.
 Since the introduction of the PM5544 in the early 1970s, the Philips Pattern has become one of the most commonly used test cards, with only the SMPTE bars and the BBC Test Card F coming close to its usage.
A function generator is usually a piece of electronic test equipment or software used to generate different types of electrical waveforms over a wide range of frequencies.
 Some of the most common waveforms produced by the function generator are the sine, square, triangular and sawtooth shapes.
 These waveforms can be either repetitive or single-shot (which requires an internal or external trigger source).
 Integrated circuits used to generate waveforms may also be described as function generator ICs.
In computing, a hardware random number generator (true random number generator, TRNG) is a device that generates random numbers from a physical process, rather than a computer program.
 Such devices are often based on microscopic phenomena that generate low-level, statistically random "noise" signals, such as thermal noise, the photoelectric effect, involving a beam splitter, and other quantum phenomena.
 These stochastic processes are, in theory, completely unpredictable, and the theory's assertions of unpredictability are subject to experimental test.
 A hardware random number generator typically consists of a transducer to convert some aspect of the physical phenomena to an electrical signal, an amplifier and other electronic circuitry to increase the amplitude of the random fluctuations to a measurable level, and some type of analog to digital converter to convert the output into a digital number, often a simple binary digit 0 or 1.
 By repeatedly sampling the randomly varying signal, a series of random numbers is attained.
A digital pattern generator is a piece of electronic test equipment or software used to generate digital electronics stimuli.
 Digital electronics stimuli are a specific kind of electrical waveform varying between two conventional voltages that correspond to two logic states ("low state" and "high state", "0" and "1").
 The main purpose of a digital pattern generator is to stimulate the inputs of a digital electronic device.
 For that reason, the voltage levels generated by a digital pattern generator are often compatible with digital electronics I/O standards – TTL, LVTTL, LVCMOS and LVDS, for instance.
A sweep generator is a piece of electronic test equipment similar to, and sometimes included on, a function generator which creates an electrical waveform with a linearly varying frequency and a constant amplitude.
 Sweep generators are commonly used to test the frequency response of electronic filter circuits.
 These circuits are mostly transistor circuits with inductors and capacitors to create linear characteristics.
KISS (Keep it Simple Stupid) is a family of pseudorandom number generators introduced by George Marsaglia.
 Starting from 1998 Marsaglia posted on various newsgroups including sci.math, comp.lang.c, comp.lang.fortran and sci.stat.math several versions of the generators.
 All KISS generators combine three or four independent random number generators with a view to improving the quality of randomness.
 KISS generators produce 32-bit or 64-bit random integers, from which random floating-point numbers can be constructed if desired.
 The original 1993 generator is based on the combination of a linear congruential generator and of two linear feedback shift-register generators.
 It has a period 2, good speed and good statistical properties; however, it fails the LinearComplexity test in the Crush and BigCrush tests of the TestU01 suite.
 A newer version from 1999 is based on a linear congruential generator, a 3-shift linear feedback shift-register and two multiply-with-carry generators.
 It is 10-20% slower than the 1993 version but has a larger period 2 and passes all tests in TestU01.
 In 2009 Marsaglia presented a version based on 64-bit integers (appropriate for 64-bit processors) which combines a multiply-with-carry generator, a Xorshift generator and a linear congruential generator.
 It has a period of around 2 (around 10).
ATPG (acronym for both Automatic Test Pattern Generation and Automatic Test Pattern Generator) is an electronic design automation method/technology used to find an input (or test) sequence that, when applied to a digital circuit, enables automatic test equipment to distinguish between the correct circuit behavior and the faulty circuit behavior caused by defects.
 The generated patterns are used to test semiconductor devices after manufacture, or to assist with determining the cause of failure (failure analysis).
 The effectiveness of ATPG is measured by the number of modeled defects, or fault models, detectable and by the number of generated patterns.
 These metrics generally indicate test quality (higher with more fault detections) and test application time (higher with more patterns).
 ATPG efficiency is another important consideration that is influenced by the fault model under consideration, the type of circuit under test (full scan, synchronous sequential, or asynchronous sequential), the level of abstraction used to represent the circuit under test (gate, register-transfer, switch), and the required test quality.
A laboratory information management system (LIMS), sometimes referred to as a laboratory information system (LIS) or laboratory management system (LMS), is a software-based laboratory and information management system with features that support a modern laboratory's operations.
 Key features include—but are not limited to—workflow and data tracking support, flexible architecture, and data exchange interfaces, which fully "support its use in regulated environments".
 The features and uses of a LIMS have evolved over the years from simple sample tracking to an enterprise resource planning tool that manages multiple aspects of laboratory informatics.
