Ayahuasca is a full length studio album by Chinese-American artist Baiyu released on December 1, 2013.
 This is the artist's second full length project and is inspired by her psychedelic and soul exploratory experiences in the Amazon regions of Pucallpa, Peru.
 This is her first effort to not only take full rein on songwriting for the entire project, but also a first for producing the instrumentals for two of the fourteen tracks.
Study after Velázquez is a large 1950 panel painting by the Irish born, English artist Francis Bacon.
 After "Head VI", it is the second of Bacon's long series of paintings influenced by Diego Velázquez's 1650 "Portrait of Innocent X".
 The panel shows a full length view of the pope, engulfed in vertical folds that may be either the linings of a curtain or the bars of a cage.
Ship of Fools (painted c. 1490–1500) is a painting by Hieronymus Bosch, now on display in the Musée du Louvre, Paris.
 The surviving painting is a fragment of a triptych that was cut into several parts.
 "The Ship of Fools" was painted on one of the wings of the altarpiece, and is about two thirds of its original length.
 The bottom third of the panel belongs to Yale University Art Gallery and is exhibited under the title "Allegory of Gluttony".
 The wing on the other side, which has more or less retained its full length, is the "Death and the Miser", now in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C..
 The two panels together would have represented the two extremes of prodigality and miserliness, condemning and caricaturing both.
FLJ20097 Entrez Nucleotide Homo sapiens coiled-coil domain containing 132 (CCDC132), transcript variant 1, mRNA is a gene located in chromosome 7 of the human genomeCCDC132 coiled-coil domain containing 132 Homo sapiens which encodes full length protein Coil-Coil Domain Containing 132.
 CDC132 is 964 amino acids in length, consists of 2 domains (DUF2450 and DUF2451) and has been published in 2 isoforms: one full length Entrez Protein CCDC132 Isoform A Homo Sapiens and one truncated near the end of DUF2450 Entrez Protein CCDC132 isoform B Homo Sapiens.
 Protein alignments among several vertebrate orthologs of CCDC132 have shown it to be very well conserved in vertebrates, often exhibiting upwards of 95% conservation.
The Cobbe portrait is an early Jacobean panel painting of a gentleman which has been argued to be a life portrait of William Shakespeare.
 It is displayed at Hatchlands Park in Surrey, a National Trust property, and the portrait is so-called because of its ownership by Charles Cobbe, Church of Ireland (Anglican) Archbishop of Dublin (1686–1765).
 There are numerous early copies of the painting, most of which were once identified as Shakespeare.
 The Cobbe original was only identified in the collection of the Anglo-Irish Cobbe family in 2006, and had until then been completely unknown to the world.
 Evidence uncovered by researchers at the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust led to the claim, presented in March 2009, that the portrait is of William Shakespeare and painted from life.
 Many scholars dismiss this theory and have provided evidence to identify the portrait as one of Sir Thomas Overbury The portrait has been the centrepiece of two exhibitions dedicated to it: "Shakespeare Found: a Life Portrait" at the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust, Stratford-upon-Avon, from April–October 2009 and "The Changing Face of William Shakespeare" at the Morgan Library and Museum, New York, from February–May 2011.
 An illustrated catalogue provides details of the painting and its provenance.
Dr. Ashley William Joseph (born 3 October 1965) is the founder and Director of the William Joseph International Academy for Performing Arts, Chairman of the William Joseph Music Foundation, Director and Conductor of the 100-year-old Bangalore Musical Association, and Founder Director and Conductor of the Indian National Symphony Orchestra.
William Joseph Weaver (1759-1817) was an artist born in London who came to prominence in North America.
 He is perhaps most famous for his portrait of Alexander Hamilton which hangs in the United States State Department, and his full length portrait of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Strathearn, which hangs in Province House (Nova Scotia), Canada.
 He also worked for Joseph Booth's Polygraphic Society.
Martin Luther is a public artwork by German artist Ernst Friedrich August Rietschel, located at Luther Place Memorial Church in Washington, D.C., United States.
 Martin Luther was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture!
 survey in 1993.
 The monument is a bronze full length portrait dedicated to theologian Martin Luther.
Lewis William Buck (1784–1858) of Moreton House, Bideford, and Hartland Abbey, Devon, was Member of Parliament for Exeter 1826–32 and for North Devon 1839–57, and was Sheriff of Devon in 1825/6.
 A full length portrait of Lewis William Buck by Francis Grant (1803–1878) was presented to him by the people of North Devon after he had served eighteen years as their MP, now displayed in the billiards room of Hartland Abbey, with his electioneering posters on each side.
The Hookers are an American hardcore punk band based in Louisville, Kentucky.
 Originally formed in Lexington, Kentucky in 1994 as the Fayette County Hookers, the name was shortened before their first independent release "Kiss My Fuckin Ass" 7" EP in 1996.
 Their first full length album, "Satan's Highway", was released on Scooch Pooch records in 1998 and followed closely by the "Listen Up, Baby!"
 split LP with Electric Frankenstein in the same year.
 On various independent labels, The Hookers released two more full length albums: "Black Visions of Crimson Wisdom" in 1999 and "Equinox Beyond Tomorrow Volume 1" in 2001.
 The band recorded the "Blood Over Germany" live album in 2001 on Century Media Records.
 After 2001, The Hookers were considered to be inactive as their heretofore intensive touring and release schedule was curtailed.
 Their song "The Legend of Black Thunder" was included on Tony Hawk's Underground videogame soundtrack in 2003.
 In 2008, the band put out an ersatz greatest hits record of live and unreleased tracks titled "Ripped From The Crypt" and once again became active with multiple EP and split EP releases.
 The Hookers are currently touring in support of their fourth independent full length release, 2011's "Horror Rises from the Tombs" .
