The 2003 Canada Masters – Doubles was the men's doubles event of the one hundred and fourteenth edition of the Canada Masters; a WTA Tier I tournament and the most prestigious men's tennis tournament held in Canada.
 Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions but lost in the semifinals to Jonas Björkman and Todd Woodbridge.
 Mahesh Bhupathi and Max Mirnyi won in the final 6–3, 7–6 against Björkman and Woodbridge.
The Bryan Brothers are identical twin brothers Robert Charles "Bob" Bryan and Michael Carl "Mike" Bryan, American professional doubles tennis players, and are the most successful duo of all time.
 They were born on April 29, 1978, with Mike being the elder by two minutes.
 The Bryans have won multiple Olympic medals, including the gold in 2012 and have won more professional games, matches, tournaments and Grand Slams than any other men's pairing.
 They have held the World No. 1 doubles ranking jointly for 438 weeks (as of October 25, 2015), which is longer than anyone else in doubles history, and have also enjoyed that world number one ranking together for a record 139 consecutive weeks.
 They have also finished as the ATP year-end number 1 doubles team a record 10 times.
 Between 2005 and 2006, they set an Open Era record by competing in seven consecutive men's doubles Grand Slam finals.
The history of tennis in New Zealand dates back to the 1870s, the decade when the development of modern tennis began.
 The first "New Zealand Tennis Championships" were played at Farndon in Hawkes Bay in 1886.
 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association (NZLTA) was formed at a meeting held in Hastings in December 1886.
 Shortly after its inauguration, the New Zealand Association became affiliated with the Lawn Tennis Association (England).
 In 1904 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association amalgamated with six Australian state tennis associations to form the Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia.
 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association played a significant role in the origin of the Australian Open.
 Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia created the tournament called "The Australasian Mens Championships" (which later became Australian Open) in 1905 and was first played in Warehouseman's Cricket Ground and it was decided that championships would be hosted by both Australian as well as New Zealand venues.
 New Zealand hosted the championship twice— Christchurch (1906) and Hastings (1912).
 The geographical remoteness of both the countries (Australia and New Zealand) made it difficult for foreign players to enter the tournament.
 In Christchurch in 1906, of a small field of 10 players, only two Australians attended, and the tournament was won by a New Zealander (Tony Wilding).
 Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia was one of the twelve national associations of tennis which established the International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF) in a conference in Paris, France on 1 March 1913.
 From 1905 until 1919, New Zealand and Australian tennis players participated in the International Lawn Tennis Challenge (Davis Cup) under the alias of "Team Australasia", the team claimed a title six times (1907, 1908, 1909, 1911, 1914, 1919), however, there were attempts to severance this trans-tasmanian partnership, in order to allow New Zealand players to represent their nation on international tennis events.
 In 1922, New Zealand dropped out from this partnership and on 16 March 1923 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association was granted affiliation to the International Lawn Tennis Association and thereby became eligible to enter the International Lawn Tennis Challenge in its own right.
 New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association filed its first challenge with United States Lawn Tennis Association for 1924 International Lawn Tennis Challenge.
 Tennis New Zealand was the founding member of Oceania Tennis Federation in 1993.
The 1912 World Hard Court Championships (WHCC) (French: "Championnats du Monde de Tennis sur Terre Battue") was the inaugural edition of the World Hard Court Championships tennis tournament, considered as the precursor to the French Open, and was held on the clay courts of the Stade Français at the Parc de Saint-Cloud in Paris from 1 June through 9 June 1912.
 This tournament was open to all international amateur tennis players and was part of a series of world championships being advanced by the International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF), the others being the World Grass Court Championships (Wimbledon) and the World Covered Court Championships held in a variety of countries.
 The WHCC was open to all nationalities unlike the French Championships which were open only to tennis players who were licensed in France.
Athletic DNA (ADNA) is an American sports apparel company.
 Founded in Seattle in 2007, ADNA began by training young tennis athletes, which evolved into sponsoring Select Junior Tennis players, and then expanded to manufacturing clothing for youth and adult tennis players.
 ADNA has since spread to professional tennis, and currently sponsors players on the ATP Tour & WTA Tour.
William Bowrey was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Ray Ruffels.
The Virginia Slims Circuit was a tennis tour consisting of a group of originally nine female professional players.
 Formed in 1970, the Virginia Slims Circuit eventually became the basis for the later named WTA Tour.
 The players, dubbed the "Original 9", rebelled against the United States Lawn Tennis Association (USLTA) due to the wide inequality between the amount of prize money paid to male tennis players and to female tennis players.
The 2007 Tennis Channel Open was a tennis event on the 2007 ATP Tour.
 Lleyton Hewitt, who was the 2006 runner-up, was the singles champion, while Bob and Mike Bryan were the doubles champions.
 The event was held in Las Vegas, Nevada at the Darling Tennis Center.
 It was the twentieth Tennis Channel Open, but just the second to be held in Las Vegas.
 The ITF women's competition was won by Caroline Wozniacki in singles and by Victoria Azarenka and Tatiana Poutchek for doubles.
Ray Ruffels and Allan Stone were the defending champions.
The 1972 New Zealand Open, also known as Benson and Hedges Open for sponsorship reasons, was a combined men's and women's professional tennis tournament held at the Stanley Street Courts in Auckland, New Zealand.
 It was an independent event, i.e. not part of the 1972 Grand Prix or 1972 World Championship Tennis circuit.
 The tournament was played on outdoor grass courts and was held from 7 December through 12 December 1971.
 Ray Ruffels and Kerry Melville won the singles titles.
