Frederick King Goodwin (born April 21, 1936) is an American psychiatrist and Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the George Washington University Medical Center, where he is also director of the Center on Neuroscience, Medical Progress, and Society.
 He is a specialist in bipolar disorder (also known as manic-depressive illness) and recurrent depression.
William Frederick King CMG FRSC (February 19, 1854 – April 23, 1916) was a Canadian surveyor, astronomer, and civil servant.
Klete D. Keller (born March 21, 1982) is an American former competition swimmer who won medals at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics in the 400-meter freestyle and the 4×200-meter freestyle relay.
 In the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, Keller held off a charging Ian Thorpe in the anchor leg to win the race by 0.13 seconds.
 This was the first time Australia had been beaten in the event in over seven years.
 The American relay of Michael Phelps, Ryan Lochte, Peter Vanderkaay, and Keller are undefeated since the Athens games.
 Vanderkaay, Larsen Jensen, Erik Vendt, and Keller make up the core of the premier American mid-distance/distance freestyle swimmers.
Ian Schneider (born October 3, 1992), is an independent American film director and screenwriter.
ApprenNet is a Philadelphia-based educational technology startup company founded in 2011 by Emily Foote and Drexel University School of Law Professor Karl Okamoto that provides apprenticeship-like job experiences online.
Frederick King (21 November 1850 – 16 June 1893) was an English first-class cricketer active 1871 who played for Kent.
 He was born in Harbledown; died in Hammersmith.
Colby Keller (born October 18, 1980) is an American visual artist, blogger, and pornographic film actor.
 His career in porn film started in 2004 at Sean Cody and has since expanded to include such studios as Cocksure Men, Randy Blue, Titan Men, Falcon, CockyBoys and Men.com.
 Keller has amassed a large fan base with both his films and his long-standing blog, "The Big Shoe Diaries".
 He has been nominated for a number of awards and in 2013, World of Wonder awarded him the WOWie Award for Best Blog.
 Keller is nominated for 8 2015 Grabby Awards.
 Keller has also appeared in the short, Zolushka, a queer retelling of Cinderella and the popular series Capitol Hill both by the cult filmmaker Wes Hurley.
"The Frost King" was a short story about King Jack Frost written by 11-year-old Helen Keller.
 Keller's teacher, Anne Sullivan, had mentioned that the autumn leaves were "painted ruby, emerald, gold, crimson, and brown," and Keller, by her own account, imagined fairies doing the work.
 Keller wrote a story about how a cask of jewels, being transported by fairy servants, had melted in the sun and covered the leaves.
 As a birthday gift, Keller sent the story to Michael Anagnos, head of the Perkins School for the Blind, who published the story in "The Mentor," the Perkins alumni magazine.
 It was picked up by "The Goodson Gazette", a journal on deaf-blind education, based in Virginia.
Captain Cecil Frederick King (19 February 1899 – 24 January 1919), Military Cross, Distinguished Flying Cross, French Croix de Guerre was a World War I fighter ace credited with 22 aerial victories.
Frederick King Keller (born 1954 in Buffalo, New York) is an American director, producer and screenwriter for film and television.
 He is also credited under the names Frederick K. Keller, Fred K. Keller and Fred Keller.
 He is the son of actor/screenwriter .
 His father was a television pioneer who produced and directed the first weekly dramatic series seen on television.Besides acting and directing in theater his father also ran several art house movie theaters in Buffalo which the young Fred became intimately involved with and which formed the root of his cinematic education.
