Form 8-K is a very broad form used to notify investors in United States public companies of specified events that may be important to shareholders or the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
 This is one of the most common types of forms filed with the SEC.
 After a significant event like bankruptcy or departure of a CEO, a public company generally must file a Current Report on Form 8-K within four business days to provide an update to previously filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and/or Annual Reports on Form 10-K.
 Form 8-K is required to be filed by public companies with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 For a list of events that would trigger a Form 8-K to be filed, see the Official SEC Form 8-K Summary, briefly below, and this fully annotated Form 8-K, which contains links to all rules and SEC guidance applicable to the form.
"Right Back at It Again" is the second track and the first single from A Day to Remember's fifth album, "Common Courtesy" (2013).
 In October 20, 2015, the song was featured in Activision rhythm-music game, "".
Yameen is a hiphop producer from Philadelphia, PA.
 His most recent work, "Come On & Go Off" was released on September 2nd, 2014 on Rumble Pack Records.
 His music can be heard weekly on the Activision videogames podcast, One of Swords where he is also occasionally a guest commentator.
Intellivision Rocks is the PC-only sequel to the original PC version of "Intellivision Lives!
".
 As with "Intellivision Lives!"
, "Intellivision Rocks" is a collection of games which were originally found on the Intellivision, presented in emulated form.
 It mainly features 3rd-party games from Activision and Imagic.
 In addition, several unreleased games are included.
Raven Software (or Raven Entertainment Software, Inc.) is an American video game developing company based in Wisconsin and founded in 1990.
 In 1997, Raven made an exclusive publishing deal with Activision and was subsequently acquired by them.
 After the acquisition, many of the studio's original developers, largely responsible for creating the "Heretic" and "" games, left to form Human Head Studios.
Guitar Hero 5 (initially referred to as Guitar Hero V) is a music rhythm game and the fifth main entry in the "Guitar Hero" series.
 The game was developed by Neversoft and published by Activision, and released internationally in September 2009 for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, 3 and Wii consoles.
 Similar to the preceding title, "Guitar Hero World Tour", "Guitar Hero 5" is geared towards playing in a four-person band experience, including lead and bass guitar, drums, and vocals.
 The game is available as a standalone title, allowing players to use existing compatible instrument controllers, and as a bundle that provides these controllers.
 "Guitar Hero 5" adds several new features, such as drop-in/drop-out play, bands composed of any combination of available instruments, a Rockfest competitive mode consisting of several various scoring mechanisms, and both song-specific and general Challenges to unlock new avatars, clothing, and other extras in the game.
 Many of these changes were added to make the game a more social experience, allowing players across a range of skill levels to be able to play cooperatively and competitively against each other both locally and online.
The sural nerve is a sensory nerve in the calf region (sura) of the leg.
 It is made up of collateral branches of the tibial nerve and common fibular nerve.
 Two cutaneous branches, the medial and lateral, form the sural nerve.
 The medial cutaneous branch arises from the tibial nerve, and the lateral cutaneous branch arises from the common fibular nerve.
 The tibial nerve and the common fibular nerve arise as the sciatic nerve divides into two branches in the popliteal fossa.
 As the tibial nerve travels down the popliteal fossa, and before it goes beneath the gastrocnemius, it gives off a cutaneous branch which is the medial sural cutaneous nerve.
 This nerve courses laterally over the lateral head of the gastrocnemius.
 The common fibular nerve also gives off a small cutaneous branch which is the lateral sural cutaneous nerve.
 When the common fibular nerve is divided from the sciatic nerve, it travels parallel to the distal portion of the biceps femoris muscle and towards the fibular head.
 The small cutaneous branch arises as the common fibular nerve travels towards the fibular head.
 The nerve then continues down the leg on the posterior-lateral side, then posterior to the lateral malleolus where it runs deep to the fibularis tendon sheath and reaches the lateral tuberosity of the fifth toe, where it ramifies.
Lotion Play is a subset of the better known Wet-And-Messy fetish (WAM), which typically involves participants using food (such as pudding or whipped cream), mud, or paint as a lubricant to facilitate sexual activity.
 Lotion Play isolates lotion specifically as a lubricating medium - setting it apart in the Wet-and-Messy genre, as other common WAM mediums do not have such specific popularity as Lotion Play.
 Lotion Play (ローションプレイ , rōshon purei ) , also known as gookkake, gluekkake, is a popular fetish, form of Japanese erotica and prostitution request involving the use of copious amounts of lubricant, which in the Japanese language is referred to by the Old-French word "lotion" (ローション in Japanese).
Typically lotion play involves a participant rubbing lotion on another using their body, sexual intercourse in a pool or bath filled with lotion, or lotion being poured over the participants during sex.
 In Japan (and other parts of the world), lotion is available in concentrated form (e.g.: liter/gallon) which can be added to hot water to produce the desired amount of lotion.
 A 1-gallon concentrate will typically yield 6-10 gallons of lotion (J-Lube Lotion Concentrate).
 The main component in most lotion is polyacrylate.
 A similar effect can be achieved by dissolving powdered methyl cellulose in water.
The Guitar Hero series (sometimes referred to as the Hero series) is a series of music rhythm games first published in 2005 by RedOctane and Harmonix, and distributed by Activision, in which players use a guitar-shaped game controller to simulate playing lead, bass guitar, and rhythm guitar across numerous rock music songs.
 Players match notes that scroll on-screen to colored fret buttons on the controller, strumming the controller in time to the music in order to score points, and keep the virtual audience excited.
 The games attempt to mimic many features of playing a real guitar, including the use of fast-fingering hammer-ons and pull-offs and the use of the whammy bar to alter the pitch of notes.
 Most games support single player modes, typically a Career mode to play through all the songs in the game, and both competitive and cooperative multiplayer modes.
 With the introduction of "Guitar Hero World Tour" in 2008, the game includes support for a four-player band including vocals and drums.
 The series initially used mostly cover versions of songs created by WaveGroup Sound, but most recent titles feature soundtracks that are fully master recordings, and in some cases, special re-recordings, of the songs.
 Later titles in the series feature support for downloadable content in the form of new songs.
The Legend of Spyro: Dawn of the Dragon is the third and final installment in "The Legend of Spyro" trilogy, as well as the tenth anniversary game of the series.
 It was developed by Étranges Libellules and published by Activision in North America and Sierra Entertainment in International for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360.
 Tantalus Media developed the Nintendo DS version.
 It is the end of the second Spyro continuity, with "" serving as the second reboot of the franchise after Vivendi Games merged with video game publisher Activision to form the Activision Blizzard holding company on July 9, 2008.
