Joseph Christopher Columbus Morris (June 17, 1902 – August 20, 2002), better known as Crazy Chris Columbo, was an American jazz drummer.
 He was sometimes credited as Joe Morris on record, though he is no relation to free jazz guitarist Joe Morris or trumpeter Joe Morris.
The Following Mountain is the sixth album by singer and multi-instrumentalist Sam Amidon, released in 2017 by Nonesuch Records.
 It is Amidon's first album of original compositions, the previous albums having been made up primarily of re-worked traditional folk songs.
 The album was produced by Leo Abrahams with additional production from Shahzad Ismaily, and it includes contributions from legendary free jazz drummer Milford Graves, as well as the saxophonist Sam Gendel, drummer Chris Vatalaro, multi-instrumentalist Ismaily, and Jimi Hendrix percussionist Juma Sultan on the song “Juma Mountain.”
 Amidon himself plays fiddle, banjo, acoustic and electric guitars, and Moog synthesizer on the album, along with his own vocals.
Prophet Moon is an album by American jazz drummer Whit Dickey recorded live in 2002 at the New York club Roulette and released on the Riti label, operated by free jazz musician Joe Morris.
 Dickey leads Trio Ahxoloxha, which includes Morris on guitar and Rob Brown on alto sax.
 The same lineup was originally an ensemble organized by Brown to record the CD "Youniverse" a decade before and has at various times been led by Morris as well.
Marc Edwards is a free jazz drummer who has played and recorded with artists such as Cecil Taylor, Charles Gayle, and David S. Ware.
 His influences include Charlie Parker and Buddy Rich.
 He is currently playing with a project with Weasel Walter, and with his own group, Marc Edwards Slipstream Time Travel, an afrofuturistic free jazz ensemble.
 Many of his solo works have a science fiction theme.
 He also plays in the band Cellular Chaos, his first foray into rock drumming.
Abbey Rader (October 14, 1943) is an American avant-garde jazz drummer.
 Throughout his childhood and early career, he worked in New York City where loft jazz, bebop, and free jazz influenced him.
 He played and taught across Europe in the 1970s and 1980s and then returned to North America to create music that combines free jazz, martial arts, and Buddhism.
 He has recorded over twenty-five albums as a leader and has worked with Dave Liebman, John Handy, Billy Bang, Dr. L. Subramaniam, and Mal Waldron in a career spanning over four decades.
Uhuru na Umoja (in Swahili "Freedom and Unity") is an album by American free jazz saxophonist Frank Wrigth recorded in 1970 in Paris, originally released on the French America label and reissued on CD in 2004 by Universal France.
 Wright leads a quartet featuring alto saxophonist Noah Howard, who composed each of the tracks, pianist Bobby Few and bebop drummer Art Taylor in his first free jazz date.
 "Oriental Mood" and "Aurora Borealis" are the same compositions as "Mount Fuji" and "Queen Anne", from Howard's "The Black Ark" album.
Ronald Shannon Jackson (January 12, 1940 – October 19, 2013) was an American jazz drummer and composer from Fort Worth, Texas.
 A pioneer of avant-garde jazz, free funk, and jazz fusion, he appeared on over 50 albums as a bandleader, sideman, arranger, and producer.
 Jackson and bassist Sirone are the only musicians to have performed and recorded with the three prime shapers of free jazz: pianist Cecil Taylor, and saxophonists Ornette Coleman and Albert Ayler.
Milford Graves (born August 20, 1941 in Queens, New York) is an American jazz drummer and percussionist, most noteworthy for his early avant-garde contributions in the early 1960s with Paul Bley and the New York Art Quartet alongside John Tchicai, Roswell Rudd, and Reggie Workman.
 He is considered to be a free jazz pioneer, liberating the percussion from its timekeeping role.
 In fact, many of his music contemporaries, musician inspirees, and fans world-wide would argue that Graves is perhaps the most influential known musician in the development and continuing evolution of free-jazz/avant-garde music, to date.
 Milford Graves taught at Bennington College, in Bennington, Vermont, as a full-time professor from 1973 until 2011, when he was awarded Emeritus status.
Billy Higgins (October 11, 1936 – May 3, 2001) was an American jazz drummer.
 He played mainly free jazz and hard bop.
Poem for Malcolm is a jazz album by Archie Shepp.
 Recorded in Paris in August 1969 only two days after "Yasmina, a Black Woman", it again features musicians from the Art Ensemble of Chicago.
 This time, the tone is resolutely set to avant garde and free jazz, with a political edge in the all but explicit tribute to Malcolm X.
 The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states: "This LP from the English Affinity LP is a mixed bag.
 Best is 'Rain Forrest' on which tenor saxophonist Archie Shepp, in a collaboration with trombonist Grachan Moncur III, pianist Vince Benedetti, bassist Malachi Favors, and drummer Philly Joe Jones, perform some stirring free jazz; the interplay between Shepp and Jones is particularly exciting.
 On a four-and-a-half minute 'Oleo,' Shepp "battles" some bebop with fellow tenor Hank Mobley, but the other two tracks, a workout for the leader's erratic soprano on 'Mamarose,' and his emotional recitation on 'Poem for Malcolm,' are much less interesting, making this a less than essential release despite 'Rain Forrest'."
 It was originally issued on CD by Affinity (paired with "Yasmina, a Black Woman") mastered from a vinyl source and later reissued by Charly (also paired with "Yasmina, a Black Woman") from the original master tapes.
