George Wyner (born October 20, 1945) is an American film and television actor.
 Wyner graduated from Syracuse University in 1968 as a drama major, and was an in-demand character actor by the early 1970s.
 To date, Wyner has made guest appearances in over 100 television series and co-starred in nine.
 He is probably best known for his role as ADA Bernstein on the series "Hill Street Blues".
 He is also noted for memorable roles in films such as "Spaceballs", "American Pie 2" and "Fletch".
Hole in One (also known as "ParFection: The Golf Movie") is a 2010 comedy movie starring Steve Talley.
 It is about a cool undergraduate boy who gets tricked by some surgeons and they operate on him, giving him a set of breasts.
 Now, he has to earn money through golf for the reverse surgery.
 The movie was released by Universal Studios via Universal Pictures and launched in the United Kingdom on September 12, 2010.
 With a wide release in an additional 65 territories and countries.
 It is awaiting a US Domestic release.
 Universal 'Tagged' the movie as 'American Pie Plays Golf' and so many people have mistaken for it being an American Pie movie because Steve Talley, who appeared in and stars in it.
 Further evidence shows that Steve Talley is called 'Eric Keller' in Hole in One and is called 'Dwight Stifler' in the American Pie movie Franchise series which shows the distinct differences between the movies.
 Box Office figures report $1,600,000 GBP in London England.
 Universal release Hole in One in a total of 65 countries.
 No other figures reported.
Shannon Elizabeth Fadal (born (1973--) 7, 1973 ), known professionally as Shannon Elizabeth, is an American actress and former fashion model.
 Elizabeth is well known for her roles in comedy films such as "American Pie", "Scary Movie" and "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back".
 She is also known for her work in horror films such as "Jack Frost", "Thirteen Ghosts", "Cursed", and "Night of the Demons".
 She became widely known as a sex symbol for her role in the 1999 comedy film "American Pie".
 She also had a cameo in the film "Love Actually" and in "Catch a Christmas Star" in which she sings for the first time on camera.
Tara Donna Reid (born November 8, 1975) is an American actress.
 She is known for playing Vicky in the films "American Pie" (1999), "American Pie 2" (2001) and "American Reunion" (2012), and Bunny Lebowski in "The Big Lebowski" (1998).
 In 2013, she starred as April Wexler in the television film "Sharknado", and went on to reprise the role in four sequels (2013–2017).
Eugene Levy, CM (born December 17, 1946) is a Canadian actor, comedian, producer, director, musician and writer.
 He is the only actor to have appeared in all eight of the "American Pie" films, in his role as Noah Levenstein.
 He often plays nerdy, unconventional figures, with his humour often deriving from his excessive explanations of matters and the way in which he deals with sticky situations.
 Levy is a regular collaborator of actor-director Christopher Guest, appearing in and co-writing four of his films, commencing with "Waiting for Guffman" (1997).
Christopher John "Chris" Weitz (born November 30, 1969) is an American film producer, screenwriter, author, occasional actor, and film director.
 He is the brother of filmmaker Paul Weitz.
 He is best known for his work with his brother on the comedy films "American Pie" and "About a Boy," the latter of which was Oscar-nominated for adapted screenplay.
 Weitz directed the film adaptation of the novel "The Golden Compass" and the of "New Moon" from the series of "Twilight" books, as well wrote the screenplay for Disney's 2015 live-action adaptation of "Cinderella" and co-wrote "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" alongside with Tony Gilroy.
This is a list of characters from the film series "American Pie" consisting of "American Pie" (1999), "American Pie 2" (2001), "American Wedding" (2003), "" (2005), "" (2006), "" (2007), "" (2009), and "American Reunion" (2012).
 Only one character, Noah Levenstein played by Eugene Levy, has appeared in all eight released films.
 Biggs, Hannigan, Scott, Nicholas, Thomas, Coolidge, Cho, Isfield, Cheek, and Owen all play their characters in four films each; other characters appear in fewer films.
Sugar is Tonic's second studio album, released in 1999.
 Released on November 9, 1999 and self-produced by the band itself, the album's title shared the same name as the fifth track on the recording.
 The creative and collaborative process spanned several geographic locations including Austin, Texas, and a 15000 sqft mansion in New Orleans, Louisiana, where actual recording for the album was performed.
 "Knock Down Walls" and "You Wanted More" were charting singles released off the record, with the latter having first appeared on the soundtrack to the movie "American Pie".
 With Shepard no longer part of the band, Peter Maloney played drums on the album, although Joey Waronker filled in for the single "You Wanted More".
 Music videos for the songs "You Wanted More" and "Mean to Me" were created as part of the album's promotion.
 Tonic appeared on the television shows Late Night with Conan O'Brien and "The Martin Short Show" in late 1999 as part of additional promotion.
 "Sugar" spent eight total weeks on the Billboard 200 chart, reaching a peak of #81 in its first week of release.
 The single "You Wanted More" reached a high of #3 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks charts in the U.S., and was featured on the soundtrack for the film "American Pie".
John Cho (born Cho Yo-han; June 16, 1972) is an American film and television actor and musician.
 He is best known as Harold Lee in the "Harold & Kumar" films; as the character John, MILF Guy No. 2, who popularized the term "MILF" in the "American Pie" films; and as the character Hikaru Sulu in the "Star Trek" reboot film series.
 Early in his career he also starred in the Asian-American films "Better Luck Tomorrow", "Shopping for Fangs", and "Yellow".
Chris Owen (born September 25, 1980) is an American actor and photographer.
 He is best known for his role as The Sherminator in the "American Pie film franchise", appearing in "American Pie", "American Pie 2", "" and "American Reunion".
 Aside from Eugene Levy, he is the only actor from the theatrical features to appear in the ""American Pie Presents:"" direct-to-video spin-off movies.
