The Celebrity Apprentice 4 (also known as The Apprentice 11) is the eleventh installment of the reality game show, "Celebrity Apprentice", which premiered March 6, 2011.
 Country music star John Rich was named the winner defeating actress Marlee Matlin.
 Lil Jon, La Toya Jackson, Gary Busey, and Lisa Rinna all returned for All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
 Jackson and Busey placed twelfth and sixth, respectively, and both won $20,000 for their charities money while Lil Jon and Rinna were both semifinalists placing third and fourth, respectively, and Jon raised $160,000 and Rinna raised $504,500 resulting in her improving immensely from her first season.
The Celebrity Apprentice is an American television reality competition series.
 It is a variation of "The Apprentice" series which was hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger in 2017 and was originally hosted by Donald Trump.
 Like its precursor, the show's opening theme song is "For the Love of Money" by The O'Jays.
 Unlike its precursor, however, "Celebrity Apprentice" consists of celebrities as competing apprentices rather than unknowns.
 Some of the celebrities are relatively current while others tend to be those who have been out of the public eye for some time.
 All of them are competing to win money for a charitable organization of their choice.
 The celebrities come from a wide variety of different fields in the media: sitcoms, professional sports, music industry, reality television, radio, and other backgrounds.
Trump Productions LLC is an American television production company established by Donald Trump in 2004 that serves as the entertainment business wing of the Trump Organization.
 The company produces numerous network and cable television shows including "The Apprentice" and "Celebrity Apprentice" in association with Mark Burnett Productions.
 The New York television production firm produces both his "The Apprentice" and "Celebrity Apprentice" programs as well as the Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants, which the Trump Organization said are collectively worth a total of $15 million and entertainment has brought in more than $4 million in revenue in 2015.
The Celebrity Apprentice 7 (also known as The Apprentice 14) is the seventh installment of the reality game show, "Celebrity Apprentice".
 Despite this season having long concluded filming in early 2014, it premiered on Sunday, January 4, 2015.
 As a result of the significant time between the season's filming and its airing, numerous spoilers were released.
 The season aired more than a year and a half after the conclusion of the previous season.
 This was Donald Trump's final season as host as he was replaced by Arnold Schwarzenegger amidst Trump's campaign for the U.S. Presidency in advance of the 2016 election.
The Celebrity Apprentice 3 (also known as The Apprentice 9) is the ninth installment of the reality game show, "Celebrity Apprentice".
 On April 29, 2009, NBC officially announced the renewal of "Celebrity Apprentice" for Spring 2010.
 The show premiered on Sunday, March 14, 2010.
 The two-hour season finale was on Sunday, May 23, 2010, 9–11 p.m., ET/PT and the winner was Poison lead singer and "Rock of Love" star Bret Michaels.
 The Celebrity Apprentice is auctioning off items to help benefit the Hollyrod Foundation and the American Diabetes Association.
 Auction items include photos taken by Bret Michaels, clothing, posters, and other rare items signed by the cast.
 Michaels also returned for All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
 Michaels was the only previous winner to return and was ironically fired first, coming in 14th.
The Celebrity Apprentice 5 (also known as The Apprentice 12) is the fifth installment of the reality game show, "Celebrity Apprentice".
 On May 15, 2011, NBC announced that the show would be returning for a fifth season in 2012.
 The following day, at NBC's annual upfront presentations to advertisers, Donald Trump confirmed that he would be hosting the fifth season.
 On January 4, 2012, Donald Trump officially announced the cast on "Today" and NBC issued a press release with more details.
The Celebrity Apprentice 2 (also known as The Apprentice 8) is the eighth installment of the reality game show, "Celebrity Apprentice".
 It premiered on March 1, 2009.
 "The Celebrity Apprentice 2" aired for two hours on Sundays at 9:00 Eastern time.
 Joan Rivers was the winner, while Annie Duke was the runner-up.
 Brande Roderick, Dennis Rodman, and Claudia Jordan all returned for All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
 Roderick, Rodman, and Jordan placed 7th, 9th, and 11th, respectively, with Rodman and Jordan unable to raise anything and Roderick was able to raise $20,000.
The Celebrity Apprentice 6 (also known as All-Star Celebrity Apprentice or The Apprentice 13) is the sixth installment of the reality game show, "Celebrity Apprentice", which premiered on Sunday, March 3, 2013.
 This season's cast is an "All-Star" celebrity cast, bringing back many fan favorites to compete head-to-head.
 There are eight men and six women in the cast.
 Brande Roderick, Claudia Jordan, Dennis Rodman, La Toya Jackson, Lil Jon, Omarosa Manigault and the only previous winner, Bret Michaels formed team Power and team Plan B was formed by Dee Snider, Gary Busey, Lisa Rinna, Marilu Henner, Penn Jillette, Stephen Baldwin and Trace Adkins.
 This marked Omarosa's third appearance on "The Apprentice", more than any other contestant.
 Also appearing as guest judges are past winners Joan Rivers, Piers Morgan, Arsenio Hall and John Rich, along with past judge George Ross, as well as Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and Donald Trump Jr.
 This season also introduced the Social Boardroom MVP reward.
 Viewers went on Twitter to select the celebrity they think did best in the task.
 The celebrity who received the most votes won additional money for their charity.
 This season premiered on March 3, 2013.
The New Celebrity Apprentice is the eighth and final installment of the reality game show, "The Celebrity Apprentice".
 It aired from January 2 to February 13, 2017.
 The winner of this season was Matt Iseman.
The Celebrity Apprentice (also known as The Apprentice 7) is the seventh installment of the reality game show, "Celebrity Apprentice".
 This season features celebrity candidates vying for the title of Donald Trump's, "Best Business Brain," as a way to revitalize the series, with the winner donating their proceeds to charity.
 The series was designed after "Comic Relief Does The Apprentice", a charity special of the British Apprentice series.
 This installment marks the series' return to New York after spending the previous season in Los Angeles and features abstract paintings by Seattle-based artist Maeve Harris.
 The series premiered on NBC on January 3, 2008 at 9:00PM.
