The Two Rivers is a 7.0 mi river in Kittson County, northwestern Minnesota, in the United States.
 Formed by the North Branch of the Two Rivers and the South Branch of the Two Rivers, it is a tributary of the Red River of the North, with its outflow traveling north through Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River to Hudson Bay.
Viscount Galway is a title that has been created once in the Peerage of England and thrice in the Peerage of Ireland.
 The first creation came in the Peerage of England in 1628 in favour of Richard Burke, 4th Earl of Clanricarde.
 He was made Earl of St Albans at the same time (see the Earl of Clanricarde for more information on this creation).
 The second creation came in the Peerage of Ireland in 1687 in favour of Ulick Bourke.
 He was made Baron Tyaquin at the same time, also in the Peerage of Ireland.
 However, both titles became extinct on his early death in 1691.
 The third creation came in the Peerage of Ireland in 1692 in favour of the French soldier and diplomat Henry de Massue, Marquis de Ruvigny.
 He was made Earl of Galway in 1697.
 However, both titles became extinct on his death in 1720.
The Chronicle, also known as the Two Rivers Chronicle, was a weekly newspaper published in Two Rivers, Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, from 1872 to 1927.
 From 1872 to 1899 it was called the "Manitowoc County Chronicle", changing its name in 1899 to simply "The Chronicle".
 In 1927 it merged with the rival "Two Rivers Reporter" to form the "Reporter-Chronicle", which itself was purchased in 1970 by the "Manitowoc Herald-Times" to become "The Herald Times Reporter".
Two Rivers Press is an independent publishing house, based in the English town of Reading.
 Two Rivers Press was founded in 1994 by Peter Hay (1951–2003), a local artist.
 Its name reflects his enthusiasm for the town and its two rivers, the Kennet and the Thames, and its intention to explore "the place where art and history meet".
 The name also gives a clue to the origins of the company in the, ultimately successful, opposition to Reading's proposed "Cross-Town Route", a road scheme that would have seriously impacted the point at which the two rivers meet.
Copsi (or Copsig; Old English: "Cōpsige" ) [died 1067] was a Northumbrian magnate in late Anglo-Saxon England.
 He was a supporter of Tostig, and was exiled along with him in 1065.
 Copsi soon fled to Orkney (then a part of Norway).
 The next year (1066), he joined Tostig at Sandwich, in Kent, with 17 ships.
 Copsi survived Tostig's defeat at Stamford Bridge, and when William the Conqueror prevailed at Hastings he travelled, in March 1067, to pay William homage at Barking (where William was staying while his tower was being constructed in London).
 In return, William made Copsi earl of Northumbria and sent him back to York.
 Copsi's rule lasted a mere five weeks, at which time he was murdered by Osulf, son of Eadulf III of the ancient Bernician family which had historically governed the area from Bamburgh, at Newburn-upon-Tyne.
 Osulf, however, only ruled as earl until that autumn, when he was killed by an outlaw he was tracking.
The Two Rivers Light (also known as the Two Rivers North Pierhead Light) is a lighthouse formerly located at the harbor entrance to Two Rivers, Wisconsin.
 It is now located in a museum in the city.
Two Rivers High School is a high school located in Two Rivers, Wisconsin.
 It was built in 2001 to replace the former Washington High School in downtown Two Rivers.
 The School is located at 4519 Lincoln Avenue Wisconsin Highway 42 on the outskirts of Two Rivers.
 The school athletically takes part in the Eastern Wisconsin Conference.
 Conference rivals include Plymouth High School and Kiel High School.
 A total of 24 Credits and 20 Community Service Hours are required in order to graduate from the school.
Two Rivers High School is a public high school for students in grades 7 through 12 located in Ola, Arkansas, United States.
 Two Rivers High School is administered by the Two Rivers School District.
 The Two Rivers High School and school district serves 650 sqmi of rural communities including Ola, Plainview, Rover, and Casa.
 Two Rivers High School is one of four high schools within Yell County and the sole high school administered by the Two Rivers School District.
Karad is a city in Satara district in the southern part of Indian state of Maharashtra.
 It lies at the confluence of Koyna River and the Krishna River.
 The two rivers originate at Mahabaleshwar, which is around 100 km from Karad.
 They diverge at their origin, and travel for about the same distance to meet again in Karad.
 The rivers meet exactly head on, thus forming letter "T" which is the only head on confluence in the world.
 Hence Krishna and koyna river's confluence is called Preeti Sangam, meaning Confluence of Love.
 Karad is well known for sugar production and is known as the sugar bowl of Maharashtra owing to the presence of many sugar factories in and around Karad.
 It is considered as an important educational hub in Western Maharashtra due to the presence of many prestigious educational institutes.
Duke of Bedford (named after Bedford, England) is a title that has been created six times (for five distinct people) in the Peerage of England.
 The first and second creations came in 1414 in favour of Henry IV's third son, John, who later served as regent of France.
 He was made Earl of Kendal at the same time and was made Earl of Richmond later the same year.
 The titles became extinct on his death in 1435.
 The third creation came in 1470 in favour of George Neville, nephew of Warwick the Kingmaker.
 He was deprived of the title by Act of Parliament in 1478.
 The fourth creation came 1478 in favour of George, the third son of Edward IV.
 He died the following year at the age of two.
 The fifth creation came in 1485 in favour of Jasper Tudor, half-brother of Henry VI and uncle of Henry VII.
 He had already been created Earl of Pembroke in 1452.
 However, as he was a Lancastrian, his title was forfeited between 1461 and 1485 during the predominance of the House of York.
 He regained the earldom in 1485 when his nephew Henry VII came to the throne and was elevated to the dukedom the same year.
 He had no legitimate children and the titles became extinct on his death in 1495.
