Geddes is a surname of English and Scottish origin.
 In Scotland and northern Ireland the name may be derived from the place-name Geddes in Nairn, Scotland.
 However, according to the "Dictionary of American Family Names", the surname is more likely a patronymic name derived from the name "Geddie".
 This name ("Geddie"), may be an altered form of MacAdam.
 In this way, the letter "G" represents the Gaelic "mac" "son of" and "Eddie" is a variant of Adam.
 "Geddie" may also be a nickname meaning "greedy", derived from "gedd" meaning "pike", this could also refer to a voracious eater.
 The earliest written record of the surname "Geddes" is of William "Ged", from Shropshire, England, recorded within the Pipe Rolls in the year 1230.
 The surname Geddes can be represented in Scottish Gaelic as "Geadasach" and "Geadais".
Taskasaplidis (Greek:Τασκασαπλίδης) is a Greek last name (or family name).
 It is believed that the name derived from a local area of the city of Istanbul (formerly Constantinople) Turkey, called "Taşkasap (Tashkasap)".
 The patronymic suffix -idis, used mostly from Greeks in the Pontus and Asia Minor regions.
 The patronymic infix -li, sometimes is used to declare that the name derived from a location or origin.
 For example, the common Greek family name "Tokatlidis", uses the infix -li (also the suffix -idis) and the name derives from the city name Tokat (Greek:Τοκάτη), Turkey.
Matthew Carlson (birth name: Matt James Carlson) (born February 10, 1951) is an American television producer and writer.
Matt James (born 1981) is an American game designer and a decorated veteran of the United States Army.
 As a game designer, James is best known for his online and print works for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game published by Wizards of the Coast, "Pathfinder" role-playing game by Paizo, and Privateer Press.
 He has also designed game content for Wolfgang Baur's Kobold Press (formerly Open Design LLC).
 In 2012 James won an ENnie Award for "" and has been nominated for several Origins Awards.
 In 2014, James won an ENnie Award for "".
Northwest Passage is a book based upon the famous Canadian song "Northwest Passage".
 The song is a story of a man's travel through the arctic of Canada while following famed explorers like Alexander Mackenzie, David Thompson, John Franklin, and Henry Kelsey.
 The book is written and narrated by Matthew James, who is an award-winning Canadian musician, illustrator, and author and has been nominated for, and won, the Governor General's Award for children's literature.
 The book is full of unique illustrations, also done by Matt James, showing the story as it is mentioned in the song.
 It also includes a timeline of Canadian exploration, miniature biographies on explorers of the Northwest Passage, and portraits of major explorers.
Harvey is an English family and given name derived from the Breton name "Huiarnuiu", derived from an Old Breton first name "Huiarnviu", derived from the elements "hoiarn", "huiarn" (Breton "houarn") meaning "iron" and "viu" (Breton "bev") meaning "blazing".
 It is related to Old Welsh "Haarnbiu".
Donald is a masculine given name derived from the Gaelic name "Dòmhnall".
 This comes from the Proto-Celtic *"Dumno-ualos" ("world-ruler" or "world-wielder").
 The final -"d" in "Donald" is partly derived from a misinterpretation of the Gaelic pronunciation by English speakers, and partly associated with the spelling of similar-sounding Germanic names, such as "Ronald".
 A short form of "Donald" is "Don".
 Pet forms of "Donald" include "Donnie" and "Donny".
 The feminine given name "Donella" is derived from "Donald".
Great British Garden Revival is a British documentary television series that was first broadcast on BBC Two on 9 December 2013.
 The series was presented by Monty Don, Carol Klein, Joe Swift, Rachel De Thame, James Wong, Tom Hart Dyke, Chris Beardshaw, Alys Fowler, Charlie Dimmock, Diarmuid Gavin, Christine Walkden, Toby Buckland, Sarah Raven and Matt James.
 Each episode shows two presenters focusing on an endangered part of gardens.
Dąbrowski (] ; feminine Dąbrowska, plural Dąbrowscy) or Dabrowski is the 11th most common surname in Poland (87,304 people in 2009); this is down from an apparent rank of 4th in 1990.
 "Dąbrowski" is a habitational name derived from the placename 'Dąbrowa' or 'Dąbrówka', which is used for several specific places in Poland or generically as "oak grove", the English meaning for these Polish words.
 Variants of the surname include Dombrowski, Dobrowski, and Dobrosky.
 "Dobrowski" also has an independent origin as a habitational name derived from the placename 'Dobrów'.
 The text-figure below summarizes the relationships among these various words.
 In other Slavic countries, the same surname takes the form Dubrovsky, as the Polish "ą" corresponds to "u" in most other Slavic languages.
M-22 is a Canadian-German DJ and producer duo consisting of Matt James and Frank Sanders.
 On March 22 the duo met, through a joint production, which is the reason for their stage name.
