"What Lies Ahead" is the first episode of the second season and 7th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead".
 It originally aired on AMC in the United States on October 16, 2011.
 It was written by series developer Frank Darabont (under the pseudonym "Ardeth Bey") and series creator Robert Kirkman, and directed by Gwyneth Horder-Payton and Ernest Dickerson.
 In this episode, Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) leads his group toward Fort Benning, Georgia, but during an encounter with a herd of zombies, colloquially referred to as "walkers", Sophia Peletier (Madison Lintz) goes missing, and a search group is formed.
The Walking Dead (also known as The Walking Dead: The Game and The Walking Dead: Season One) is an episodic interactive drama graphic adventure survival horror video game developed and published by Telltale Games.
 Based on "The Walking Dead" comic book series, the game consists of five episodes, released between April and November 2012.
 It is available for Android, iOS, Kindle Fire HDX, Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
 The game is the first of "The Walking Dead" video game series published by Telltale.
"Save the Last One" is the third episode of the second season and 9th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead".
 It first aired on AMC in the United States on October 30, 2011.
 The episode was written by Scott M. Gimple and directed by Phil Abraham.
 In the episode, Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal) and Otis (Pruitt Taylor Vince) desperately attempt to flee the walker-infested high school in order to deliver supplies to a dying Carl Grimes (Chandler Riggs).
 Meanwhile, Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus) and Andrea (Laurie Holden) continue to search for Sophia Peletier (Madison Lintz).
"Cherokee Rose" is the fourth episode of the second season and 10th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead", which aired on AMC in the United States on November 6, 2011.
 The episode was written by Evan Reilly and directed by Billy Gierhart.
 In the episode, the group of survivors move to the home of Hershel Greene (Scott Wilson).
 While the group contemplates on what to do, Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus) continues to search for Sophia Peletier (Madison Lintz).
"Pretty Much Dead Already" is the seventh episode and mid-season finale of the second season, and 13th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead".
 It originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 27, 2011.
 In the episode, Glenn (Steven Yeun) reveals to the group that there are walkers in the Greenes' barn, dividing the group on what to do.
 Hershel Greene (Scott Wilson) sets a deadline for the group to leave, unless Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) does a difficult task.
 Meanwhile, Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal) slowly loses his sanity after many secrets around him are revealed and Carol Peletier begins to question whether her daughter, Sophia will be found.
Carol Peletier ( ) is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Melissa McBride in the American television series of the same name.
 Carol is introduced in the comics in the third issue of the first volume, "Days Gone Bye," in 2003, and the third episode of the first season of the television series in 2010, as a meek housewife and mother of Sophia at the survival camp in Atlanta, Georgia.
 Initially a recurring cast member, McBride was upgraded to a series regular position at the onset of the second season, and the character's role has predominantly increased since the fourth season.
 The character's arc has been described as a "hero's journey" by executive producer Scott M. Gimple, having made many difficult decisions in order to survive.
Fear the Walking Dead: Flight 462 is a 16-part web series based on the television series "Fear the Walking Dead".
 The series premiered on October 4, 2015, on AMC's official website.
 It also aired as promos during "The Walking Dead" season 6.
 The web series tells the story of a group of passengers aboard a commercial airplane during the earliest moments of the outbreak.
 Over the course of the series, the plane and the lives of its passengers are put in jeopardy once they discover an infected traveler.
 Two of its characters, Alex and Jake, are introduced in "Fear the Walking Dead" season 2, episode 3 "Ouroboros".
Madison Lintz is an American child actress notable for her role as Sophia Peletier in the AMC post-apocalyptic television drama series "The Walking Dead", and as Maddie Bosch on the Amazon series "Bosch".
Sophia Peletier is a fictional character from the comic series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Madison Lintz in the television series of the same name.
 She is the daughter of Carol Peletier, who is fiercely protective of her, as is Carl Grimes, with whom she becomes close friends during the zombie outbreak.
 She becomes a major focal point in both media, despite her limited involvement in many of the central conflicts faced by the other characters.
The Walking Dead: A New Frontier (also known as The Walking Dead: Season Three) is an episodic graphic adventure game based on Robert Kirkman's "The Walking Dead" comic book series developed by Telltale Games.
 It is Telltale's third season of its "The Walking Dead" series, with the first two episodes released on December 20, 2016, and a retail season pass disc edition planned for release on February 7, 2017.
 The game employs the same narrative structure as the past seasons, where player choice in one episode will have a permanent impact on future story elements.
 The player choices recorded in save files from the first two seasons and the additional episode "400 Days" carry over into the third season.
 Clementine (voiced by Melissa Hutchison), who was the player's companion during the first season and the player-character in season two returns as a player-character along with another player-character, Javier "Javi" Garcia (voiced by Jeff Schine).
