Milhouse Mussolini van Houten is a fictional character featured in the animated television series "The Simpsons", voiced by Pamela Hayden, and created by Matt Groening who named the character after President Richard Nixon's middle name.
 Later in the series, it is revealed that Milhouse's middle name is "Mussolini."
Life with Lucy is an American sitcom starring Lucille Ball that aired for one season on ABC from September 20 to November 15, 1986.
 Only 8 out of the 13 episodes produced were aired before ABC cancelled the series.
 Unlike Ball's previous sitcoms, "Life with Lucy" was critically panned and a ratings flop.
 In 2002, "TV Guide" named "Life with Lucy" the twenty-sixth worst TV series of all time.
"Lucy Goes to the Hospital" is an episode of the 1950s American television show "I Love Lucy" in which the title character, Lucy Ricardo, gives birth to her son, "Little Ricky," after a "predictably chaotic" sequence of events.
 Twelve hours before the broadcast, the actress who played Lucy Ricardo, Lucille Ball, had given birth to Desi Arnaz, Jr. by cesarean section.
 The episode had actually been filmed on November 14, 1952.
Layton Brothers: Mystery Room is a puzzle adventure video game for iOS and Android, published by Level-5.
 It is a spin-off of the "Professor Layton" series, starring rookie investigator Lucy Baker, who works with genius investigator Alfendi Layton, son of Hershel Layton, in the Scotland Yard's top investigation unit, the "Mystery Room".
 The game was released in Japan on September 21, 2012, and in English on June 27, 2013.
 An Android version was released on September 5, 2013.
The New New Painters are a self-labeled art group whose core members are twelve abstract artists (Lucy Baker, Steve Brent, Joseph Drapell, John Gittins, Roy Lerner, Anne Low, Marjorie Minkin, Irene Neal, Gérard Paire, Graham Peacock, Bruce Piermarini and Gerald Webster) who first came together in 1978 contemperaneously with the further development of acrylic gel paint as developed by the paint chemist Sam Golden.
 The NewNew Painters as they are called, arose from the roots of Jackson Pollock and Abstract Expressionism, The New York School, and Color Field (Morris Louis and Kenneth Noland from the Washington Color School, Helen Frankenthaler, Jules Olitski and Larry Poons, among others).
 The Color Field artists worked by staining on raw canvas, in close value, high key colors, often large scale.
 The artists of The New New Painters came together with a desire to move forward into a new kind of painting using acrylic gels.
 Unofficially the group members were exhibiting together in smaller groups up until 1992 when Gerald Piltzer asked Kenworth W. Moffett to curate an exhibition in his new gallery in Paris, France under the name "New New Painting".
 The term "New New Painting" was coined in a conversation between Graham Peacock and John Gittins and was used by Piltzer for the Paris Show and the hardcover catalog of the same name.
June Lockhart (born June 25, 1925) is an American actress, primarily in 1950s and 1960s television, also with performances on stage and in film.
 She played the mother in two TV series, "Lassie" and "Lost in Space".
 She also portrayed Dr. Janet Craig on the CBS television sitcom "Petticoat Junction" (1968–70).
 She is a two-time Emmy Award nominee and a Tony Award winner.
Joseph Douglas Vieira, known as Joey D. Vieira (born April 8, 1944), is an American film and television actor.
 He began as a child actor using the professional name Donald Keeler playing chubby, beanie-wearing farm boy, Sylvester "Porky" Brockway in the first several seasons (1954–57) of TV's "Lassie" (retitled "Jeff's Collie" in syndicated reruns and on DVD).
 Vieira borrowed the professional surname from his aunt, Ruby Keeler, star of numerous Warner Bros. musicals in the 1930s.
 "Lassie" won two Emmys during his run on the series.
 Vieira and costar Tommy Rettig jointly accepted the show's second Emmy at the awards ceremony in 1956.
Brian D. Siewert, alternatively credited with or without his middle initial, is an American public speaker, multiple Emmy-Award winning concert and television composer, producer, musician, arranger and visual artist.
 He has worked on "The Guiding Light - CBS" (1996–2009) as Principal Composer/Songwriter, "As the World Turns - CBS" (1995-2010) as Principal Composer/Songwriter and Supervising Music Producer, "General Hospital" - ABC (TV Series), "The Oprah Winfrey Show (TV series)", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" (2003), "Another World (TV series) - NBC" (1995-1999),"The Tyra Banks Show" Syndicated, "The Dr. Oz Show" Syndicated, "Sunset Beach (TV series) - NBC" (1997-1998), "eXtra (TV series) - Syndicated", "Access Hollywood (TV series) - Syndicated", "Street Smarts", "elimiDATE", "Celebrity Justice", "The Sharon Osbourne Show", and "The Real Gilligan's Island".
 Siewert is the recipient of both ASCAP and BMI (Broadcast Music, Inc.) Awards for his work in Film/TV Music.
Rosalind Ayres (born 7 December 1946 in Birmingham, Warwickshire) is an English actress.
 Active since 1970, Ayres is well known for her role in the 1997 film "Titanic", in which she played Lucy, Lady Duff-Gordon.
Lucy Baker is a fictional child character in the final two syndicated seasons of the long-running American television series, "Lassie" (1954-1973).
 The character was portrayed by Pamelyn Ferdin.
