Carlos Salazar (born 1933) is a Filipino actor who began his career with LVN Pictures and made several hit movies.
 After making some 15 movies on the said studio, Salazar made one movie under Champion Pictures entitled "" and one movie under Larry Santiago Production for "Student Canteen".
Alle tiders kupp is a 1964 Norwegian comedy film directed by Øyvind Vennerød, starring Rolf Just Nilsen, Arne Bang-Hansen, Henki Kolstad and Inger Marie Andersen.
 Three men rob an outlet of the government owned alcoholic beverage retailer Vinmonopolet.
 They then run into problems getting rid of the 50,000 bottles of liquor they have stolen.
Fomento Económico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V., doing business as FEMSA, is a Mexican multinational beverage and retail company headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico.
 It operates the largest independent Coca-Cola bottling group in the world and the largest convenience store chain in Mexico.
 It is also the second largest shareholder of Heineken International.
Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V., known as Coca-Cola FEMSA or KOF, is a Mexican multinational beverage company headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico.
 It is a subsidiary of FEMSA which owns 48% of its stock, with 28% held by wholly owned subsidiaries of The Coca-Cola Company and the remaining 24% listed publicly on the Mexican Stock Exchange (since 1993) and the New York Stock Exchange (since 1998).
 The largest franchise Coca-Cola bottler in the world, the company has operations in Latin America and the Philippines, although its largest and most profitable market is in Mexico.
Cornelio H. Velásquez (born September 28, 1968 in Panama City, Panama) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.
 He was introduced to horse racing at age fifteen by trainer Carlos Salazar Guardia in his native Panama and enrolled in the national jockey school.
 In his first year of racing he was his country's top apprentice jockey and was the leading rider again in 1994 and 1995.
Carlos Salazar Lomelín (born April 1951) is a Mexican businessman who serves as chief executive officer of Coca-Cola FEMSA since 1 January 2000.
Juan Carlos Salazar is a well known Venezuelan singer and cuatro player.
 Juan Carlos was born in , a small oil town in the State of Monagas.
 Born to a singer, guitarist and cuatro player, Juan Carlos learned how to play cuatro and guitar by ear at an early age and took piano lessons in Fort Collins, Colorado.
Carlos Salazar Herrera (1906–1982) was born in San José, Costa Rica, where he attended primary and secondary school.
 He wrote his first short story at the age of 9, named "The Three Captains of a Ship".
 At the age of 14, he received his first award for an essay entitled "El café".
 In 1928 he participated in a contest in which he presented his work about renewing Costa Rican art, and in the same year, he received the second place award for his story "La Piedra de Toxil" in a literary contest organized by Editorial de Costa Rica.
 .
The Coca-Cola Company, which is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, but incorporated in Wilmington, Delaware, is an American multinational beverage corporation, and manufacturer, retailer, and marketer of nonalcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups.
 The company is best known for its flagship product Coca-Cola, invented in 1886 by pharmacist John Stith Pemberton in Columbus, Georgia.
 The Coca-Cola formula and brand were bought in 1889 by Asa Griggs Candler (December 30, 1851 – March 12, 1929), who incorporated The Coca-Cola Company in 1892.
 The company has operated a franchised distribution system since 1889, wherein The Coca-Cola Company only produces syrup concentrate, which is then sold to various bottlers throughout the world who hold exclusive territories.
 The Coca-Cola Company owns its anchor bottler in North America, Coca-Cola Refreshments.
Vinmonopolet (English: The Wine Monopoly ), symbolized by Ⓥ and colloquially shortened to polet, is a government-owned alcoholic beverage retailer and the only company allowed to sell beverages containing an alcohol content higher than 4.75% in Norway.
