Legion of Super Heroes is an American animated television series produced by Warner Bros.
 Animation that debuted on September 23, 2006, and is based on characters owned by DC Comics.
 The series centers on a young Superman's adventures in the 31st century, fighting alongside a group of futuristic superheroes known as the Legion of Super-Heroes.
 The show was produced by its main designer James Tucker, a co-producer of the "Justice League Unlimited" series, for the Kids' WB line on The CW network.
Gold is one of Donna Summer's greatest hits compilations.
 Donna Summer's entry in Universal Music's two-disc compilation series "Gold" is more or less a re-release of 1993's "The Donna Summer Anthology", with the most noticeable differences being the cover art and that "Gold" includes four of her 90's Club and R&B hits, which came out after the "Anthology".
 Also, other 80's European hits, such as "Dinner With Gershwin", and the 7 inch remix of "Love's About to Change My Heart", that were not included on the "Anthology", are present here.
 However, the two tracks from 1981's shelved Geffen Records album "I'm a Rainbow" on disc two are left out, as are "Once Upon A Time" and "Rumour Has It", both from the 1977 album "Once Upon a Time", the hit single "Cold Love" from 1980 album "The Wanderer", and the album track "Friends Unknown" from "Mistaken Identity".
 As of August 10, 2006, the album sold 30,000 in United States, according to Nielsen Soundscan.
The World's Greatest Super-Heroes is the name to the oversized slipcased hardcover anthology collection, that reprinted six oversized graphic novels all created by artist Alex Ross and writer Paul Dini.
 Four graphic novels were originally published to celebrate the 60th anniversary of DC main characters: Superman, Batman, Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman, thus "" were published in 1998, "" in 1999, "" in 2000 and finally "" in 2001.
 Alex Ross original idea was make a statement about the four superhero comics archetypes: Science Fiction (Superman), Crime/Mystery (Batman), Magic (Captain Marvel) and Myth (Wonder Woman).
The Detroit Economic Club, headquartered at 211 West Fort Street in downtown Detroit, Michigan, was formed in 1934 as a platform for the discussion and debate of important business, government and social issues.
 It is known internationally as a top speaking forum for prominent business, academic, and government officials, who address members and their guests at the Club's 35 meeting season.
 With more than 3,500 members, the DEC is a forum for vital issues.
 The DEC claims to have hosted every sitting U.S. President since Richard Nixon and be ranked among the top speaking platforms in the world.
 The DEC claims to be one of the most valued podiums for CEO's in the world and one of the top five executive speaking forums in America.
Exposure is a short-film oriented science-fiction anthology series that aired on the Sci-Fi Channel between the years of 2000 and 2002.
 The series showcased the short sci-fi films of both unknown and known (Tim Burton, George Lucas and Kevin Smith) filmmakers, giving rise to the channel's own Exposure Studios.
 Hosted by actress Lisa Marie, the films presented a wide range of science fiction subject matter.
 The series received poor ratings and was canceled in the fall of 2002.
 The series was originally shown on Sundays at 10:00pm EST and was repeated the following Saturday at 2:00am EST, later on the time was changed to 11:00pm EST and still repeated the following Saturday well after Midnight, which probably is a major reason for the poor ratings this show received.
 The series also had two guest hosts.
 Terry Farrell would host the "Best of Season One" episode and director Kevin Smith hosted the "Star Wars Short Films Showcase".
Lynne Procope is a Trinidadian born American poet.
 She is one of the founders of the louderARTS Project.
 In 1998, Procope made the 1998 Nuyorican Poetry Slam team.
 She and her fellow Nuyorican team members Alix Olson, Steve Coleman and Guy LeCharles Gonzalez would go on to win the 1998 National Poetry Slam Championship that year in Austin, TX.
 This championship would lead to Soft Skull Press publishing the anthology "Burning Down the House" which showcased poetry by Olson, Procope, Coleman and Gonzalez as well as poetry by the 1998 Nuyorican Team's coach, Roger Bonair-Agard.
 Her best known poems include "Elemental Woman", "Flectere" and "Evidence of Injury".
 Her writing focuses on the human experience of women and marginalized groups.
The Superman shield, also known as the Superman logo, is the iconic emblem for the fictional DC Comics superhero Superman.
 As a representation of one of the first superheroes, it served as a template for character design decades after Superman's first appearance.
 The tradition of wearing a representative symbol on the chest was mimicked by many subsequent superheroes, including Batman, Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four, Green Lantern, the Flash, Wonder Woman, Hawkman, and many others.
Four-Star Spectacular was an anthology comic book series published by DC Comics in the mid-1970s.
 The series was edited by E. Nelson Bridwell and ran for six issues from March/April 1976 to January/February 1977.
 The books were in the "giant size" format and consisted mostly of superhero reprints, with some new material.
 A total of four characters from DC's roster of superheroes appeared in each issue — hence the title.
 (Half of the title's issues, however, only featured three stories.)
 Each issue featured a Superboy story, a Wonder Woman story, and at least one other story (usually a team-up story).
 All issues featured cover art by DC artist Ernie Chua.
There also exists a team of Judaicly themed superheroes known as "The Jewish Hero Corps", printed by Leviathan press.
 They include Menorah Man, Yarmulke Youth, Matzah Woman, Driedel Maidel, Magen David, Minyan Man, and Shabbas Queen.
 They are not commonly recognized as actual characters primarily because only one issue of the comic is known to have been produced at this time.
Guo Hong (; nicknamed The Great Wall of China), is a goaltender for the China women's national ice hockey team.
 During many international contests, she has been known to block over 50 shots a game.
 At the 2002 Winter Olympics, Hong registered a save percentage of 88.79 save percentage.
 She led all goaltenders at the event in saves and shots against.
 The 1996 Pacific Rim Tournament showcased one of the best games of her career.
 In a game against the Canadian National Women’s Team, Hong stopped 38 of 39 shots in a 1-0 loss.
 Hong has represented the China women's national ice hockey team for over ten years.
