"Rebuild" is a song written by Jon Foreman of Switchfoot and Matt Thiessen of Relient K.
 The song was written in conjunction with the bands' 2007 Appetite for Construction Tour, featuring members from all three bands on tour, Switchfoot, Relient K, and Ruth.
 Thiessen sang second vocals, and Dustin Ruth of Ruth played harmonica.
More Like a Movie, Less Like Real Life is the second EP from Australian band Ellington.
 It was self-released in late 2008 and was recorded in the United States, with producer Matt Malpass at Marigold and Monsters studio.
 It features guest vocals from Matt Thiessen (Relient K), Jeff Turner (Say Anything) and Leighton Antelman (Lydia).
Nadine is an album by George Thorogood and the Destroyers.
 Although it was marketed as a new release in 1986, "Nadine" is actually a repackaged version of the 1979 vinyl album "Better Than the Rest" that was reissued on compact disc.
 The songs on "Nadine" were Thorogood's first recordings, which were made in 1974.
2120 South Michigan Ave. is the fifteenth studio album by George Thorogood and the Destroyers.
 It was released on June 14, 2011 on the Capitol Records label.
 The album peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Top Blues Albums chart.
 The title refers to the address of the offices and recording studios of Chess Records in Chicago.
 The album contains ten covers of songs recorded on Chess Records by artists such as Chuck Berry, Bo Diddley, Willie Dixon, and Muddy Waters; plus a cover of The Rolling Stones' instrumental "2120 South Michigan Avenue" and two original songs about Chess Records artists.
 Capitol Records approached Thorogood with the idea for the album and selected most of the songs.
 Buddy Guy and Charlie Musselwhite perform on the album, although their work was added after primary recording was complete.
George Thorogood and the Destroyers is the self-titled debut album by American blues rock band George Thorogood and the Destroyers, released in 1977.
 Consisting mostly of covers of blues hits, it included a medley of John Lee Hooker's "House Rent Boogie" and "One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer", the latter a song written by Rudy Toombs for Amos Milburn, and later covered by Hooker.
"Willie and the Hand Jive" is a song written by Johnny Otis and originally released as a single in 1958 by Johnny Otis Show, reaching #9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and #5 on the Billboard R&B chart.
 The song has a Bo Diddley beat and was partly inspired by the music sung by a chain gang Otis heard while he was touring.
 The lyrics are about a man who became famous for doing a dance with his hands, but the song has been accused of glorifying masturbation.
 It has since been covered by numerous artists, including The Strangeloves, Eric Clapton, Cliff Richard, Kim Carnes, George Thorogood and The Grateful Dead.
 Clapton's 1974 version was also released as a single and also reached the Billboard Top 40, peaking at #26.
 Thorogood's 1985 version reached #25 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Better Than the Rest is the third album (mini-album) of songs by George Thorogood and the Destroyers, recorded in 1974 and released in 1979.
 At the time the songs were recorded, Thorogood was an unknown artist who was not signed to a record label.
 In 1979, after Thorogood had released his first two official albums on Rounder Records, "Better Than The Rest" was released by MCA.
 In 1986, the songs from this album were released on compact disc with the title "Nadine" using a different track order.
"My Girlfriend" is a song by the Christian rock band Relient K, released on their self-titled first album.
 The song originally appeared as "Marilyn Manson Ate My Girlfriend" on the band's demo album, "All Work and No Play".
 The song is about Marilyn Manson eating Matt Thiessen's girlfriend.
 Thiessen wrote this song when he was 15 years old.
 Thiessen has said that he wrote it because of a female friend, who lived eight hours away in Pennsylvania, who he would talk to about many things including spiritual matters such as where God was taking them in the future.
 His friend would later turn from Christian music to Nine Inch Nails and Marilyn Manson.
 In an interview with CCM Magazine Thiessen stated "through this she changed her lifestyle [and] what she believed in."
 His friend would later be expelled from school and would be kicked out of her house and sent to a youth detention center.
 Thiessen would later state "She felt that Christianity was stupid and just this big hypocrisy.
 Being young and impressionable, I just wrote this little, stupid song, but that was the way I dealt with it—writing this song about how she got so consumed by Marilyn Manson."
Relient K is an American rock band formed in 1998 in Canton, Ohio, by Matt Thiessen, Matt Hoopes, and Brian Pittman during the band members' third year in high school and their time at Malone University.
 The band is named after guitarist Hoopes' automobile, a Plymouth Reliant K car, with the spelling intentionally altered to avoid trademark infringement over the "Reliant" name.
More George Thorogood and the Destroyers is the fourth album by George Thorogood and The Destroyers, released in 1980.
 An alternate name for the album is I'm Wanted.
