Kevin "Sir Kev" Sinfield, MBE (born 12 September 1980 in Oldham) is an English former professional rugby league player who captained Leeds Rhinos in Super League.
 An England captain, his usual position was Loose forward , although he could cover both Stand-off and Hooker .
 Sinfield played his entire professional career with Leeds and is one of the most successful players in Super League history, having captained the team to seven Super League championships and two Challenge Cup successes as well as achieving individual accolades as winner of the Lance Todd Trophy (2005), Harry Sunderland Trophy twice (2009, 2012) and the Golden Boot (2012), one of only four British-based players to achieve the latter.
 He holds records as the highest points-scorer in Leeds Rhinos history, the highest points-scorer in Super League history and the third highest points-scorer in British rugby league history, behind Jim Sullivan and Neil Fox.
 Sinfield is also the only captain to ever lead a team to win three back-to-back-to-back Super League titles.
The Lance Todd Trophy is awarded to the annual Challenge Cup Final's man of the match.
 Introduced in 1946, the trophy was named in memory of Lance Todd, the New Zealand-born player and administrator, who was killed in a road accident during the Second World War.
 The trophy's winner is selected by the members of the Rugby League Writers' Association present at the game.
 The Lance Todd Trophy is presented at a celebratory dinner at the AJ Bell Stadium, home of the Salford Red Devils.
 The trophy belongs to the Red Devils Association, the official body representing ex-Salford players, as of 2017 no Salford player has won this award.
His playing career started at Normanton Juniors ARLFC before spending 13 years with Wakefield Trinity from 1968–81, he played right wing , i.e. number 2, and made his début for Wakefield Trinity against Halifax at Thrum Hall, Halifax on Monday 2 September 1968, and won the Lance Todd Trophy as man of the match in the 1979 Challenge Cup Final even though he was on the losing side.
Mark Aston (born 27 September 1967) is an English former rugby league Scrum-half /Halfback with Sheffield Eagles and Great Britain.
 He also had short spells with Featherstone Rovers (Captain) (Heritage № 709), and Bramley but the bulk of his career was spent with the Eagles, who he joined in 1985.
 He retired from playing in 2004, having been the figurehead in the fight to save the Eagles after their merger with Huddersfield in 1999.
 In less than three months, a new club was formed that was allowed into the Northern Ford Premiership with Aston as player/coach and a completely new semi-professional team.
 This must have seemed a long way from the day, only 18 months earlier, when Aston won the Lance Todd Trophy in the Rugby League Challenge Cup Final at Wembley Stadium, inspiring Sheffield Eagles to a famous 17-8 win over Wigan.
The 1965 Challenge Cup was the 64th staging of rugby league's oldest knockout competition, the Challenge Cup.
 The final was contested by Wigan and Hunslet at Wembley Stadium.
 Wigan won the match 20–16, with Wigan's Ray Ashby and Hunslet's Brian Gabbitas jointly receiving the Lance Todd Trophy.
The 1948 Challenge Cup was the 47th staging of rugby league's oldest knockout competition, the Challenge Cup.
 The final was contested by Wigan and Bradford Northern at Wembley Stadium, and was the first ever rugby league match to be televised.
 Wigan won the match 8–3, with Bradford's Frank Whitcombe receiving the Lance Todd Trophy – the first time the trophy had been awarded to a player on the losing team.
Paul Simon Wellens (born 27 February 1980) is a retired English professional rugby league footballer.
 A Great Britain and England national representative fullback, he played his entire career with St. Helens, with whom he won several Super League championships and Challenge Cup titles.
 Wellens also became only the third player to have won the Lance Todd Trophy, Harry Sunderland Trophy, and the Man of Steel Award.
Graham "Wombat" Eadie (born 25 November 1953 in Lidcombe, New South Wales), is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s, and 1980s who has been named amongst the nation's finest of the 20th century.
 A New South Wales State of Origin and Australian international representative fullback, he played in Australia during Manly-Warringah's dominance of the NSWRFL competition during the 1970s.
 He won four premierships with them and his 1,917 points in first grade and 2,070 points in all grades were both records at the time of his retirement.
 Eadie also played in England for Halifax, winning the Challenge Cup Final of 1987 with them.
 He also won World Cups with Australia and collected awards such as the Rothmans Medal and Lance Todd Trophy.
Ryan Lee Hall (born 27 November 1987) is an English professional rugby league player who plays for the Leeds Rhinos in the Super League.
 An England international representative winger, he has played his entire professional career to date with Leeds, having won the 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2015 Super League Grand Finals with them.
 In 2014 he was part of the Leeds team that won the Challenge Cup and was the winner of the Lance Todd Trophy.
Brett Hodgson (born 12 February 1978 in Liverpool, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s, 2000s, and 2010s, and the current Assistant Coach at Widnes Vikings working alongside Denis Betts.
 A New South Wales State of Origin representative goal-kicking fullback, he played his club football in the National Rugby League (NRL) for the Western Suburbs Magpies, Parramatta Eels and Wests Tigers (with whom he won the 2005 NRL premiership), and in Super League for Huddersfield (with whom he won the 2009 Man of Steel Award) and Warrington Wolves (with whom he won the Challenge Cup and the Lance Todd Trophy).
 Hodgson also gained representative selection for Exiles and City NSW.
