'Ghar Ghar Ki Kahani' (English: Story of every home) is a 1988 Bollywood drama film directed by Kalpataru.
 The film stars Rishi Kapoor, Govinda, Farah Naaz in lead roles.
 The film was a remake of Telugu film "Shanthi Nivasam".
Do Lafzon Ki Kahani (English: A Story of Two Words ) is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film written by Girish Dhamija and directed by Deepak Tijori.
 Produced by Avinaash v rai ,Dhaval Jayantilal Gada under his banner Pen India Limited, it features Randeep Hooda and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles.
 It is a remake of the 2011 Korean movie "Always", which was previously adapted in 2015 in Kannada as "Boxer".
 The filming locations included Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and India.
 The film released worldwide on 10 June 2016.
Kumarsen Samarth (Marathi: कुमारसेन समर्थ ) was an Indian film director.
 He belonged to a Marathi CKP family.
 His inclination towards the Marathi language led him to direct some great Marathi/Hindi movies such as Nal Damyanti' and Rupaye ki kahani (1948).
 His biggest success was the 1955 Marathi film titled "Shirdi che Saibaba" on the life of the 19th century holyman by the same name.
 He studied cinematography in Germany and came back to India.
 He married his distant cousin, Shobhna Samarth, an aspiring actress.They married on condition that she would be allowed to continue her acting career.They had four children, including the famous film actresses, Nutan and Tanuja.
 He and his wife even made some films together.After fourteen years of marriage, Kumarsen and Shobhana separated amicably but never divorced.After their separation,Shobhana lived with film actor Motilal.
Kumarsen died in his mid-70s.
Thakur Srinath Singh (1901-1996) was a renowned Indian poet, known for his poems for children such as Nani Ka Sndook, Makkhi Ki Nigah.
 He edited Saraswati (magazine), Sishu, Balsakha, Hal.
 He published magazines for women and children like Didi, Balbodh.
 He wrote many books for children like Bal kavitavali, Pipehary & Khelghar, Balbharti, Paridesh ki sair, Sunehry nadi ka devta,Prithvi ki kahani, Avishkaron ki katha.
 He contributed his efforts in Hindi literature by writing novels such as Jagran, Uljhan, Prajamandal, Prem parikcha, Kchma, Ek aur anek, Kavi aur Krantikari, Streedarpan, Grahsth Jeevan, Yovan Prem aur Saundrya, Somnath, Radharani.
 He started his career at the age of 19 in 1920 with "Grehlakshmi" and "Shishu" published by Pt.Sudarshanacharya and his wife Smt.Gopal Devi from Allahabad.
 Memoirs of his early life is given in "Aatamkatha ank" of Hans (magazine) published by Premchand.
 He took active participation in nationalistic movement of India.
Mahesh Kothare is an Indian actor, film director and producer of Marathi and Hindi films.
 He has worked in Indian cinema from a young age and acted in well-known movies such as "Raja Aur Rank, Chhota Bhai, Mere Laal, and Ghar Ghar ki Kahani".
 The well known Hindi song "Tu kitni achhi hai tu kitni bholi hai o maa" from the film "Raja Aur Rank" features Kothare as Master Mahesh.
Sandeep Nath is a Lyricist,Screenwriter, Director and Producer in Bollywood.
 He started his literary career as a poet at the age of eighteen.
 He has completed more than two books as namely "Mujhko Kuch Bhi Naam Doh" (a collection of Hindi poetry), "Darpan Ab Bhi Andha Hai" (a collection of Ghazals).
 His poetry has been selected in "Kabita Parabasey" an anthology of Bengali poems written by the poets from outside Bengal and published by Bangiya Maitri Samiti Mumbai.
 He is closely associated with India's fastest growing poetry group "Poets Corner Group" & "Delhi Poetry Festival".
 One of his poem was featured in Musings : A Mosaic (anthology by Poets' Corner).
 In his Indian film career he has written lyrics for more than fifty well known Bollywood films, he is most known for his work in films like 'Madhur Bhandarkar's "Page 3" (2005), "Corporate" (2006), Sanjay Leela Bhansali's "Saawariya" (2007), Tigmanshu Dhulia's "Paan Singh Tomar (film) (2012) and "Bullet Raja", "Mohit Suri's "Aashiqui 2" (2013) and "Rohit Shetty's "Singham Returns" (2014), Bhushan Patel's "ALONE "(2015) , Vikramjit Singh’s "ROY "(2015), Deepak Tijori’s "Do labzon ki kahani "(2016).
Do Lafzon Ki Kahani is an Indian television series that aired on Sahara TV now as Sahara One.
 The story revolves around the 3 generation of a family: a mother, her adoptive daughter, and her granddaughter.
 The series premiered on 20 June 2001 and starrs Bollywood film actress Helen.
Pyar Ki Kahani (English: The Story of Love) is a 1971 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Ravikant Nagaich.
 It is a remake of the popular Tamil film "Kai Koduttha Dheivam" starring Sivaji Ganesan and Savitri.
 The film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Tanuja.
 According to an interview given by Amitabh bachchan at Koffee with Karan, the lead role was initially given to Jeetendra, but because of the film industry's imposed limit of maximum of 6 films to be done as a leading role by an actor, Jeetendra had to give up this film as he was shooting for 6 films that year.
 This film was a disaster in Hindi.
Mohi – Ek Khwab Ke Khilne Ki Kahani is an Indian soap opera, which premiered on 10 August 2015 on Star Plus TV and airs Monday through Saturday, 5PM IST.
 The series is the remake of Star Jalsha's series "Ishti Kutum".
 The story of the show is about a young tribal girl named Mohi.
Shanthi Nivasam is a 1960 Telugu drama film, produced by Sundarlal Nahatha, T. Ashwadanarayana under Sri Productions banner and directed by C. S. Rao.
 Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Rajasulochana, Kantha Rao, Krishna Kumari, Devika in lead roles and music composed by Ghantasala.
 The film was remade in Hindi as Gharana (1961 film) and much later remade as Hindi Movie "Ghar Ghar Ki Kahani (1988).
 It was dubbed into Malayalam as "Shanthi Nivas" (1962).
