The discography of English electronic music group The Orb consists of twelve studio albums, one live album, six compilation albums, four remix albums, four mix albums, two video albums, ten extended plays, fifteen singles and twenty-two music videos. Founded by Alex Paterson and Jimmy Cauty in 1988, the group's first release was the extended play "Kiss EP", issued in May 1989.
 The single "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld", which marked the group's first foray into the ambient house genre, was released in October 1989 on Adam Morris and Martin Glovers record label WAU!
 Mr. Modo Recordings.
 It was later re-issued by Big Life and peaked at number 78 in the United Kingdom despite sample clearance issues.
 Following Cauty's departure from the group, The Orb signed a long-term recording contract with Big Life and released their debut studio album "The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld" in April 1991.
 It peaked at number 29 in the United Kingdom and has since been recognized as a seminal album of the ambient house genre. "
Little Fluffy Clouds" and "Perpetual Dawn" were released as singles from the album.
From Under the Cork Tree is the second studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy.
 It was released on May 3, 2005, through Island Records as the band's major label debut.
 The music was composed by lead vocalist and guitarist Patrick Stump, with all lyrics penned by bassist Pete Wentz, continuing the band's songwriting approach they took for some songs on their prior 2003 effort "Take This to Your Grave".
 Neal Avron handled production duties.
 Commenting on the record's lyrical themes, Wentz said the lyrics were about "the anxiety and depression that goes along with looking at your own life."
 In support of their release the group headlined tours worldwide and played at various music festivals.
 For their Black Clouds and Underdogs tour the album was re-released as "From Under the Cork Tree (Limited "Black Clouds and Underdogs" Edition)", featuring new songs and remixes.
"Going On" is the second single taken from Gnarls Barkley's second studio album "The Odd Couple".
 It is played in an upbeat hip hop and blues style.
 The track is also featured on the video game NBA 2K9 as well as the video game NBA 2K16.
 It was nominated at the 2009 Grammy Awards for 'Best Pop Performance'.
 "Going On" uses a sample from the track "Folder Man" by Please.
 The sample is repeated throughout the song, and comes from 1:30-1:35 from the original song.
 The song is also featured in a 2010 FIFA World Cup commercial by Puma AG, entitled 'The Journey of Football', featuring the Ghanaian national football team.
 The single was only released on a promotional format.
The Cold Nose is the debut album by Department of Eagles.
 It has been reissued twice.
 It was originally released in the US as The Whitey On The Moon UK LP on Isota Records on October 21, 2003, and reissued in the UK as The Cold Nose on Melodic Records on January 8, 2008.
 The American Dust October 7, 2008 US reissue contains four bonus tracks.
 The album is sample-heavy and multilayered.
 The second track, "Sailing By Night," contains a sample of the song "Meetings Along The Edge" from the Philip Glass and Ravi Shankar project "Passages", as well as a sample from the Yellow Magic Orchestra track, Rydeen.
 The third track "Noam Chomsky Spring Break 2002" samples the Regina Spektor song "Prisoners".
 It also samples Astor Piazzolla's composition "Oblivion" in the opening and closing sequences.
 The track "We Have to Respect Each Other" samples Shooby Taylor, the human horn, while the opening to "Forty Dollar Rug" samples "Il Teatrino Delle Suore" from Nino Rota's soundtrack to Giulietta Degli Spiriti.
"Retaliation" is a single by Hip Hop group Jedi Mind Tricks, the third released from their second album "Violent by Design", following "Heavenly Divine" and "Genghis Khan".
 Released in 2001, the single was the group's last release on self-run Superegular Recordings.
 The following year, the group migrated to Babygrande Records.
 "Retaliation" contains a musical sample from "El Rio Y Las Rosas" by Rosita Peru, a vocal sample from "Cross My Heart" by Killah Priest, and a vocal sample from "Money in the bank" by Kool G. Rap.
 The single also contains the edited "Retaliation (Remix)", and the B-Side track "Blood Runs Cold", featuring Heltah Skeltah's Sean Price, both originally only available on this single.
 Babygrande Records re-released "Violent by Design" in 2004, including both "Retaliation (Remix)" and "Blood Runs Cold" as bonus tracks.
"Far Above the Clouds" is a single by musician Mike Oldfield, released on 12 April 1999.
 The single is the final track from the album "Tubular Bells III".
 "Far Above the Clouds" similarly features tubular bells in fashion with the part-one-finales of Oldfield's previous works, "Tubular Bells" and "Tubular Bells II".
LMC are a British dance group consisting of producers, Lee Monteverde, Matt Cadman and Cris Nuttall.
 They have performed remixes for Scooter, Erasure, Dannii Minogue, Lasgo, Flip & Fill, Robert Palmer and Shania Twain.
 LMC is best known for the track "Take Me to the Clouds Above" which featured a sample from "How Will I Know" by Whitney Houston, and "With or Without You" by U2 which topped the UK Singles Chart in early 2004, as well as going top 5 in Ireland and top 10 in Australia.
"Sample" (Japanese: サンプル , Hepburn: Sanpuru ) (] ) is a song by Japanese band Sakanaction.
 Originally a song recorded by Sakanaction's vocalist Ichiro Yamaguchi's high-school band Dutchman in 2002, it was later released by Sakanaction on December 5, 2007 as a double A-side digital single alongside "Word", two months before the band's second album "Night Fishing".
 As the leading promotional track from "Night Fishing", "Sample" was heavily promoted on radio stations in Hokkaido in February, however did not receive noticeable national airplay.
 Since its release, "Sample" has become a staple of the band's live concert set-lists.
Amber, Amber's second album, was released in 1999 on Tommy Boy Records, and features Dance-pop, Hi-NRG, House music, and Urban contemporary songs.
 It is her most well-received album by the American Pop mainstream to date.
 She co-wrote three songs with songwriters/producers Rick Nowels and Billy Steinberg: "Sexual (Li Da Di)," "Above the Clouds," and "Love One Another."
 The song "Above the Clouds" was featured in the Season Three finale of the television series "Sex and The City."
"Not on Drugs" is a song by Swedish recording artist and songwriter Tove Lo for her debut extended play "Truth Serum" and her debut studio album "Queen of the Clouds", both of which were released in 2014.
 It was co-written by Lo together with its producers, Alx Reuterskiöld and The Struts.
 The recording premiered on 24 February 2014 on Swedish radio station P3 as a promotional single from "Truth Serum".
 After the release of "Queen of the Clouds", it was sent to American modern rock radio stations on 25 November 2014.
 The track is, however, not considered part of the promotion for the record, since its other scheduled releases were cancelled in order to promote "Talking Body", the album's second single.
