" Les Champs magnétiques " "(The Magnetic Fields)" is a book by André Breton and Philippe Soupault.
 It is famed as the first work of literary Surrealism.
 Published in 1920, the authors used a surrealist automatic writing technique.
Article spinning is a specific writing technique used in search engine optimization (SEO) and in other applications.
 Website authors may use article spinning on their own sites to reduce the similarity ratio of rather redundant pages or pages with thin content.
 Content spinning works by rewriting existing articles, or parts of articles, and replacing specific words, phrases, sentences, or even entire paragraphs with any number of alternate versions to provide a slightly different variation with each spin.
 This process can be completely automated or written manually.
Tybalt is the main antagonist in William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet".
 He is the son of Lady Capulet's brother, Juliet's short-tempered first cousin, and Romeo's rival.
 Tybalt shares the same name as the character Tibert/Tybalt the "Prince of Cats" in "Reynard the Fox", a point of mockery in the play.
 Mercutio repeatedly calls Tybalt "Prince of Cats" (perhaps referring not only to Reynard but to the Italian word cazzo as well).
 Luigi da Porto adapted the story as "Giulietta e Romeo" and included it in his "Historia novellamente ritrovata di due Nobili Amanti" published in 1530.
 Da Porto drew on "Pyramus and Thisbe" and Giovanni Boccaccio's "Decameron".
 He gave it much of its modern form, including the lovers' names, the rival families of Montecchi and Capuleti, and the location in Verona.
 He also introduces characters corresponding to Shakespeare's Mercutio, Tybalt, and Paris.
 Da Porto presents his tale as historically true and claims it took place in the days of Bartolomeo II della Scala (a century earlier than Salernitano).
 Montague and Capulet were actual 13th-century political factions, but the only connection between them is a mention in Dante's" Purgatorio" as an example of civil dissension.
The second season of the American television series "Arrow" premiered on The CW on October 10, 2013 and concluded on May 14, 2014 with a total of 23 episodes.
 The series is based on the DC Comics character Green Arrow, a costumed crime-fighter created by Mort Weisinger and George Papp.
 The showrunners for this season were Greg Berlanti, Marc Guggenheim and Andrew Kreisberg.
 This season introduces characters from "The Flash", which was being developed as a potential spin-off at the time.
Bob Ong is the pseudonym of a contemporary Filipino author known for using conversational writing technique to create humorous and reflective depictions of Philippine life.
 The author's actual name and identity is unknown.
Lieben lassen is the erotic romance novel from authors Ariane Sommer and Roman Libbertz.
 Published in September 2015 it is notable for its explicit erotic scenes and unusual writing technique.
 The story's narration alternates between the perspectives of the male and the female protagonists.
Show, don't tell is a technique often employed in various kinds of texts to enable the reader to experience the story through action, words, thoughts, senses, and feelings rather than through the author's exposition, summarization, and description.
 The goal is not to drown the reader in heavy-handed adjectives, but rather to allow readers to interpret significant details in the text.
 The technique applies equally to nonfiction and all forms of fiction, literature including Haiku and Imagism poetry in particular, speech, movie making, and playwriting.
Allison Gross, a hideous witch, tries to bribe the narrator to be her "leman".
 She combed his hair, first.
 When a scarlet mantle, a silk shirt with pearls, and a golden cup all fail, she blows on a horn three times, making an oath to make him regret it; then she strikes him with a silver wand, turning him into a wyrm (dragon) bound to a tree.
 His sister Maisry came to him to comb his hair.
 One day the Seelie Court came by, and a queen stroked him three times, turning him back into his proper form.
Karma is a 2014 novel written by Karanam Pavan Prasad.
 Karma is a contemporary novel dealing with inner conflicts such as identity, faith with respect to the ritual orthodoxy and customs of the society.
 The novel thoroughly narrated the difference between Faith and Belief in such a way that each and every character, including the protagonist of the novel get penetrated by that derivation.
 Details documented about the Hindu death rituals within the story-line are absolute novel writing technique adopted by the writer.
 The Novel got an immense response from the literature world.
 Within the year of its release Novel went on with third edition and reached worldwide Kannada readers.
The rule of three is a writing principle that suggests that events or characters introduced in threes are more humorous, satisfying, or effective in execution of the story and engaging the reader.
 The reader or audience of this form of text is also thereby more likely to remember the information conveyed.
 This is because having three entities combines both brevity and rhythm with having the smallest amount of information to create a pattern.
 It makes the author or speaker appear knowledgeable while being both simple and catchy.
