Ingerophrynus gollum (Gollum's toad) is a species of true toad.
 It has only been recorded from Endau-Rompin National Park, Johor, in closed-canopy lowland forests in the early evening following brief periods of afternoon precipitation.
 It is called "gollum" with reference of the eponymous character of The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien.
The Burning Red is the third album by the American groove metal band Machine Head.
 It is the band's second best selling album in the US, selling as many copies in three years as "Burn My Eyes" sold in almost eight years (1994–2002) .
 The album has sold over 134,000 copies in the US and it was certified silver in 2011 by the BPI for sales of 60,000 in the UK.
Gollum is a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium.
 He was introduced in the 1937 fantasy novel "The Hobbit", and became an important supporting character in its sequel, "The Lord of the Rings".
 Gollum was a Stoor Hobbit of the River-folk, who lived near the Gladden Fields.
 Originally known as Sméagol, he was corrupted by the One Ring and later named Gollum after his habit of making "a horrible swallowing noise in his throat".
From Unknown Worlds is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by John W. Campbell, Jr. and illustrated by Edd Cartier, the first of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine "Unknown" of the 1930s-40s.
 It was first published in magazine format by American company Street & Smith in 1948; the publication was an attempt to determine if there was a market for a revived "Unknown".
 Street & Smith printed 300,000 copies, against the advice of John Campbell, but although it sold better than the original, too many copies were returned for the publisher to be willing to revive the magazine.
 The first British edition was issued by Atlas Publishing in 1952; part of the run was issued in a hardcover binding.
 This edition omitted the story "One Man's Harp."
.
Suanfa tongzong (General Source of Computational Methods) is a mathematical text written by sixteenth century Chinese mathematician Cheng Dawei (1533–1606) and published in the year 1592.
 The book contains 595 problems divided into 17 chapters.
 The book is essentially general arithmetic for the abacus.
 The book was the main source available to scholars concerning mathematics as it developed in China’s tradition.
 Six years after the publication of Suanfa Tongzong, Cheng Dawei published another book titled "Suanfa Zuanyao" ("A Compendium of calculating Methods").
 About 90% of the content of the new book came from the contents of four chapters of the first book with some rearrangement.
 It is said that when Suanfa Tongzong was first published, it sold so many copies that the cost of paper went up and the lucrative sales resulted in unscrupulous people beginning to print pirated copies of the book with many errors.
 it was this that forced the author to print an abridged version.
"Gollum" details how a three-week commission for Andy Serkis to provide a voice-over for Gollum grew into a five-year commitment to breathe life and soul into "The Lord of the Rings"' most challenging creation.
 Andy Serkis tackles various subjects throughout the book, including character conception (Gollum's "cough" is derived from his cat coughing up a hairball) as well as the hard work it took to act out Gollum and replace it with CGI.
 He also discusses the controversy of whether he should have been eligible for an Academy Award for his work as Gollum.
Sega All Stars was Sega's budget series for the Dreamcast, similar to Platinum Hits, Greatest Hits, and Player's Choice, for games that have sold many copies.
 When a title became a Sega All Stars title, it was sold at a lower price ($19.95) and given reprinted labeling.
 Sega All Stars was exclusive to North America, game covers were given an orange bar (as opposed to Europe's blue color scheme) with the brand name written from top to bottom.
 The disc labels were also changed to include a small circle and the Sega All Stars brand printed inside of it.
 17 titles were made into Sega All Stars titles.
 Also, in printing, original releases said "Sega Dreamcast" on the disc but the All-stars versions just simply said "Dreamcast" to match up games released with the black label like "D2", "Jet Set Radio", "Sega GT", and "Sonic Adventure 2".
 Original Dreamcast games were released in the white labels and said "Sega Dreamcast" on the inlay like the Sega All-stars labels.
Ingerophrynus is a genus of true toads with 12 species.
 These species distributed in southern Yunnan and Indochina; peninsular Thailand and Malaya to Sumatra, Borneo, Java, Nias Island, Sulawesi, and the Philippines.
 This genus was established after a major taxonomical revision of frogs.
 Ten of the species in this genus were formerly considered species of the genus "Bufo".
 In 2007 a new species, "Ingerophrynus gollum", was added to this genus.
 This species is named after the character Gollum created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
The cosmological interpretation of quantum mechanics, proposed by Anthony Aguirre and Max Tegmark, is an interpretation of quantum mechanics that applies in the context of eternal cosmological inflation, which arguably predicts an infinite three-dimensional space with infinitely many planets and infinitely many copies of any quantum system.
 According to this interpretation, the wavefunction for a quantum system describes not some imaginary ensemble of possibilities for what the system might be doing, but rather the actual spatial collection of identical copies of the system that exist in our infinite space.
 Its collapse can be avoided.
 Moreover, the quantum uncertainty that you experience simply reflects your inability to self-locate in space, i.e., to know which of your infinitely many copies throughout space is the one having your subjective perceptions.
Gollum is a genus of ground sharks in the family Pseudotriakidae, native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean.
 The genus was described in 1973 by biologist Leonard Compagno, who named it named after the character Gollum from J. R. R. Tolkien's works, noting the species "Gollum attenuatus" (the slender smooth-hound) "bears some resemblance in form and habits".
