The Allied invasion of Italy was the Allied amphibious landing on mainland Italy that took place on 3 September 1943 during the early stages of the Italian Campaign of World War II.
 The operation was undertaken by General Sir Harold Alexander's 15th Army Group (comprising General Mark W. Clark and General Bernard Montgomery's British Eighth Army) and followed the successful invasion of Sicily.
 The main invasion force landed around Salerno on 9 September on the western coast in Operation Avalanche, while two supporting operations took place in Calabria (Operation Baytown) and Taranto (Operation Slapstick).
MLS Cup 2003, the eighth edition of Major League Soccer's championship match, was played between the Chicago Fire and the San Jose Earthquakes to decide the champion of the 2003 season.
 The match took place at The Home Depot Center in Carson, California on November 23, 2003.
 San Jose defeated Chicago 4–2 with a goal from Richard Mulrooney in the 50th minute.
 It was San Jose's second MLS Cup victory in three years.
 It was the first MLS Cup in which players from both teams were allowed to wear their primary uniforms.
 It was also the first MLS Cup played between two former MLS Cup champions as well as the highest-scoring final, with 6 goals in total.
The Resistance Tour was a worldwide concert tour by English alternative rock band Muse in support of their fifth studio album "The Resistance".
 The opening European leg began on 22 October 2009 and ended on 4 December 2009, comprising 30 shows.
 The second leg, which began on 7 January 2010, included thirteen shows, seven of which were part of the Australasian Big Day Out shows.
 A North American leg of 26 shows took place in early 2010.
 Nine stadium shows took place in Europe in 2010, with three of those dates taking place at Wembley Stadium and Old Trafford Cricket Ground.
 A second round of North American concerts took place throughout September and October 2010.
 These dates focused on secondary markets and other areas not previously hit on the tour.
 A return to Australasia took place throughout December 2010 and Muse are confirmed as openers for U2's 360° Tour dates in South America in spring 2011 and also played further European shows in the summer of 2011.
 At the conclusion of 2010, the tour was placed on Pollstar's annual "Year End Top 50 Worldwide Concert Tours", and appeared 13th worldwide, earning over $76 million with 64 shows in 2010.
Theodore Rodger Kubiak (born May 12, 1942) is a former switch-hitting infielder for the Kansas City Athletics, the Oakland Athletics, the Milwaukee Brewers, the St. Louis Cardinals, the Texas Rangers, and the San Diego Padres.
 He was a member of the Oakland Athletics teams that won three World Series in a row (1972–74).
 Kubiak still holds the Brewers' record for most RBIs in a single game, seven (later equalled by Jose Hernandez and Richie Sexson), which he set at Boston on July 18, 1970, the team's first year in Milwaukee.
 The record is all the more remarkable given that Kubiak was not known for his batting.
The Sino-Japanese Peace Treaty (Chinese: 中日和平條約 ), commonly known as the Treaty of Taipei (), was a peace treaty between Japan and the Republic of China (ROC) signed in Taipei, Taiwan on April 28, 1952, and took effect on August 5 the same year, marking the formal end of the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–45).
 This treaty was necessary, because neither the Republic of China nor the People's Republic of China was invited to sign the Treaty of San Francisco due to disagreements by other countries as to which government was the legitimate government of China during and after the Chinese Civil War.
 Under pressure from the United States, Japan signed a separate peace treaty with the Republic of China to bring the war between the two states to a formal end with a victory for the ROC.
 Although the ROC itself was not a participant in the San Francisco Peace Conference due to the resumption of the Chinese Civil War after 1945, this treaty largely corresponds to that of San Francisco.
 In particular, the ROC waived service compensation to Japan in this treaty with respect to Article 14(a).1 of the San Francisco Treaty.
Strikeforce: Shamrock vs. Gracie was the inaugural mixed martial arts event promoted by Strikeforce.
 The event took place at the HP Pavilion at San Jose in San Jose, California on March 10, 2006.
 The main event was the long awaited match between Frank Shamrock, returning to the sport after a 3-year absence, and Cesar Gracie.
 The show is also notable for featuring the MMA debut of Cung Le.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Lunin (Russian: Михаил Сергеевич Лунин; December 29, 1787 - December 3, 1845 ), also spelt "Mikhaïl Lounine", was a Russian political philosopher, revolutionary, Mason, Decembrist, a Lieutenant of the Grodno Life Guards regiment and a participant of the Franco-Russian Patriotic War of 1812.
 After a successful career in the military during the Napoleonic invasion, he became involved with multiple liberal Russian secret societies in the early 19th century, including the Union of Salvation and the Union of Welfare, as well as the Northern Society and the Southern Society.
 After the Decembrist Revolt took place in 1825, he was arrested due to his affiliations with the men responsible, and was subsequently exiled to a labor camp in Siberia.
 Lunin spent time in Finnish jails, three different prisons in Siberia, and lived on a farm under the watchful eye of the government during his life as an exile.
 Known for keeping good spirits and maintaining a firm defiance of autocratic rule, Lunin was eventually imprisoned again for writing in "opposition" to the Russian government, and lived out the rest of his life in a cell.
The Battle of Clitheroe was a battle between a force of Scots and English knights and men at arms which took place on 10 June 1138 during the period of The Anarchy.
 The battle was fought on the southern edge of the Bowland Fells, at Clitheroe, Lancashire.
 It took place in the course of an invasion of England by King David I of Scotland.
 In the summer of 1138, King David split his army into two forces.
 One of them, commanded by William fitz Duncan, Mormaer of Moray, marched into Lancashire.
 There he harried Furness and Craven.
 On 10 June, William fitz Duncan was met by a force of knights and men-at-arms.
 A pitched battle took place and the result was that the English army was routed.
 The battle was a prelude to the Battle of the Standard later in the summer, where the result was reversed.
Francisco Jose "Frank" Martin (born March 23, 1966) is an American basketball coach and the current head coach for the University of South Carolina men's basketball team.
 Martin was previously head coach at Kansas State University for five seasons.
 Prior to that, he was an assistant coach at the collegiate level and head basketball coach at three high schools in Miami.
 Martin has led his teams to a total of five NCAA Tournaments as head coach and was named the Big 12 Conference Men's Basketball Coach of the Year in 2010.
Invasion (also typeset as InVasion) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the then World Wrestling Federation (now World Wrestling Entertainment) (WWF/WWE) and presented by PlayStation.
 It took place on July 22, 2001 at the Gund Arena in Cleveland, Ohio.
 This event was initially planned to be called Fully Loaded, as it was advertised at the King of the Ring event, which immediately preceded Invasion.
 Invasion was the first pay-per-view to feature the ongoing Invasion storyline, which featured wrestlers from the WWF taking on a combined force of wrestlers from World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), later known as The Alliance.
 The event featured WWF wrestlers facing WCW and ECW wrestlers.
