Philip Fasano is an executive vice president and the chief information officer at American International Group (AIG).
 Formerly he served as executive vice president and chief information officer at Kaiser Permanente.
 He graduated with a BS degree in computer science from New York Institute of Technology.
Rick Dalzell (born 1957) was the Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President of Amazon.com from 1997 until November 2007.
 During his 10 years at Amazon.com he was the driving force behind the growth of technology, software and services.
 Dalzell had been a corporate officer at Amazon since August 1997, when he was named Vice President (VP) and Chief Information Officer (CIO).
 He was styled a Senior VP in October 2000 and was named to Senior VP, Worldwide Architecture and Platform Software & CIO, in November 2001.
 He retired from Amazon.com on November 16, 2007.
The Central Information Commission (CIC) set up under the Right to Information Act is the authorised body, established in 2005, under the Government of India to act upon complaints from those individuals who have not been able to submit information requests to a Central Public Information Officer or State Public Information Officer due to either the officer not have been appointed, or because the respective Central Assistant Public Information Officer or State Assistant Public Information Officer refused to receive the application for information under the RTI Act.
 The President of India, Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated the 8th Annual Convention of Central Information Commission (CIC) on 2 September 2013.
Terry Halvorsen is a retired American military officer who is a former Chief Information Officer at the US Department of Defense.
 He previously served as the Acting Department of Defense Chief Information Officer and the Department of the Navy Chief Information Officer.
Information officer is the title of the role assigned to the person responsible for encouraging responsible persons to comply with the principles and conditions for the lawful processing of personal information.
 The title "information officer" is synonymous with that of "data protection officer", as established in terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
 However, the role of information officer or data protection officer is not the same as that of chief privacy officer in the United States.
CIO-Plus is a movement which is coined by Peter High, a columnist for Forbes and author of the book World Class IT, which signifies the growing trend that chief information officers, usually the heads of the IT function of companies, are increasingly taking on titles in addition to "chief information officer", such as "chief innovation officer", "chief improvement officer", "head of business transformation" and "Senior Vice President – Technology, Logistics and Customer Service".
Hossein Eslambolchi is an Iranian-American innovator, engineer and author, best known for his prominent role in AT&T, very popular blogs on Linkedin, besides being one of the top 10 most prolific inventors with over 1145+ patents List of Prolific Inventors .
 He joined AT&T Bell Laboratories in 1985, and rose to become, in 2005, both Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer of the company.
 He became an Officer of the company in 2003, as well as a member of AT&T's governing Executive Committee and became AT&T Chief Technology Officer, AT&T Chief Information Officer, President and CEO of AT&T Labs and President and CEO of AT&T Global Network Operations.
 He left AT&T soon after its takeover by SBC in 2006.
Les Ottolenghi is the Executive Vice President & Chief Information Officer for Caesars Entertainment Corporation, a role he assumed in January 2016.
 Ottolenghi was previoulsy the Chief Information Officer at Las Vegas Sands Corporation.
Chief information officer (CIO), chief digital information officer (CDIO) or information technology (IT) director, is a job title commonly given to the most senior executive in an enterprise responsible for the information technology and computer systems that support enterprise goals.
 Typically, the CIO reports directly to the chief executive officer but may also report to the chief operating officer or chief financial officer.
 In military organizations, they report to the commanding officer.
 The Chief Information Officer role was first defined in 1981 by William R. Synnott, former Senior Vice President of the Bank of Boston, and William H. Gruber, former professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management.
Priscilla Guthrie joined the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) as the Intelligence Community (IC) Chief Information Officer on May 26, 2009.
 She was previously Director of the Information Technology and Systems Division of the Institute for Defense Analyses, a non-profit corporation that administers three federally funded research and development centers to provide objective analyses of national security issues.
 From 2001 to 2006, she served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense (Deputy Chief Information Officer) at the Department of Defense, where she was responsible for information support to deployed forces.
 Prior to her position at the Pentagon, Ms. Guthrie was a Vice President of TRW Inc., where she established and led a small, global unit responsible for driving new IT technology into the company's business.
 She also served in several other positions at TRW, Inc. during her career.
 Ms. Guthrie holds a B.S. from Pennsylvania State University and an M.B.A. from Marymount College.
