"Virus" is a single from Iron Maiden, released in 1996.
 It is the first single since 1980's "Women in Uniform" that does not appear on any official Iron Maiden studio album.
 It was, however, featured as a brand new track on the band's first ever career retrospective — 1996's double-disc "Best of the Beast".
 It is the only Iron Maiden song to be credited to both of the band's guitarists.
 It has never been performed live by Iron Maiden, but Blaze Bayley performed it several times in his solo career.
 Lyrically, the song warns of rising business corruption in an increasingly Internet-dependent world.
Eddie Rips Up the World Tour was a concert tour by Iron Maiden in 2005 based on bringing back rarities from the first four Iron Maiden albums for the younger audience ("Iron Maiden", "Killers", "The Number of the Beast" and "Piece of Mind"), brought about by the band's 2004 DVD "".
The Raven Age is an English heavy metal band formed in London in 2009 by guitarists Dan Wright and George Harris (son of Iron Maiden bassist Steve Harris).
 In 2014 the band recorded and released their self-titled EP before supporting Steve Harris British Lion and Tremonti on separate tours.
 The band then supported Iron Maiden on The Book of Souls World Tour in 2016.
 On 2 August 2016 the band announced their debut album "Darkness Will Rise" would be released in December 2016, but it ended up being released in March 2017.
 The band supported Anthrax on the Among The Kings European Tour in 2017.
Iron Maiden are a British heavy metal band, founded in 1975 by bassist Steve Harris in London, England.
 After several personnel changes in the 1970s, the band settled on a lineup of Harris, Paul Di'Anno (lead vocals), Dave Murray (lead and rhythm guitars), Dennis Stratton (backing vocals, lead and rhythm guitar) and Clive Burr (drums), before they set out on their first professional tour, the Metal for Muthas Tour which supported the compilation album of the same name.
 After taking on a supporting slot with Judas Priest on their British Steel Tour and setting out on their own headline tour in support of their debut album, "Iron Maiden", the band supported Kiss on the European leg of their Unmasked Tour, following which Stratton was dismissed because of musical differences.
 Guitarist Adrian Smith was hired, following which Iron Maiden set out on a short series of UK dates before recording their second studio album, "Killers".
The Killer World Tour was a concert tour by the heavy metal band Iron Maiden from 17 February 1981 to 15 November 1981.
 This would be the band's first world tour, including their debut shows in North America (where they supported Judas Priest on their World Wide Blitz Tour and UFO on select dates) and Japan where they recorded the live release, "Maiden Japan".
 On top of this, the band moved into larger venues in the United Kingdom, including the Hammersmith Odeon, London.
The World Wide Blitz Tour was a 1981 concert tour by British heavy metal band Judas Priest where the band toured in Europe as well as the U.S. from February 13 to Deceber 14, 1981 in support of the 1981 album "Point of Entry".
The Ballroom Blitz Tour is a concert tour by Nu metal band Korn in support of their ninth studio album "".
 The album marks the return of producer Ross Robinson, who produced the band's self-titled album in 1994 and its follow-up "Life Is Peachy" in 1996.
 Much like the new album, the Ballroom Blitz Tour is said to recreate the band's early sound.
 The tour is also set in smaller venues similar to the band's early tours.
 Frontman Jonathan Davis explained that "early tours were some of the best times of our lives.
 Now we are looking to bring that vibe back in a big way".
 Opening acts for the tour included 2 Cents, Big Jay Oakerson, Dimmu Borgir, Rise to Remain and Shihad.
Iron Maiden are an English heavy metal band formed by bassist Steve Harris in 1975.
 The band's first album, 1980's "Iron Maiden", was written primarily by Harris, with vocalist Paul Di'Anno co-writing two tracks and guitarist Dave Murray contributing "Charlotte the Harlot".
 The 1981 follow-up, "Killers", was written almost entirely by the bassist, with frontman Di'Anno contributing only to the title track, "Killers" (the North American bonus track "Twilight Zone" was credited to Harris and Murray).
 Bruce Dickinson replaced Di'Anno after the release of "Killers", although he did not contribute any songwriting to "The Number of the Beast", released in 1982, which featured three songs co-written by guitarist Adrian Smith.
 "The Number of the Beast" also spawned Iron Maiden's first UK Singles Chart top ten in the form of "Run to the Hills", which charted at number seven on its release.
 It was not until 1983's "Piece of Mind" that the songwriting process became a more varied and collaborative approach, with just four of its nine tracks being credited solely to Harris, two to Dickinson and Smith, one to Harris and Murray, one to Dickinson alone, and one to Harris, Dickinson, and Smith.
 The Dickinson and Smith-penned "Flight of Icarus" was the first Iron Maiden single to chart in the United States, reaching number eight on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock chart.
The Iron Maiden Tour was a 1980 concert tour by Iron Maiden in support of their eponymous debut album.
 The band's first solo headlining tour, it followed the co-headlined Metal for Muthas Tour from earlier in the same year.
 The tour commenced with a British leg from 1 April to 23 August, although this included one concert in Finland, before the band supported Kiss on their Unmasked Tour from 24 August to 16 October, immediately following which guitarist Dennis Stratton was sacked and replaced with Adrian Smith.
 After Smith was hired, the band decided to undertake another British tour, taking place from 21 November to 21 December.
Bruce Dickinson, a British heavy metal singer, has released six studio albums, two live albums, one compilations, ten singles, three video albums, fourteen music videos, and one box set.
 In 1979, after playing in local groups, Dickinson joined hard rock band Samson.
 He departed after two years to become Iron Maiden's lead vocalist.
 His debut with this band is considered a "masterpiece", which was followed with a series of top-ten releases.
 In 1989, while Iron Maiden were taking a year off, Dickinson and former Gillan guitarist, Janick Gers, composed a song for .
 His solo debut, "Tattooed Millionaire" (1990), was an effort that favoured a hard rock/pop metal approach, different from what fans assumed would be an aggressive, Iron Maiden-like album.
 Four songs—the title track, "Dive!
 Dive!
 Dive!
", "Born in '58", and a cover version of David Bowie's "All the Young Dudes"—were released as singles.
 Dickinson returned to Iron Maiden, accompanied by Gers as the new guitarist, and the project went on hiatus. "
Dive!
 Dive!
 Live!
" was a live video recorded from a concert in Los Angeles, California, in August 1990, and released in July 1991.
