The Mexican Mafia (Spanish: "Mafia Mexicana"), also known as La eMe (Spanish for "the M"), is a highly organized Mexican American criminal organization in the United States.
 Despite its name, the Mexican Mafia did not originate in Mexico, and is entirely a U.S. criminal prison organization.
 Sureños, including MS-13 is a Mexican gange.
 and Florencia 13, use the number 13 to show allegiance to the Mexican Mafia.
 M is the 13th letter of the alphabet.
 Law enforcement officials report that La eMe is the most powerful gang within the California prison system.
 Government officials state that there are currently 155–300 official members of the Mexican Mafia with around 990 associates who assist La eMe in carrying out its illegal activities in the hopes of becoming full members.
The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase.
 The story revolves around the fictional character, New Jersey-based Italian American mobster Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini).
 The series portrays the difficulties he faces as he tries to balance the conflicting requirements of his home life and his criminal organization.
 These are often highlighted during his therapy sessions with psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco).
 The series features Tony's family members, mafia colleagues and rivals, in prominent roles and story arcs, most notably his wife Carmela (Edie Falco) and protégé Christopher Moltisanti (Michael Imperioli).
Operation Power Outage was a law enforcement sting operation targeted at arresting and indicting members of the Armenian American criminal group Armenian Power operating in the United States.
 The group is accused of racketeering offenses, bank fraud schemes, kidnappings, and drug trafficking.
 Armenian Power (also known as AP-13) which originated 20 years ago in East Hollywood and has over 200 members, has developed from a street gang into an international criminal organization.
Armenian Power, also known as West Side AP XIII, AP, the Armenian Mob, or Armenian Mafia is an Armenian American criminal organization and street gang located in Los Angeles County, California.
 They are involved in drug trafficking, murder, assault, fraud, identity theft, illegal gambling, kidnapping, racketeering, robbery and extortion.
 They are believed to have over 150 documented members and hundreds of associates, according to the U.S. attorney’s office.
The National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame is a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit institution honoring exceptional U.S. athletes of Italian descent.
 In 1977 George Randazzo created the Italian American Boxing Hall of Fame.
 This was as a means for raising money for local Catholic youth programs.
 After a successful year and dinner honoring 23 former Italian American boxing champions, Randazzo created the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame.
 The original location was in Elmwood Park, Illinois.
 The first induction ceremony honored Lou Ambers, Eddie Arcaro, Charley Trippi, Gino Marchetti, Dom DiMaggio, Joe DiMaggio, and Vince Lombardi.
 Since its founding in 1978, more than 230 Italian Americans have been inducted into this hall of fame.
Joseph "Baldie" LoPiccolo (1918–1999) was an American criminal and member of the New York Gambino crime family and a capo under Santo Trafficante, Jr.'s criminal organization.
 His specialty was narcotics trafficking.
The Barrow Gang was an American criminal organization active between 1932 and 1934.
 They were well known outlaws, robbers, and criminals who as a gang traveled the Central United States during the Great Depression.
 Their exploits were known nationwide.
 They captured the attention of the American press and its readership during what is sometimes referred to as the "public enemy era."
 Though the gang was notorious for the bank robberies they committed, they preferred to rob small stores or gas stations over banks.
 The gang was believed to have killed at least nine police officers, among several other murders.
The Philadelphia crime family, (pronounced ] ) also known as the Philadelphia Mafia, the Philly Mob/Mafia, the Bruno-Scarfo family, the South Philly Mob/Mafia, or the Philadelphia-South Jersey Mob/Mafia is an Italian American criminal organization based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 Formed and based in South Philadelphia, the family primarily operates in various areas and neighborhoods throughout the Philadelphia metropolitan area and Delaware Valley, Southeastern Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, especially South Jersey.
 The Philadelphia family is notorious for its violence, due in particular to its succession of violent bosses and multiple mob wars.
The Los Angeles crime family is an Italian American criminal organization based in California, as part of the American Mafia (or Cosa Nostra).
 Since its inception in the early 20th century, it has spread throughout Southern California.
 Like most Mafia families in the United States, the L.A. crime family gained power bootlegging during the Prohibition Era.
 The L.A. family reached its peak in the 1940s and early 1950s under Jack Dragna, who was on The Commission, although the L.A. family was never bigger than the New York or Chicago families.
 Since his death the crime family has been on a gradual decline, with the Chicago Outfit representing them on The Commission.
The Italian American One Voice Coalition is a nationwide anti-bias organization that defends Italian American heritage and combats all forms of bigotry through information, education, legislation, and advocacy.
 Its goal is to project a united front in dealing with defamation, discrimination and negative stereotyping of Italian American culture and heritage.
 It is the only national Italian American organization of its type.
