American Airlines Flight 28 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight that crashed on October 23, 1942 in Chino Canyon, near Palm Springs, California after being struck by a United States Army Air Forces B-34 'Lexington' bomber.
 The B-34 suffered only minor damage, and landed safely at the Army Airport of the Sixth Ferrying Command, Palm Springs, California.
Trenton–Mercer Airport (IATA: KTTN, ICAO: TTN) is a county-owned, joint civil–military, public airport located four miles northwest of Trenton in the West Trenton section of Ewing Township, Mercer County, New Jersey.
 Formerly known as Mercer County Airport, the airport serves two scheduled airlines plus general and corporate aviation.
 The US Department of Transportation reports that approximately 399,000 passengers departed and 395,000 arrived at the airport between June 2014 and May 2015, a total of 794,000 passengers.
Francisco Lupini Basagoiti (born 5 September 1989, in Caracas, Venezuela) was named the best Latino director on the East Coast by the Director's of America for his directing in the short film El Nido Vacío (The Empty Nest) in 2012.
 Now a New York-based filmmaker, Francisco was born in Caracas, Venezuela to Spanish and Italian parents.
 Over the past 5 years Francisco's films have earned him over 60 Official Festival Selections around the world.
 He has received multiple Audience Awards at festivals including Chicago Latino Film Festival and the Palm Springs International Shortfest.
 He was awarded the Golden Palm Award at the Mexico International Film Festival, Best Short Film at the Columbus International Film + Video Festival and a special mention for Best Drama at the Trieste Festival of Latin American Cinema in Italy.
Palm Springs International Film Festival is a film festival held in Palm Springs, California.
 Originally promoted by Mayor Sonny Bono and then sponsored by Nortel Networks Corporation, it started in 1989 and is held annually in January.
 It is run by the Palm Springs International Film Society, which also runs the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films (ShortFest), a festival of short films and film market in June.
Amexica is a 2010 American short film starring Joseph Ferrante and AnnaLynne McCord.
 It was written and directed by Ronald Krauss.
 It has won "Best Short Film" at such festivals as the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films, Mexico International Film Festival, the Hawaii International Film Festival in Honolulu, Malibu International Film Festival, and The Beijing International Film Festival.
Palm Springs International Airport (IATA: PSP, ICAO: KPSP, FAA LID: PSP) , formerly Palm Springs Municipal Airport, is a public airport two miles (3 km) east of downtown Palm Springs, California.
 The airport covers 940 acre and has two runways.
 The airport is highly seasonal, with most flights operating during the winter.
Naval Air Warfare Center Trenton was a United States Navy facility in the West Trenton section of Ewing Township, New Jersey, just outside the city of Trenton.
 Opened in 1953, the center encompassed 528 acres on Parkway Avenue in Ewing, directly adjacent to the Trenton–Mercer Airport.
 It was used as a jet engine test facility for the US Navy until its closure per recommendations of the 1993 Base Closure and Realignment Commission.
 Nearly 700 civilian positions were lost, most of which were relocated to other facilities in Maryland and Tennessee.
 The base's Marine operations were transferred to Fort Dix, which has since become Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst.
 A charity to end homelessness acquired the base at no cost in October 2013 in a process involving the United States Department of Defense, the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, Mercer County and Ewing Township.
The Palm Canyon Times was a bi-weekly newspaper and magazine primarily for Palm Springs, California and the adjoining cities in Palm Springs areas of the Coachella Valley.
 The newspaper was named after the main valley thoroughfare called "Palm Canyon Drive" within Palm Springs.
 As a community newspaper it focused on local personalities, community leaders and businesses, charitable organizations and upcoming events in the community.
 The newspaper was an early supporter of the Palm Springs International Film Festival working with founder Mayor Sonny Bono and Festival Chairman, Craig Prater.
 The newspaper was also a supporter of many local entertainment venues in the city promoting upcoming events and shows with pre-reviews and editorials, to maximize local support.
 A free publication, the newspaper was supported by print advertising and subscriptions, with circulation in excess of 22,000 per edition, a staff of 18 part-time writers, and full-time production, circulation and graphics personnel.
Giona Ostinelli (born March 12, 1986) is a Swiss–Italian composer who resides and works in Los Angeles.
 He has written scores for over 30 feature films that premiered at Sundance Film Festival, Tribeca Film Festival, Cannes International Film Festival, South by Southwest Film Festival, Fantastic Fest, FrightFest, Cincinnati Film Festival, Hamptons International Film Festival, Palm Springs International Film Festival, Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival, Chicago International Children's Film Festival, among others.
 Ostinelli's score for breakout psychological thriller "Darling" released by Lakeshore Records and fan favorite Mondo Records has been described as "one of the most interesting and innovative soundscapes...".
 His soundtrack for "POD" has been shortlisted for the Academy Awards for Best Original Score.
Congress Avenue is a 28.9 mi long north–south arterial road serving central Palm Beach County, Florida.
 A 4.8 mi section from Palm Springs to Palm Beach International Airport encompasses Florida State Road 807 (SR 807), while the remaining southern section is officially known––but seldom referenced to––as County Road 807.
 In addition, a segment north of the airport exists without state or county designation.
