Yahudi Ki Ladki (The Jew's Daughter) is a 1933 Urdu/Hindi costume drama film directed by Premankur Atorthy.
 Produced by New Theatres Ltd.
 Calcutta, the cast included K. L. Saigal, Rattan Bai, Pahari Sanyal, Gul Hamid, Nawab and Kumar.
 The film was adapted from Agha Hashar Kashmiri’s play of the same name "Yahudi Ki Larki" which had been written in Bengali as "Misar Kumari".
 He also wrote the screenplay and lyrics.
 The film saw Pankaj Mullick's debut as a Hindi music director.
 The dialogues were by Wajahat Mirza.
 The story revolves around the rivalry and revenge between the Jewish merchant Prince Ezra and the Roman priest Brutus.
Dikshul is a 1943 Indian Bengali film directed by Premankur Atorthy.
 The film was produced by New Theatres Ltd, Calcutta.
 Its music direction was by Pankaj Mullick and the cinematographer was Rabi Dhar.
 The lyricist for the film was Kazi Nazrul Islam who was famous as the Bidrohi Kavi (Rebel Poet).
 The film marked the entry of actress and singer Binota Roy as a playback singer.
 The cast included
Dui Purush (Two Generations) is a 1945 Bengali language epic family drama film directed by Subodh Mitra.
 Produced by New Theatres and adapted from Tarashankar Banerji's novel and popular stage play, it had screenplay by Binoy Chatterjee.
 The editing was done by Mitra, who was popularly known as Kachi Babu, and cited as one of the best editors in the film industry.
 Music director was Pankaj Mullick with lyrics by Sailen Roy.
 The cinematographers were Sudhin Majumdar and Yusuf Mulji.
 The cast included Chhabi Biswas, Chandravati, Sunanda Banerjee, Ahindra Choudhury, Tulsi Chakraborty, Jahar Ganguly, Naresh Mitra.
Ajit Singh Varman (Hindi: अजीत वर्मन ; 26 March 1947 – 15 December 2016), sometimes also credited as Ajit Verman, was an Indian film music composer.
 He started his career in the 1960s as a musician for the likes of Satyajit Ray, Mrinal Sen, Pankaj Mullick and Salil Chowdhury in Calcutta (now Kolkata) as well as Shankar Jaikishan and Laxmikant Pyarelal in the 1970s in Mumbai (then Bombay) till 1975 when he decided to make the transition to full-time music direction.
Dui Purush is a 1978 Bengali film directed by Sushil Mukhopadhyay.
The film has bean music composed by Kalipada Sen.
Dushman is a 1939 Hindi social romantic drama film.
 It was directed by Nitin Bose for New Theatres Calcutta Production.
 The film starred K. L. Saigal, Leela Desai, Najmul Hassan, Prithviraj Kapoor, Nemo and Jagdish Sethi.
 The music was composed by Pankaj Mullick and the lyrics were written by Arzu Lucknavi.
 Nitin Bose besides directing also wrote the story and wielded the camera for the film.
 The dialogue writer was Sudarshan.
 The story subject about tuberculosis was suggested as a propaganda film by Viceroy Lord Linlithgow and his wife, who were then the Chairman and Patron of King George’s Tuberculosis Fund.
Pankaj Mullick, also known as Pankaj Kumar Mullick ("Pôngkoj Kumar Mollik"; 10 May 1905 – 19 February 1978), was a Bengali Indian music director, who was a pioneer of film music in Bengali cinema and Hindi cinema at the advent of playback singing, as well as an early exponent of Rabindra Sangeet.
Zindagi (Life) is a 1940 Indian Bollywood film directed by P.C. Barua.
 It was the highest grossing Indian film of 1940.
 The music, by Pankaj Mullick, features songs such as "So Ja Rajkumari" and "Jeevan Asha Hai".
 It starred K. L. Saigal, Jamuna, Pahari Sanyal, Shyam Laha, Sitara Devi, and Nemo.
 The film has been described as one of Barua's "most beautiful films, and his last for New Theatres".
Dharti Mata is a 1938 Hindi social film directed by Nitin Bose.
 The film was also made and in Bengali as "Desher Mati" in the same year by New Theatres.
 It starred K.L. Saigal, Uma Shashi, Jagdish Sethi, Kamlesh Kumari, and K. C. Dey.
 The music was by Pankaj Mullick and lyricist and dialogue writer was Pandit Sudarshan.
 The story, screenplay and cinematography was by Nitin Bose.
 The story is about two friends Ashok and Ajay, one interested in agriculture and the other in technology.
 Ashok goes to the village to help the farmers while Ajay goes to UK for higher studies in engineering.
 The film highlights the need of technology and new concepts for effective farming.
Karodpati also called "Millionaire" is a Hindi/Urdu 1936 comedy film directed by Hemchander Chunder.
 The film was produced by New Theatres Ltd.
 Calcutta, and the music was composed by R. C. Boral with the assistance of Pankaj Mullick.
 The lyrics were written by Kidar Sharma who also acted in the film.
 The film starred K. L. Saigal, Sardar Akhtar, Molina Devi, Pahari Sanyal, Nawab, Trilok Kapoor, Rajkumari, and Kidar Sharma.
 The film showcased K. L. Saigal performing a farcical-comedy role which was a different format from his normal tragedy based stories.
 The story revolves around a cinema-crazy young man who wins a lottery, leading to a series of comedic situations when his friends join him.
