Michael Louden (April 21, 1964 – September 4, 2004) was born in Marblehead, Massachusetts and went on to become an actor.
 He studied theater at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill but graduated from Juilliard.
 He started as a 1988-day player on daytime soap "Another World" but his most notable role was Duke Kramer "As the World Turns".
 Duke was a moody young man who discovered his father was the volatile John Dixon (allowing Louden many scenes with theater powerhouse Larry Bryggman).
 Duke went on to medical school as well as a lengthy relationship with Lien Hughes, played by future "ER" star Ming-Na.
 Louden played the role from 1988 to 1990 and for a brief visit in 1993.
Karl Johnson (born 1 March 1948) is a Welsh actor, notable for acting on stage, film and television.
 His most notable role to date is the title role in Derek Jarman's 1993 film "Wittgenstein".
 He is also well known for the roles of Cato the Younger in the television drama series "Rome" and of Twister Turrill in the BBC costume drama series "Lark Rise to Candleford".
The Show Must Go On, a play by Kōki Mitani, written in 1991 for his theatre group Tokyo Sunshine Boys.
 It was so popular in Japan that it brought media fame to the entire company and gained its star actor Masahiko Nishimura an award for Best Actor, in that year's Japanese Theatre Awards.
Erik Bauersfeld (June 28, 1922 – April 3, 2016) was an American radio dramatist and voice actor.
 His most notable role was providing the voices of Admiral Ackbar and Bib Fortuna in the third film of the original Star Wars trilogy, "Return of the Jedi" (1983).
 He reprised his role as the voice of Admiral Ackbar in "" (2015).
Rohith Manikonda (born 2001) is a child star actor famous for his work in CBBC's TV show, Airmageddon.
 His name derives from the Sanskrit word for 'red' - "Rohita".
 He is perhaps most famous for being the smiliest contestant on the show (term coined by the presenter, Will Best).
 Manikonda was an instant hit with the Airmageddon fanbase, as his outgoing personality and good sportsmanship far outweighed his unfortunate defeat on team Quadrosoar (affectionately dubbed Quadrosnore ) in episode 8 of the first series.
Najwa Najjar (Arabic: نجوى نجار‎ ‎ ) is a Palestinian filmmaker.
 She began her career making commercials and has worked in both documentary and fiction since 1999.
 Her debut feature film 'Pomegranates and Myrrh picked up 10 international awards, sold worldwide and was released theatrically and screened at over 80 international festivals.
 Her second film Eyes of a thief also is a multi award winning thriller based on a true story, and shot entirely in Palestinian Territories.
 with Egyptian multi award-winning star actor and producer Khaled Abol Naga as the lead and the Algerian sensational singer Souad Massi debut as an actress, Eyes of a thief was the oficial Palestinian submission to the 2014 87th Academy Awards ("The Oscars").
Jharana Thapa (Nepali: झरना थापा ) (born March 28, 1970) is a Nepali actress, film producer and film director.
 She make her Kollywood debut in "Daijo" (1996) opposite star actor Bhuwan K.C..
 She played the leading lady role in numerous movies.She received critical acclaim for her breakout role in the 1998 movie "Dharam Sankat".
J. Evan Bonifant (born August 19, 1985) is an American actor.
 As a child actor, he played small parts on television shows and starred in several films, including the lead role in Todd Haynes's "Dottie Gets Spanked" in 1993.
 His most notable role was that of ten-year-old Buster Blues in "Blues Brothers 2000".
 He was nominated for the Young Artist Award in 1995 for his role in "3 Ninjas Kick Back".
 In 2008, Bonifant portrayed the role of Jerko Phoenix in the Disney series "Wizards of Waverly Place".
Warriors of Virtue: The Return to Tao (also known as simply "Warriors of Virtue 2" or "Warriors of Virtue 2: The Return to Tao") is a 2002 fantasy martial arts film, the straight-to-DVD sequel to the 1997 film "Warriors of Virtue".
 This is the last film to star actor Kevin Smith, who died in February 2002 after falling from a prop tower.
Kannada film industry's legendary star actor Rajkumar was abducted by forest Veerappan on July 30, 2000 during the course of an armed attack on a farmhouse belonging to the actor in Gajanur, Tamil Nadu, India.
 Rajkumar was released by Veerappan on November 15, 2000 after spending 108 days in his custody.
 The kidnapping resulted in the further deterioration of already strained relations between the Indian states of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka and created a tense situation in the two states.
