Charles Spencer (born 4 March 1955) is a British journalist.
 He was the chief drama critic of "The Daily Telegraph" from 1991 to 2014, having joined the paper in 1988.
 On 1 September 2014 it was announced that he had decided to take early retirement, and his final review for the paper appeared on the same day.
Li Sheng (; born 1943), is a professor at the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Harbin Institute of Technology (HIT), China.
 He began his research on Chinese-English machine translation in 1985, making himself one of the earliest Chinese scholars in this field.
 After that, he pursued in vast topics of natural language processing, including machine translation, information retrieval, question answering and applied artificial intelligence.
 He was the final review committee member for computer area in NSF China.
Spill.com was a movie and video game review, discussion and news website.
 It was the continuation of the 9 year old Austin, Texas based public-access television cable TV show called "The Reel Deal".
 There were four main film critic contributors to the website, collectively known as the Spill Crew, including Korey Coleman, Chris Cox, Martin Thomas, C. Robert Cargill, and Tony Guerrero.
 Under aliases, with the exception of Coleman, they reviewed movies as animated versions of themselves or in uncut audio reviews, maintaining their personas in weekly podcasts.
 The website was owned by Hollywood.com, under R&S Investments.
 Stylistically, the site strived to maintain a "down-to-earth vibe."
 As of July 2013, Spill.com had over 50,000 registered members.
 On December 6, 2013, it was announced that the site will be shutting down.
 As of December 20, 2013, The URL for the website now redirects to the Hollywood.com website.
 Their final review was for the 2013 Disney film "Saving Mr. Banks".
 Founder Korey Coleman posted on his Facebook page that he cannot share details regarding the shutdown but that he has mostly made peace with "past events" and "everything is fine".
 He also received funds via a successful Kickstarter to start a new website that will be a spiritual successor to "Spill.com" titled "Double Toasted" alongside Martin Thomas.
 Chris Cox, better known as Cyrus, since, started his own website "oneofus.net".
"Sentimientos" "(English: Feelings)" is a song by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen, from her sixth studio album, "Sentimiento" (2007).
 It was composed by Queen, produced by Rafi Mercenario and released as the third single from the album in April 2007.
 The song is a mixture of reggaetón and bachata known as bachaton or bachateo.
 Lyrically, it describes how doing things that are nice or romantic "are more important than material things."
 The song garnered mainly positive reviews from critics, Scott Mahia of About.com gave it a 4 out of 5 stars and praised the dance mixes.
 The song managed to on the "Billboard" Latin Rhythm Songs and "Billboard" Dance Club Play Songs chart at number 22 and 44 respectively.
 Ivy Queen also performed the song as a part of the set of her 2008 World Tour which was held from the José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum known as the Coliseum of Puerto Rico in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
 A remix version with Jowell & Randy was planned but never fulfilled.
Ears Like Golden Bats is the third album by My Teenage Stride.
 Lawrence Lui of CokemachineGlow.com gave it a 69% rating, stating "taking C86 pastoralism and refracting it through the prism of ‘90s lo-fi Amer-indie, Ears Like Golden Bats projects a treble-happy modesty that can be at once charming and cloying".
 Jennifer Kelly of PopMatters described it as "wonderful stuff".
 Alistair Fitchett, in Tangets, described it as "one of the finer albums of the year".
 Magnet featured it in its top 20 albums of 2008 list, and it has appeared on innumerable top 10, 20, and 100 album and song lists in the blogosphere.
Lovedso is the third self-produced solo EP by Svoy.
 It was released internationally on March 18, 2014.
 The album is the first collection of entirely new material by the artist in two years and is a follow-up to "Solved EP" (2012). "
"I am beyond thrilled to share the new music with my fans.
 Making this EP was incredibly satisfying on multiple levels"" said Svoy in a press statement.
 Music critic Chelsea Lewis of TheCelebrityCafe.com gave the album three stars out of five and described it as a ""...Multi-level complex musical vibe"".
 One of the songs on the album was written in collaboration with Grammy-nominated Universal Music Group writer/Platinum producer, Ced Solo.
Jia'nan Qian born in Shanghai and was graduated from Department of Chinese Studies of Fudan University.
 Jia'nan is member of Shanghai Writers Association.
 Her works won the thirty-fourth session of Taiwan's "Times Literary Award" short story Jury Award and twice nominated for literary prize Lin Yu Tang final review.
 Translation of the novel "Pink Hotel" ([English] Anna Stothard, Sichuan Literature and Art Publishing House), more common in the works of "Shanghai Literature" "Fu Rong" "Mengya" "Li" and other publications.
I is the debut album from Wu-Tang Clan-affiliated producer Cilvaringz.
 Cilvaringz limited all production to in-house Wu-Tang producers only, a formula applied to Wu-Tang albums recorded between 1993 and 1997.
 Allmusic.com gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and an "Album of the Month" notation.
 I sold 62800 copies worldwide with the majority of sales in the United States.
The Single Wire Protocol (SWP) is a specification for a single-wire connection between the SIM card and a near field communication (NFC) chip in a cell phone.
 It is currently under final review by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI).
Graeme K. (b. Graeme Kennedy) is a musician, producer, and owner of Mckeenstreet Music, a small, independent record label based in Portland, Maine.
 As an artist, he is known for dense, highly orchestrated compositions utilizing electronics and live instrumentation.
 In 2005, he was selected as one of the ten best unsigned artist in New York City by CMJ and asked to play in the 'Best of the Five Boroughs' concert in Prospect Park.
 In 2008, he released his debut record, "Hidden Beast".
 The Bollard claimed, "The instrumentation and arrangements are astounding."
 Bluesbunny.com gave the record its highest score of 5 stars, calling it, "Music that convinces you.
 Music that will put you under a spell.
 A spell that relieves the mediocrity of existence.
 It's not even about the lyrics or the melody – it's about the effect on you."
