Kamala Nehru Memorial Hospital (KNMH) is a not-for-profit hospital in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.
 The hospital had its beginnings in 1931 as a dispensary founded by Smt.
 Kamala Nehru in her ancestral house Swaraj Bhawan.
 Gandhiji laid the foundation stone of Kamala Nehru Memorial Hospital in 1939.
 KNMH is the only hospital in the country for which he had collected donations.
 Mahatma Gandhi inaugurated this hospital in the memory of Late Smt Kamala Nehru on the 28th February 1941, the date she had died in 1936.
 Since 1994, the Oncology Department of the hospital is a Regional Cancer Centre, recognized by Government of India.
Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital is a 278 bed acute care hospital located in the city of Santa Rosa, California, which is in Sonoma County.
 The hospital, known as "Memorial", is part of the St. Joseph Health hospital system.
 It serves a population of over 500,000 people living in the greater Sonoma County area.
 Memorial Hospital is the regional Level II Trauma Center for Sonoma County, Lake County, Mendocino County, Napa County, and the Marin County coastal region.
New York–Presbyterian Hospital Queens, stylized as NewYork–Presbyterian/Queens (NYP/Q or NYP/Queens), is a not-for-profit acute care and teaching hospital in the Flushing neighborhood of Queens in New York City.
 Formerly operating as Booth Memorial Hospital and New York Hospital Queens (NYHQ), it is located on the northeast corner of Main Street and Booth Memorial Avenue.
 The NewYork–Presbyterian Healthcare System had assumed control of the Booth Memorial Hospital until 2015, when the NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital, headquartered in Manhattan, assumed control and made the Booth Memorial Hospital a Queens campus.
Dr. Fanny Jane Butler (5 October 1850 – 26 October 1889) was a medical missionary from England who was among the first female doctors to travel to India and the first fully trained doctor from England to do so.
 Prior to her work in Kashmir and other parts of India, Butler was a part of the first class of the London School of Medicine for Women, becoming a member of the forefront of female doctors.
 Butler spent seven years in India until her death in 1889 and opened medical dispensaries in Srinagar and Bhagalpur, where no medical facilities had previously existed.
 Butler also initiated the building of the first hospital in Srinagar in 1888 called the John Bishop Memorial Hospital and provided necessary medical care for Indian women, for whom little care had been available.
Memorial Hospital is a hospital located in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
 It was officially opened on January 2, 1952.
 Memorial Hospital is a member of The American Hospital Association, The Tennessee Hospital Association, The Catholic Hospital Association, The Chattanooga Area Hospital Council, and The Chattanooga Area Safety Council.
 Memorial Hospital has grown tremendously since 1952.
 In 1952, Memorial Hospital had 200 beds.
 Today, the hospital has 365 hospital beds.
 It has nearly doubled in size over the 62 years since it opened.
 Memorial is a general hospital that has a wide variety of specialties.
 They have surgical, cardiac, interventional, cancer, orthopedic, and general care services.
 Memorial is known as a leader in Cardiology.
 Memorial is not a teaching hospital but they are a leader in new technology.
Sutter General Hospital, part of the Sutter Health network, is located in midtown, Sacramento next to the historic Sutter's Fort State Park.
 It is also directly adjacent to the Capital City Freeway (Business Route 80).
 The hospital is housed in a five-story building.
 It is one of two acute-care hospitals that are part of Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento, which also consists of Sutter Memorial Hospital, which is located just 2 miles away in East Sacramento and has been called "the baby hospital" because more than 300,000 babies have been born there.
 Sutter General Hospital has 306 beds.
 The hospital focuses on general acute medical/surgical care as well as a medical base to advanced services for cancer, orthopedics, spine, and neurology and neurosurgery.
 Sutter Memorial Hospital houses cardiac care.
 Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento is currently undergoing a major expansion which is detailed here: Sutter Hospital Expansion.
Established in 1891, OhioHealth is a not-for-profit, faith-based system of hospitals and healthcare providers located in Columbus, Ohio and surrounding areas.
 As of 2012, the organization has 21,000 physicians, associates and volunteers and more than $2 billion in net revenue.
 The system consists of 17 hospitals, 20 health and surgery centers, home-health providers, medical equipment and health service suppliers throughout a 40-county area.
 Member hospitals include Riverside Methodist Hospital, Grant Medical Center, Doctors Hospital, Grady Memorial Hospital, Dublin Methodist Hospital, Hardin Memorial Hospital, Marion General Hospital, MedCentral Mansfield Hospital, Doctors Hospital at Nelsonville & O'Bleness Memorial Hospital (Jan. 2014) in Athens, OH.
 OhioHealth is a ministry of the West Ohio Conference of the United Methodist Church.
Isabella Lucy Bird, married name Bishop {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (15 October 1831 – 7 October 1904), was a nineteenth-century English explorer, writer, photographer, and naturalist.
 With Fanny Jane Butler she founded the John Bishop Memorial hospital in Srinagar.
 She was the first woman to be elected Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society.
Newberry County Memorial Hospital is a historic hospital building located at Newberry, Newberry County, South Carolina.
 Newberry County Hospital was built in 1924–1925, and is a two-story, Colonial Revival style brick building.
 Upon opening, the hospital's capacity was 25 beds.
 It was dedicated on December 22, 1925.
 Additions were made to the original building about 1949.
 Also on there are the former Nurse’s Home (c. 1937, c. 1949), the Laundry/Boiler Plant (c. 1925, c. 1949) and storage buildings dating to the 1950s.
 On May 30, 1950, the hospital's name was changed to Newberry County Memorial Hospital to honor the men and women who served in World War II.
 In January 1952, the People's Hospital merged with NCMH.
 In 1963, the north wing was added, increasing the capacity to 72 beds.
 The hospital moved to a new facility at 2669 Kinard Street in May 1976 with a capacity of 102 beds.
Huntington Memorial Hospital is a 625-bed not-for-profit hospital in Pasadena, California.
 The official name of the hospital is Pasadena Hospital DBA (doing business as) Huntington Memorial Hospital, known locally as HMH, Huntington Memorial or Huntington Hospital.
