The St. Gregory the Illuminator Cathedral (Portuguese: "Catedral Armênia São Gregório Iluminador" ) also called Armenian Cathedral of St. Gregory the Illuminator Is the name that receives a religious building affiliated to the Catholic Church that follows the Armenian rite and that is located in the Tiradentes Avenue, 718 Lux of the city of São Paulo in the state of the same name in the South part of the South American country of Brazil.
 It should not be confused with the other Catholic cathedrals of the city that include 4 of Latin rite (the Cathedral of Santo Amaro, Metropolitan Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Cathedral of St. Michael and Cathedral of the Holy Family) and the other 2 of Catholic oriental rites (Melkite Cathedral Our Lady of Paradise and the Maronite Cathedral of Our Lady of Lebanon).
Lancaster Cathedral, also known as The Cathedral Church of St Peter and Saint Peter's Cathedral, is in St Peter's Road, Lancaster, Lancashire, England.
 It was a Roman Catholic parish church until 1924, when it was elevated to the status of a cathedral.
 It started as a mission church in 1798, and the present church was built on a different site in 1857–59.
 It was designed by E. G. Paley in the Gothic Revival style.
 In 1901 a baptistry was added by Austin and Paley, and the east end was reordered in 1995 by Francis Roberts.
 The cathedral is in active use, arranging services, concerts and other events, and is open to visitors.
 The building is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Vernon Sampson Nicholls (1917–1996) was an Anglican clergyman who served in the Church of England as the Bishop of Sodor and Man from 1974 to 1983.
He was born in Truro on 3 September 1917 and educated at Truro School and Durham University.
 He studied for ordination at Clifton Theological College, was ordained in 1941, and held Curacies at Bedminster Down, Bristol, and at Liskeard in Cornwall.
 He was a temporary Chaplain to the Forces from 1944 to 1946.
 Later he was Vicar of Meopham then Rural Dean of Walsall.
 From 1967 to 1974 he was Archdeacon of Birmingham when he was elevated to the Episcopate.
 From 1980 he was also Dean of the newly created Peel Cathedral.
 He died on 2 February 1996 in Stratford-on-Avon.
Peel (Manx: "Purt ny h-Inshey" – Port of the Island) is a seaside town and small fishing port on the Isle of Man, in the parish of German but administered separately.
 It has a castle (on an islet) and a cathedral.
 Peel is the third largest town on the island after Douglas and Ramsey but the fourth largest settlement, as Onchan has the second largest population but is classified as a village.
 Until 2016 (when it was merged with Glenfaba) Peel was also a House of Keys constituency, electing one Member of the House of Keys (MHK), who, from September 2015, was Ray Harmer.
 Peel has a ruined castle on St Patrick's Isle, and a cathedral, seat of the Diocese of Sodor and Man (the diocese was founded when Mann was ruled by the Norse).
The Metropolitan Cathedral of the Sacred Heart and of Saint Mary His Mother, better known as Sacred Heart Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral on Hill Street, Wellington, New Zealand.
 It is the parish church of the Thorndon Catholic parish (founded 1850) and the Cathedral of the Archbishop of Wellington.
 The New Zealand Parliament is a close neighbour of the Cathedral.
 However, the Thorndon Catholic parish predates that institution.
 The Cathedral is part of a Catholic precinct which includes St Mary's College, Sacred Heart Cathedral School, St Mary's Convent – the motherhouse of the Sisters of Mercy in Wellington, the Catholic Centre in which Catholic administration is located, and Viard House which is both the Cathedral parish Presbytery and the residence of the Archbishop.
The Cathedral Church of Saint German or Peel Cathedral, rebranded as Cathedral Isle of Man is located in Peel, Isle of Man.
 The cathedral is also one of the parish churches in the parish of the West Coast which includes the town of Peel, and was built in 1879–84.
 It was made the cathedral by Act of Tynwald in 1980.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lancaster is a Latin Rite Roman Catholic diocese centred on Lancaster Cathedral in the city of Lancaster in Lancashire, England.
The Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians is a Cathedral in Shillong, Meghalaya.
 It is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Shillong which covers the [East[Khasi Hills and RI Bhoi district of Meghalaya.
 The Cathedral is the principal place of worship of the over 300,000 strong Catholics of the Shillong Archdiocese which covers RI Bhoi and East Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya.
 An Archdiocese is a “diocese" or area under the jurisdiction of an Archbishop.
 In all there are 33 church districts or “Parishes” in the Shillong Archdiocese.
 The Cathedral Church was built over 50 years ago.
 Since it also has the “cathedra” – the seat or throne of the Bishop – it is known as a Cathedral Church.
 This place of worship stands on the very site of the first Church built by the German fathers.
 The earlier 1913 building – the Church of the Divine Saviour – was a wooden structure.
 It was destroyed by the Good Friday fire of April 10, 1936.
 Built by the first Catholic missionaries to these hills, the Salvatorian Fathers from Germany, it was the first Catholic Cathedral Church in what was then the Mission of Assam.
St Walburga's Convent stands to the north of Balmoral Road, Lancaster, in Lancashire, England.
 It was built in 1851–53, and designed by the local architect E. G. Paley.
 The building is connected to the convent chapel of Lancaster Cathedral by an L-shaped corridor.
 It pre-dates the cathedral, and was the earliest structure to be built on the cathedral complex.
 The convent is constructed in sandstone rubble with ashlar dressings, and has a slate roof.
 Its architectural style is Gothic Revival.
 The building has an L-shaped plan and is in two storeys.
 It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The Our Lady of Lebanon Cathedral (Portuguese: "Catedral Nossa Senhora do Líbano" ) also called Maronite Cathedral of São Paulo Is the name that receives a religious building affiliated to the Catholic Church of Maronite rite that is located in the city of São Paulo in the state of the same name in the southeastern region of Brazil.
 It should not be confused with the other Catholic cathedrals of the city that include 4 of Latin rite (the Cathedral of Santo Amaro, Metropolitan Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Cathedral of St. Michael and Cathedral of the Holy Family) and the other 2 of Catholic oriental rites (Melkite Cathedral Our Lady of Paradise and the Armenian Cathedral of St. Gregory the Illuminator).
