Samuel Lewis Cunningham, Jr (born August 15, 1950) is a retired American football fullback.
 The media referred to him as Sam "Bam" Cunningham.
This is a list of military engagements of World War II encompassing land, naval, and air engagements as well as campaigns, operations, defensive lines and sieges.
 Campaigns generally refer to broader strategic operations conducted over a large bit of territory and over a long period.
 Battles generally refer to short periods of intense combat localised to a specific area and over a specific period.
 However, use of the terms in naming such events is not consistent.
 For example, the Battle of the Atlantic was more or less an entire theatre of war, and the so-called battle lasted for the duration of the entire war.
 Another misnomer is the Battle of Britain, which by all rights should be considered a campaign, not a mere battle.
The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World: from Marathon to Waterloo is a book written by Sir Edward Shepherd Creasy and published in 1851.
 This book tells the story of the fifteen military engagements, which, according to the author, had a significant impact on world history.
 The selection reflects the worldview of a 19th-century European with a classical education: fourteen of the battles took place in the arc of historically interconnected military theatres which stretched from Persia through the Mediterranean Basin to Europe, and one was fought by European powers and former colonies in North America.
The Battles of the Kinarot Valley (Hebrew: הַמַּעֲרָכָה בְּבִקְעַת כִּנָּרוֹת‎ , "HaMa'arakha BeBik'at Kinarot"), is a collective name for a series of military engagements between the Haganah and the Syrian army during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, fought between May 15–22, 1948 in the Kinarot Valley.
 It includes two main sites: the Battle of Degania–Samakh (Tzemah), and battles near Masada–Sha'ar HaGolan.
 The engagements were part of the battles of the Jordan Valley, which also saw fighting against Transjordan in the area of Gesher.
The Battle of Route Bismarck was a series of military engagements fought between Australian forces from Overwatch Battle Group (West) 2 in southern Iraq, and Anti-coalition insurgents over the period 23–24 April 2007.
 The engagements occurred on Route Bismarck, the Secondary Supply Route (SSR) within Dhi Qar Province, Iraq.
 Three Australians were wounded by IEDs which also damaged a number of ASLAVs, while a number of insurgents were killed or wounded by the Australians in the fighting that ensued.
The border skirmishes between the United States and Pakistan were the military engagements and confrontations between Pakistan and the United States that took place along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border from late 2008 to late 2012 resulting in the deaths of 42 Pakistani personnel with no U.S. casualties.
 These incidents involved the U.S. Forces-Afghanistan Command and ISAF forces, who had been present in Afghanistan fighting Taliban and al-Qaeda insurgency, and the unified Western military command of the Pakistan Armed Forces against one another in a series of skirmishes that ceased shortly after the 2011 NATO attack in Pakistan.
 The two sides ultimately made peace and continued collaboration operations against insurgent groups in Pakistan following an official, however brief, apology from then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on 3 July 2012 over the loss of life suffered by the Pakistani military.
Captain Lewis Cunningham Broadus (1877–1961) was a Buffalo Soldier born in Henrico County, Virginia, who served his country with distinction in the 25th Infantry Regiment and the 92nd Infantry Division of the United States Army.
 He served from 1897 to 1923, and was a veteran of the Indian Wars, Spanish–American War, Philippine–American War, Border War, and World War I.
The Gettysburg Battlefield is the area of the July 1–3, 1863, military engagements of the Battle of Gettysburg within and around the borough of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
 Locations of military engagements extend from the 4 acre site of the first shot at Knoxlyn Ridge on the west of the borough, to East Cavalry Field on the east.
 A military engagement prior to the battle was conducted at the Gettysburg Railroad trestle over Rock Creek, which was burned on June 27.
This is a List of military engagements of World War I which encompasses land, naval, and air engagements as well as campaigns, operations, defensive lines and sieges.
 Campaigns generally refer to broader strategic operations conducted over a large bit of territory and over a long period of time.
 Battles generally refer to short periods of intense combat localised to a specific area and over a specific period of time.
 However, use of the terms in naming such events is not consistent.
 For example, the First Battle of the Atlantic was more or less an entire theatre of war, and the so-called battle lasted for the duration of the entire war.
Joseph Lewis Cunningham (1784–1843) or J. L. Cunningham worked as an auctioneer in Boston, Massachusetts, in the first half of the 19th century.
 Among the many lots he sold were birds, horses, real estate, furniture, sea captains' charts, telescopes, American and European artworks, fishing line, feathers, fabric, guns, musical instruments, fruit trees, flower seeds, printers' equipment, and books.
