The Baltic Cup (Estonian: "Balti turniir" , Latvian: "Baltijas kauss" , Lithuanian: "Baltijos taurė" ) is a football competition contested between the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania every two years.
 During the Soviet era, when all the nations were part of the Soviet Union, Belarus also took part in some of the competitions.
The 1937 Baltic Cup was the ninth playing of the Baltic Cup football tournament.
 It was held from September 3–7, 1937 in Kaunas, Lithuania.
The 1998 Baltic Cup football competition was the 18th season of the Baltic Cup.
 It did not take place, as before, at one single venue.
 The annual tournament was split up into three separate matches, starting with Latvia against Lithuania on April 21, 1998.
The Baltic Cup was an ice hockey tournament held during 2004–05 season.
 The three Baltic nations, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, participated, and Poland also sent a team.
 There were four rounds of the tournament, one in each country.
The 2001 Baltic Cup football competition was the 19th season of the Baltic Cup and took place on July 3–5 at the Daugava Stadium in Riga, Latvia, after it had not been staged for three years.
 It was the ninth competition of the three Baltic states – Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia – since they regained their independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
The 1930 Baltic Cup was the third playing of the Baltic Cup football tournament.
 It was held in Kaunas, Lithuania from August 15–17, 1930.
The Women's Baltic Cup is a women's association football tournament contested between the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, usually every year.
 They can also invite other teams to participate, like they did in 2016, when the Faroe Islands were invited.
 The tournament is the women's equivalent of the men's Baltic Cup.
The 1991 Baltic Cup football competition took place from November 15 to November 17 at the Žalgiris Stadium in Klaipėda, Lithuania.
 It was the first competition of the three Baltic states – Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia – since they regained their independence from the Soviet Union, earlier that year.
 The FIFA didn't recognize the games as full internationals.
The 1995 Baltic Cup football competition was the 15th season of the Baltic Cup and took place from May 19 to May 21 at the Daugava Stadium in Riga, Latvia.
 It was the fifth annual competition of the three Baltic states – Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia – since they regained their independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
The 1992 Baltic Cup football competition was 12th season of the Baltic Cup and took place on July 10–12 at the Daugava Stadium in Liepāja, Latvia.
 It was the second annual competition of the three Baltic states – Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia – since they regained their independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
 This time, FIFA did recognize the games as full internationals.
