Muti is a term for traditional medicine in Southern Africa as far north as Lake Tanganyika.
 In South African English, the word muti is derived from the Zulu word "umuthi", meaning "tree," whose root is "-thi".
 In Southern Africa, cognates of the word "umuthi" (or the word "muti") is in widespread use in most indigenous African languages as well as in South African English and Afrikaans, which sometimes use it as a slang word for medicine in general.
Rhyming slang is a form of slang word construction in the English language that uses rhyme.
 It is especially prevalent in the UK, Ireland and Australia.
 It started in the early 19th century in the East End of London; hence its alternative name, Cockney rhyming slang.
 In the United States, especially the criminal underworld of the West Coast between 1880 and 1920, rhyming slang has sometimes been known as Australian slang.
Owned is a slang word that originated among 1990s hackers, where it referred to "rooting" or gaining administrative control over someone else's computer.
 The term eventually spread to gamers, who used the term to mean defeat in gaming.
 "Owned" has now spread beyond computer and gaming contexts and become part of standard slang, and typically follows severe defeat or humiliation, usually in an amusing way or through the dominance of an opposing party.
 Other variations of the word owned include own3d, 0wn3d, pwned, and pooned, terms which incorporate elements of leetspeak.
Bugger or "buggar" is a slang word.
 In the United Kingdom, the term is a general-purpose expletive, used to imply dissatisfaction, or to refer to someone or something whose behaviour is in some way displeasing or perhaps surprising.
 In the US, particularly in the Midwest and South, it is a slang but not offensive noun meaning "small critter."
"Special K" is a single by British alternative rock band Placebo, released on 19 March 2001 on CD and 12" vinyl, taken from their third album, "Black Market Music".
 The title is slang for Ketamine, and the song itself is supposed to explore "the link between drugs and love," and ""Special K" is uppers and the rush of falling in love."
Pro re nata is a Latin phrase meaning "in the circumstances" or "as the circumstance arises" (literally "for the affair born").
 It is commonly used in medicine to mean "as needed" or "as the situation arises".
 Generally abbreviated to p.r.n. or PRN, it refers to the administration of prescribed medication whose timing is left to the patient (in the case of patient-controlled analgesia), nurse or caregiver, as opposed to medication that is to be taken according to a fixed (usually daily) schedule (a.k.a. "scheduled dosage").
 "Pro re nata" does not imply that the patient may take as much of the medicine as desired, but rather that the medicine may be taken in the prescribed dosage "if needed".
 Such administration of medication is not meant to imply, and should never allow for, exceeding a maximum daily dosage.
 This aspect of "only if needed, and only up to some maximum" makes "pro re nata" dosages (which are common) differentiable from "ad libitum" dosages (which are not common).
In statistics, the principle of marginality refers to the fact that the average (or main) effects, of variables in an analysis are "marginal" to their interaction effect.
 The principle of marginality argues that, in general, it is wrong to test, estimate, or interpret main effects of explanatory variables where the variables interact or, similarly, to model interaction effects but delete main effects that are marginal to
Paracetamol, also known as acetaminophen or APAP, is a medication used to treat pain and fever.
 It is typically used for mild to moderate pain.
 The quality of the evidence regarding the use for fever relief in children is poor.
 It is often sold in combination with other ingredients such as in many cold medications.
 In combination with opioid pain medication, paracetamol is also used for more severe pain such as cancer pain and after surgery.
 It is typically used either by mouth or rectally but is also available intravenously.
 Effects last between two and four hours.
Methadone, sold under the brand name Dolophine, among others, is an opioid used to treat pain and as maintenance therapy or to help with tapering in people with opioid dependence.
 Detoxification using methadone can either be done relatively rapidly in less than a month or gradually over as long as six months.
 While a single dose has a rapid effect, maximum effect can take five days of use.
 The effects last about six hours after a single dose.
 After long term use, in people with normal liver function, effects last 8 to 36 hours.
 Methadone is usually taken by mouth and rarely by injection into a muscle or vein.
Ketamine, sold under the brand name Ketalar among others, is a medication mainly used for starting and maintaining anesthesia.
 It induces a trance-like state while providing pain relief, sedation, and memory loss.
 Other uses include for chronic pain and for sedation in intensive care.
 Heart function, breathing, and airway reflexes generally remain functional during its effects.
 Effects typically begin within five minutes when given by injection with the main effects lasting up to 25 minutes.
