What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank is a 2012 short story collection by the American writer Nathan Englander.
 It was first published on February 7, 2012 through Knopf and collects eight of Englander's short stories, including the title story "What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank."
 The title of the collection takes influence from Raymond Carver's 1981 short story collection "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love."
 It was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, losing to Adam Johnson's "The Orphan Master's Son".
 Englander's collection was awarded the 2012 Frank O'Connor International Short Story Award.
"The Man Who Evolved" is a science fiction short story by American writer Edmond Hamilton, first published in the April 1931 issue of "Wonder Stories".
 In his comments on the story in "Before the Golden Age", Isaac Asimov called it the first science fiction short story (as opposed to novel) that impressed him so much it stayed in his mind permanently.
 In her introduction to "The Best of Edmond Hamilton", Leigh Brackett called the story "a fine example of Hamilton's skill in encapsulating an enormous theme into the neat and perfect compass of a short story."
Dilman Dila is a Ugandan writer, film maker and a social activist.
 He is the author of a collection of short stories, "A Killing in the Sun", and of two novellas, "Cranes Crest at Sunset", and "The Terminal Move".
 He was shortlisted for the 2013 Commonwealth Short Story Prize for "A Killing in the Sun", longlisted for the Short Story Day Africa prize, 2013, and nominated for the 2008 Million Writers Awards for the short story "Homecoming".
 He was longlisted for the BBC International Radio Playwriting Competition with his first radio play, "Toilets are for Something Fishy".
 His film "The Felistas Fable" (2013) won four awards at the Uganda Film Festival 2014, for Best Screenplay, Best Actor, Best Feature Film, and Film of the Year (Best Director).
 It won two nominations at the Africa Movie Academy Awards for Best First Feature by a Director, and Best Make-up Artist.
 It was also nominated for the African Magic Viewers Choice Awards for Best Make-up artist, 2013.
 His first short film, "What Happened in Room 13", is one of the most watched African films on YouTube.
 In 2015, he was longlisted for the Inaugural Jalada Prize for Literature for his story "Onen and his Daughter".
The Stories of John Cheever is a 1978 short story collection by American author John Cheever.
 It contains some of his most famous stories, including "The Enormous Radio," "Goodbye, My Brother," "The Country Husband," "The Five-Forty-Eight" and "The Swimmer."
 It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1979 and its first paperback edition won a 1981 National Book Award.
"The Enormous Radio" is a short story written by American author John Cheever in 1947.
 It first appeared in the May 17, 1947 issue of "The New Yorker" and was later collected in "The Enormous Radio and Other Stories".
 The story describes a strange new radio that allows its owners to listen in on conversations of other tenants in their apartment building.
Jennifer Nansubuga Makumbi is a Ugandan novelist and short story writer.
 Her doctoral novel, "The Kintu Saga", was shortlisted and won the Kwani?
 Manuscript Project in 2013.
 It was published by Kwani Trust in 2014 under the title "Kintu".
 She was shortlisted for the 2014 Commonwealth Short Story Prize for her story "Let's Tell This Story Properly", and emerged Regional Winner, Africa region.
 She was the Overall Winner of the 2014 Commonwealth Short Story Prize.
 She was longlisted for the 2014 Etisalat Prize for Literature.
 She is a lecturer in Creative Writing at Lancaster University.
 She lives in Manchester with her husband, Damian, and son, Jordan.
"Second Son" is a short story featuring Jack Reacher, a fictional character created by British author Jim Grant (who writes under the pen name of Lee Child).
 It is notable in several ways: in being a short story, as Reacher mainly appears in full-length novels, of which sixteen appeared as of 2012 ; in giving a glimpse of the teen-age Reacher, making the story a prequel set far earlier chronologically than all other appearances of Reacher .
 "Second Son" and "Deep Down" were both released originally for the Kindle.
 "Second Son" was later included in the paperback and Kindle editions of "The Affair".
 "Second Son" was bundled with the movie "Jack Reacher" as a Target Exclusive, when the movie was released on Blu-ray on 7 May 2013.
Battles in the Desert, or "Las batallas en el desierto", is a short story written by Mexican author José Emilio Pacheco.
 The short story was first published in the Saturday edition of the Uno Más Uno, a Mexican newspaper, on June 7, 1980, but was published as a short story by Era the following year.
 The short story is narrated by Carlos, as an adult, recounting his memories as a boy growing up in Mexico City in the late 1940s and 1950s.
 In particular, his experiences and the events that unfolded after falling in love with one of his classmate’s mother comprise the central narrative of the short novel.
John William Cheever (May 27, 1912 – June 18, 1982) was an American novelist and short story writer.
 He is sometimes called "the Chekhov of the suburbs".
 His fiction is mostly set in the Upper East Side of Manhattan, the Westchester suburbs, old New England villages based on various South Shore towns around Quincy, Massachusetts, where he was born, and Italy, especially Rome.
 He is "now recognized as one of the most important short fiction writers of the 20th century."
 While Cheever is perhaps best remembered for his short stories (including "The Enormous Radio", "Goodbye, My Brother", "The Five-Forty-Eight", "The Country Husband", and "The Swimmer"), he also wrote four novels, comprising "The Wapshot Chronicle" (National Book Award, 1958),
Inconstant Moon is a science fiction short story collection by American author Larry Niven that was published in 1973.
 "Inconstant Moon" is also a 1971 short story that is included in the collection.
 The title is a quote from the balcony scene in William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet".
 The collection was assembled from the US collections "The Shape of Space" and "All the Myriad Ways".
 The short story won the 1972 Hugo Award for best short story.
