Bobby Singh, is an Australian tabla player.
 He was one of the musician responsible for the album "Djan Djan" which won the 2010 ARIA Award for Best World Music Album.
 Singh is also a member of Rasa Duende.
The Crollalanza theory of Shakespeare's identity posits that Shakespeare was an Italian called Michelangelo Florio a.k.a. "Crollalanza", whose mother's family name is variously given as Crollalanza or Scrollalanza ("shake-speare").
 He is said to have emigrated to England where he became (or at least was responsible for the works attributed to) William Shakespeare supposedly of Stratford-upon-Avon.
 First proposed in the 1920s, at which time it was associated confusingly with the idea that the Elizabethan linguistic scholar John Florio or his father (another Michelangelo Florio) was involved in creating Shakespeare's works, the Crollalanza hypothesis has gone through several permutations and developments.
 In most recent versions, the character's birthplace has moved from the North to the South of Italy.
Vasily Vasilievich Andreyev (Russian: Василий Васильевич Андреев ; 15 January [O.S. 3 January] 1861 1918) was a Russian musician responsible for the modern development of the balalaika and several other traditional Russian folk music instruments, and is considered the father of the academic folk instrument movement in Eastern Europe.
 His accomplishments included:
Secondary animation also known as secondary motion, is used to refer to flat motions that are generated as a reaction to the movement of primary motion by a character.
 It is significant in animation because it amplifies the character's motion via effects that appear to be driven by the motion, i.e. it makes the character's motion seem natural.
 Examples of secondary motion include the rippling of water, swish of a cloak, or jiggle of body parts when a person is moving.
 These passive effects have many degrees of freedom, and complex interactions with characters, thus making them hard to animate by hand (hand animation),or via computer software.
Sigma Cancri (σ Cancri) is a solitary, yellow-hued star in the zodiac constellation of Cancer.
 With an apparent visual magnitude of +5.24, it is a dim star that is visible to the naked eye.
 Based upon an annual parallax shift of 11.03 mas as seen from Earth, it is located around 296 light years from the Sun.
 The star's proper motion makes it a candidate for membership in the IC 2391 supercluster.
Keiichi Yano (矢野慶一 , Yano Keiichi ) is a Tokyo-based video game designer and musician responsible for a number of music video game titles including his most famous game, the 2002 cult video game, "Gitaroo Man".
 Yano has been involved in music (especially jazz music) from a young age and he earned a major in jazz studies at the University of Southern California.
 He has spent time playing saxophone in Tokyo jazz clubs.
Stop motion (hyphenated stop-motion when used as an adjective) is an animation technique that physically manipulates an object so that it appears to move on its own.
 The object is moved in small increments between individually photographed frames, creating the illusion of movement when the series of frames is played as a fast sequence.
 Dolls with movable joints or clay figures are often used in stop motion for their ease of repositioning.
 Stop motion animation using plasticine is called clay animation or "clay-mation".
 Not all stop motion requires figures or models; many stop motion films can involve using humans, household appliances and other things for comedic effect.
 Stop motion can also use sequential drawing in a similar manner to traditional animation, such as a flip book.
 Stop motion using humans is sometimes referred to as pixilation or pixilate animation.
Leaves Eclipse the Light is an EP from Portland, OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper, under the name Eluvium, following the release of the "artistically daring and critically acclaimed" album "Similes".
 The album features the first track from the aforementioned album, a new 11-minute unreleased ambient track à la "Talk Amongst the Trees", the remix of "The Motion Makes Me Last" by electronic/dance musician Four Tet which was featured on the BBC Radio 1 2-hour-long Four Tet Essential Mix and finally the video of "The Motion Makes Me Last" directed by artist and filmmaker Matt McCormick.
The Motion Makes Me Last is an EP from Portland, OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper, under the name Eluvium.
 This EP is a follow-up to the "Leaves Eclipse the Light" EP released a few months earlier.
Motion camouflage is camouflage which provides a degree of concealment for a moving object, given that motion makes objects easy to detect however well their coloration matches their background or breaks up their outlines.
 The principal form of motion camouflage, and the type generally meant by the term, involves an attacker's mimicking the optic flow of the background as seen by its target.
 This enables the attacker to approach the target while appearing to remain stationary from the target's perspective, unlike in classical pursuit.
 The attacker chooses its flight path so as to remain on the line between the target and some landmark point.
 The target therefore does not see the attacker move from the landmark point.
 The only visible evidence that the attacker is moving is its looming, the change in size as the attacker approaches.
 Motion is also used in a variety of other camouflage strategies, including swaying to mimic plant movements in the wind or ocean currents.
