"Klenät," "klena," "klejne," "kleina," "kleyna," and "fattigmann" are all names for a fried pastry common in the Nordic countries.
 It is also found in nearby countries (such as Lithuania, under the name "Žagarėliai").
 The name is related to "klen", the Swedish term for "slender", but is originally of Low German origin, which may indicate that the pastry was originally German.
 It is made from flattened dough cut into small trapezoids.
 A slit is cut in the middle and then one end pulled through the slit to form a "knot".
 The kleina is then deep-fried in oil or another kind of fat.
Cinnamon sugar is a mixture of ground cinnamon and granulated sugar used as a spice for desserts.
 It is commonly used to flavor foods such as Belgian waffles, Snickerdoodle cookies, churros and coffee cake.
 It is also found in breakfast cereals such as Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Mixed spice, also called pudding spice, is a British blend of sweet spices, similar to the pumpkin pie spice used in the United States.
 Cinnamon is the dominant flavour, with nutmeg and allspice.
 It is often used in baking, or to complement fruits or other sweet foods.
A sopaipilla, sopapilla, sopaipa, or cachanga is a kind of fried pastry and a type of quick bread served in several regions with Spanish heritage in the Americas.
 The word sopaipilla is the diminutive of sopaipa, a word that entered Spanish from the Mozarabic language of Al-Andalus.
 The original Mozarabic word "Xopaipa" was used to mean bread soaked in oil, and derived in turn from the Germanic word "suppa" which meant bread soaked in liquid.
Fried Coke is a frozen Coca-Cola-flavored batter that is deep-fried and then topped with Coca-Cola syrup, whipped cream, cinnamon sugar, and a cherry.
 It was introduced by inventor Abel Gonzales, Jr., a computer analyst from Texas, at the 2006 State Fair of Texas; Gonzales is also the creator of recipes for deep-fried butter and deep-fried beer at later Texas State Fairs.
 The concoction won the title of "Most Creative" in the second annual judged competition among food vendors.
 It proved very popular in Texas, selling 10,000 cups in the first two weeks.
 It quickly spread to other states, appearing in at least 47 state fairs in 2007; and now it is sold worldwide.
 In 2009, Fried Coke was featured on the Travel Channel's "Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern".
 Fried Coke is estimated to have 830 calories (3,500 kJ) per cup.
A traditional cruller (or twister) is a fried pastry often made from a rectangle of dough, with a cut made in the middle that allows it to be pulled over and through itself producing twists in the sides of the pastry.
 Crullers have been described as resembling "a small, braided torpedo" and having been "a staple of the New England diet since the Pilgrims' day".
 Some other cruller styles are made of a denser dough somewhat like that of a cake doughnut formed in a small loaf or stick shape, but not always twisted.
 Crullers may be topped with plain powdered sugar; powdered sugar mixed with cinnamon; or icing.
 However, a "French cruller" is a fluted, ring-shaped doughnut made from choux pastry with a light airy texture.
 The French cruller in German is called a Spritzkuchen.
An aloo pie is a fried dumpling popular in the Cuisine of Trinidad and Tobago.
 It is a soft, fried pastry made from flour and water, and filled with boiled, spiced and mashed potatoes ("aloo" being the Hindi word for "potato") and other vegetables like green peas or "chana dal" (split chickpeas without their seedcoat).
 Its shape is similar to a calzone, and it is usually larger than a samosa, approximately five inches (12.7 cm) long.
 It is usually ordered with a sweet-and-sour-type Indian dipping sauce known as "imli ki chutney".
A cinnamon roll (also cinnamon bun, cinnamon swirl, cinnamon Danish, and cinnamon snail) is a sweet roll served commonly in Northern Europe and North America.
 In Denmark, it is the most common form of wienerbrød ('Vienna Bread') and is known as "Kanelsnegl"; 'cinnamon snail'.
 In North America, its common use is as breakfast or dessert.
 Its main ingredients are flour, cinnamon, sugar, and butter, which provide a robust and sweet flavor.
 In some places, it is eaten as a breakfast food and is served with cream cheese or icing.
Cinnamon leaf oil is obtained by steam distillation of cinnamon leaves and the oil yield ranges between 0.5% and 1.8%.
 More than 47 compounds have been identified from the leaf oil, the most significant being eugenol, which constitutes 65–92% .
 Cinnamon leaf oil is cheaper than bark oil and is used in the flavor industry, to a lesser extent, to flavor confectionary.
 It is also used as a source of eugenol for the preparation of synthetic vanillin.
 Cinnamon oleoresin obtained by solvent extraction is a dark brown extremely concentrated and viscous liquid, closely approximating the total spice flavour and containing 50% or more volatile oil.
 It is used mainly for flavouring food products such as cakes and confectionary.
 Ground spice has been replaced by oils and oleoresin in food industry.
Nuegados is a traditional plate from many different countries in Latin America.
 However, it is only in "El Salvador that they are called 'nuégados'" (Latinaish, Salvadoran Nuegados) Nuegados are "nothing more than fried dumplings coated with a sweet sugar cane sauce".
 To prepare nuegados, one deep fries a dough made of corn flour, baking powder, butter, salt, and water in oil.
 A cinnamon sugar syrup is then poured on top of the dumplings.
 They are often eaten with coffee.
