Quark is a type of fresh dairy product made by warming soured milk to 20° - 27 °C until the desired degree of curdling is met, and then straining it.
 It can be classified as fresh acid-set cheese, though in some countries it is traditionally considered a distinct fermented milk product.
 Traditional quark is made without rennet, but in some modern dairies rennet is added.
 It is soft, white and unaged, and usually has no salt added.
Starting in the 1960s, in Europe a new rigid mesh and net product made out of polypropylene started being used.
 The most famous factories were located in England and Italy, given the fact that these two countries where the most advanced in machine tooling and extrusion, then with the passing of time this technology found its way into other parts of the world, and today it is very easy to find who manufactures this type of base product anywhere in the world
Mianchi () is a fermented soy product made with white soybeans.
 The flavor of Mianchi is sharp, pungent, and spicy in smell, with a taste that is salty and somewhat bitter and sweet.
 Mianchi is different from douchi, another product made with black soybean.
An original brand manufacturer, or OBM, is typically a company that sells an entire product made by a second company or including a component from a second company sources as its own branded product.
 Selling the product of the second company under its own brand just adds a virtual extrinsic value to the product.
Ethyl Gasoline Corp. v. United States, 309 U.S. 436 (1940), was a decision of the United States Supreme Court that limited the doctrine of the Court's 1938 decision in "General Talking Pictures Corp. v. Western Electric Co." Beginning with the 1926 decision in "United States v. General Electric Co.", the Supreme Court made a sharp distinction between (i) post-sale restraints that a patentee imposed on purchasers of a patented product and (ii) restrictions (limitations) that a patentee imposed on a licensee to manufacture a patented product: the former being illegal and unenforceable under the exhaustion doctrine while the latter were generally permissible under a lenient "rule of reason."
 Thus, under the "General Talking Pictures" doctrine, a patent holder may permissibly license others to "manufacture" and then sell patented products in only a specified field (market), such as only a particular type of product made under the patent or only a particular category of customer for the patented product.
 The "Ethyl" decision held, however, that a patent licensing and distribution program based on both the sale of a patented product and licenses to manufacture a related product was subject to ordinary testing under the antitrust laws, and accordingly was illegal when its effect was to "regiment" an entire industry.
A pretzel (   ) (German: "Breze(l)" ) (   ) is a type of baked bread product made from dough most commonly shaped into a twisted knot.
 Pretzels originated in Europe, possibly among monks in the Early Middle Ages.
 The traditional pretzel shape is a distinctive nonsymmetrical form, with the ends of a long strip of dough intertwined and then twisted back into itself in a certain way ("a pretzel loop").
 In the 2010s, pretzels come in a range of different shapes.
 Salt is the most common seasoning for pretzels, complementing the washing soda or lye treatment that gives pretzels their traditional "skin" and flavor through the Maillard reaction; other seasonings include sugars, chocolate, glazes, seeds, or nuts.
 There are several varieties of pretzels, including soft pretzels, which must be eaten shortly after preparation and hard-baked pretzels, which have a long shelf life.
Jinkela () is a fertilizer supplement product made in China.
 Its maker claims that the product can help plants increase the absorption of minerals (i.e. Nitrogen, Phosphorus and Potassium compounds) and have better yields.
 This fertilizer supplement was sold in Henan Province, People's Republic of China circa 2007, and its advertisement was broadcast on various regional television stations in China.
 Inspired by its exaggerated television advertisements, netizens in mainland China and Taiwan have made many online parodies (kuso) mocking the product, making it a famous internet meme.
 Its influence on the cyberculture in Greater China remains to this very day, and its impact has been noted by various mainstream media outlets.
Early Winters, Ltd. of Seattle, Washington, United States was founded in 1972 by William S. Nicolai, who formed the company after creating a tent called the Omnipotent.
 Early Winters was the first company to create and sell a consumer product made with Gore-Tex laminates produced by W. L. Gore & Associates in Elkton, Maryland.
 The first product made with Gore-Tex fabric debuted in 1976 and was a streamlined, two-person tent called The Light Dimension.
 The tent was created by Nicolai and William H. Edwards and was marketed by Ron Zimmerman.
Cream of Wheat is a brand of farina, a type of breakfast porridge mix made from wheat semolina.
 It looks similar to grits, but is smoother in texture since it is made with ground wheat kernels instead of ground corn.
 It is also referred to as "hot cereal".
 It was first manufactured in the United States in 1893 by wheat millers in Grand Forks, North Dakota.
 The product made its debut at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois.
 Before January 2007, Cream of Wheat was a Nabisco brand made by Kraft Foods.
 In January 2007, B&G Foods acquired the brand and all rights to market the cereal.
 "Cream of Wheat" is a registered trademark.
Drisheen (Irish: "drisín" ) is a type of blood pudding made in Ireland.
 It is distinguished from other forms of Irish black pudding by having a gelatinous consistency.
 It is made from a mixture of cow's, pig's and/or sheep's blood, milk, salt and fat which is boiled and sieved and finally cooked using the main intestine of an animal (typically a pig or sheep) as the sausage skin.
 The sausage may be flavoured with herbs, such as tansy.
 The recipe for drisheen varies widely from place to place and it also differs depending on the time of year.
 Drisheen is a cooked product but it usually requires further preparation before eating.
 How this is done varies widely from place to place.
