Jacksonville station is an Amtrak train station in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
 It serves the "Silver Meteor" and "Silver Star" trains as well as the Thruway Motorcoach to Lakeland.
 The station lies next door to a freight facility with its own platform and is also just east of Norfolk Southern's Simpson Yard.
Rippon station is a Virginia Railway Express station located at 15511 Farm Creek Drive in Woodbridge, Virginia.
 The station, one of two VRE stations in Woodbridge, is located at a southerly dead end, and is named for the closest and last intersection with Farm Creek Drive.
 It serves the Fredericksburg Line and shares the right-of-way with Amtrak's "Northeast Regional, Silver Meteor, Silver Star, Palmetto, Auto Train", and "Carolinian" trains; however, no Amtrak trains stop here.
 Rippon station is located along the west side of the Featherstone National Wildlife Refuge.
Orlando Health/Amtrak station, also known as Orlando station, is a train station in Orlando, Florida.
 It is served by Amtrak, the national railroad passenger system of the United States, and SunRail, the commuter rail service of Greater Orlando, as well as local and intercity buses.
 It serves Amtrak's "Silver Meteor" and "Silver Star" lines.
 Built in 1926, the historic station is located approximately one mile south of Downtown Orlando near the campus of Orlando Health.
 Serving 160,442 passengers at last measure in 2013, The station is Amtrak's fifth busiest in the Southeastern United States; it is the second busiest Amtrak station in Florida, behind the Sanford station of the Auto Train.
The Silver Meteor is a passenger train operated by Amtrak between New York City and Miami, Florida.
 The first diesel-powered streamliner between New York and Florida, since being introduced by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad (SAL) in 1939, it remains in operation now.
 The train is part of Amtrak's "Silver Service" along with the "Silver Star", another former SAL streamliner.
Lorton station is a railroad station located at 8990 Lorton Station Boulevard in Lorton, Virginia.
 It is served by the Virginia Railway Express Fredericksburg Line.
 This station is one mile north from Amtrak's Lorton station, the northern terminus of the "Auto Train".
 Amtrak's "Northeast Regional", "Silver Meteor", "Silver Star", "Palmetto", and "Carolinian" trains share the line but do not stop at either Lorton station.
The Silver Star is a 1522 mi passenger train route in the "Silver Service" brand operated by Amtrak, running from New York City south to Miami, Florida via the Northeast Corridor to Washington, D.C., then via Richmond, Virginia; Raleigh, North Carolina; Columbia, South Carolina; Savannah, Georgia; Jacksonville, Florida; Orlando, Florida; and Tampa, Florida.
 The "Silver Star" shares much of its track with the "Silver Meteor", which runs further east through North Carolina and South Carolina.
Helen P. Gay Rocky Mount Historic Train Station, often shortened to Rocky Mount, is an Amtrak train station in Rocky Mount, North Carolina.
 It is served by four passenger trains, the "Carolinian", "Silver Meteor", "Silver Star", and "Palmetto."
 The station is located just south of downtown Rocky Mount, and the street address is 101 Hammond Street.
 In 2010, it was named for Helen P. Gay, a 90-year-old former member of the Rocky Mount City Council who was instrumental in the station's most recent restoration project.
Florence is a train station in Florence, South Carolina, United States served by Amtrak, the national railroad passenger system.
 Florence is served by Amtrak's "Palmetto" and "Silver Meteor" routes and is a service and smoking stop for the "Auto Train".
 The station was built by CSX in 1996 as a replacement for the much larger former station, which is now owned by the McLeod Regional Medical Center.
Brooke is a Virginia Railway Express station located at 1721 Brooke Road in Brooke near Stafford, Virginia.
 Free parking is available and located on a hill leading from the road.
 The station serves the Fredericksburg Line and shares the right-of-way with Amtrak's "Northeast Regional", "Silver Meteor", "Silver Star", "Auto Train", "Palmetto", "Carolinian" and "Piedmont" trains; however, no Amtrak trains stop here.
Leeland Road station is a Virginia Railway Express station located at 275 Leeland Road in Stafford, Virginia, although VRE states that its address is in Falmouth, Virginia.
 The station serves the Fredericksburg Line and shares the right-of-way with Amtrak's "Northeast Regional", "Silver Meteor", "Silver Star", "Palmetto", "Auto Train", "Carolinian" and "Piedmont" trains.
 However, no Amtrak trains stop here.
 The station is located next to the Leeland Station community, which was named after the VRE station.
 It is also next to Conway Elementary School.
