The North West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia refers generally to the area west of the Northern Tablelands, to the north of the Central West region and to the east of the Far West region.
 The region corresponds generally to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology's forecast area of "North West Slopes and Plains".
The Far West region of New South Wales, Australia refers generally to a fairly flat and low-lying area in the western part of the state, which is too dry to support wheat or other crops or intensive pastoral endeavours.
 It is west of the North West Slopes, Central West and the Riverina.
 It is an area with limited rainfall, and the only major rivers found in it are the Darling River and the Murray River (on its southern edge), which originate in the Great Dividing Range to the east.
 The region corresponds to the combination of the Australian Bureau of Meteorology's forecast areas of "Upper Western" and "Lower Western".
 It also corresponds to the Western Division established under the New South Wales "Western Lands Act 1901".
West Wyalong is a town in New South Wales, Australia, which is the main town of the Bland Shire, located in the Central West region of New South Wales.
 It is located 467 km west of Sydney.
 It is located on the crossroads of the Newell Highway between Melbourne and Brisbane, and the Mid-Western Highway between Sydney and Adelaide.
 It is situated 262 m above sea level.
Red Bend Catholic College is a Roman Catholic secondary, day and boarding co-educational school run by the Marist Brothers located in Forbes in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.
 Established in 1926, the College has enrolled approximately 800 students from Year 7 to Year 12.
Ungarie is a town in New South Wales, Australia which is the second major town of the Bland Shire, located in the Central West region of New South Wales.
 It is located 513 km west of Sydney and 615 km north of Melbourne, between the towns of West Wyalong and Lake Cargelligo and is situated 262 m above sea level.
 The town's name is derived from an Indigenous Australian word meaning "thigh".
 Ungarie has the lowest median house price in Australia at $58,500 as of October 2013 .
Tomingley is a town in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The town is in the Narromine Shire local government area and on the Newell Highway, 425 km west of the state capital, Sydney and 54 km south west of the regional centre of Dubbo.
 At the 2011 census , Tomingley had a population of 330.
 Tomingley is famous for gold mining and owes its origin to that.
 It is also known for the story that after WWII the military disposed of a large quantity of guns and other war materials down the biggest mine in the area.
Mary MacKillop Catholic College is a Catholic secondary school for girls located in Wakeley, New South Wales, Australia, providing Catholic education to the Smithfield, Fairfield, Cabramatta and Villawood parishes in the Fairfield area of Sydney.
 The school was founded as Rosary High School in 1946 in Fairfield, while the Sisters of St Joseph, a teaching order founded by Mary MacKillop, have been engaged in the area since 1931.
 In its current form the college was established in 1991, and is one of the newest schools in the Archdiocese of Sydney.
 Mary MacKillop Catholic Colleges emphasises community, and each of the school's houses - Arena, Crosio, Goolagong, Henderson, McCormack and O'Shane - are named after women the school sees as worthy role models for the students.
 To promote a sense of community across year groups, pastoral care groups incorporate students from Year 7 to Year 12.
 Mary MacKillop Catholic College offers core and elective courses for junior students and a range of HSC courses for senior students.
The Sandy Hollow–Gulgong railway line is a railway line in eastern New South Wales, Australia.
 The line forms a cross country connection from the Main North line in the Upper Hunter region to the Gwabegar line in the Central West region.
 The line is approximately 125 kilometres in length.
 From the Gwabegar line, trains can then ultimately reach the Main West line creating a circuitous bypass of Sydney for freight traffic heading between the west and north of New South Wales.
 The line was opened in 1985.
The Central West Australian Football League (CWAFL) is an Australian rules football competition containing eight clubs based in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.
 I
Forbes is a town in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia, located on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong.
 At the 2011 census , Forbes had a population of 7,560.
 Forbes is probably named after Sir Francis Forbes, first Chief Justice of NSW.
