The Ship That Died is a 1938 American short film directed by Jacques Tourneur for MGM.
 Written by George Sayer and featuring John Nesbitt, Leonard Penn, and Rhea Mitchell, it presents dramatisations of a range of theories (mutiny, fear of explosion due to alcohol fumes, and the supernatural) of the ship "Mary Celeste".
Benjamin Spooner Briggs (April 24, 1835 – probably November 1872) was an experienced United States seaman and master mariner.
 He is famous today for being the Captain of the merchant ship "Mary Celeste" when she was discovered unmanned and drifting in the Atlantic Ocean near the Straits of Gibraltar, on December 4, 1872.
 The lifeboat was missing, yet the "Mary Celeste" herself was still under sail and there were signs of a sudden and unexplained abandonment.
 Benjamin Briggs, his wife Sarah and two-year-old daughter Sophia Matilda, along with the crew of the "Mary Celeste", the lifeboat and sextant, were never found and presumed lost.
A ghost ship, also known as a phantom ship, is a vessel with no living crew aboard; it may be a ghostly vessel in folklore or fiction, such as the "Flying Dutchman", or a real derelict found adrift with its crew missing or dead, like the "Mary Celeste".
 The term is sometimes used for ships that have been decommissioned but not yet scrapped, as well as drifting boats that have been found after breaking loose of their ropes and becoming carried away by the wind or the waves.
Limbo of the Lost is a traditional point-and-click adventure game that follows the adventures of Benjamin Briggs, captain of the "Mary Celeste", as he explores the depths of Limbo in the Keep of Lost Souls.
 It was the only game developed by Majestic Studios, a studio founded in 1993 and consisting of Steve Bovis, Tim Croucher and Laurence Francis.
 The studio initially aimed to bring back the graphical text adventure genre on the Atari ST, and later the Amiga 500, culminating in a demo shown at the ECTS in 1995.
 Due to sinking demand of these platforms, the game was instead redeveloped for the PC and released in March 2008.
 In June 2008, discovery of plagiarism in the game led to its withdrawal from sale.
Dei Gratia was a Canadian brigantine built in Bear River, Nova Scotia in 1871.
 The brigantine was named after the Latin phrase for "By the Grace of God".
 "Dei Gratia" became famous in 1872 when, under the command of David Reed Morehouse, she discovered the mystery ship "Mary Celeste" found sailing abandoned without any crew near the Azores.
 Morehouse and his crew took the derelict "Mary Celeste" to Gibraltar and claimed the brigantine as salvage.
 They were at first subjected to suspicion by Gilbraltar's Attorney General but the Vice Admiralty Court later approved their salvage and commended the crew of "Dei Gratia" for their resourcefulness and courage.
 The salvage award for recovering the mysterious brigantine of about $8,300 was diminished by the high court costs of the long inquiry.
 "Dei Gratia" was sold to Irish owners in 1881.
 She was wrecked at Black Rock, Dale, Pembrokeshire after breaking her moorings in a southeast storm on 27th Dec 1907.
 The original ship portrait of "Dei Gratia" is preserved at the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Weather buoys are instruments which collect weather and ocean data within the world's oceans, as well as aid during emergency response to chemical spills, legal proceedings, and engineering design.
 Moored buoys have been in use since 1951, while drifting buoys have been used since 1979.
 Moored buoys are connected with the ocean bottom using either chains, nylon, or buoyant polypropylene.
 With the decline of the weather ship, they have taken a more primary role in measuring conditions over the open seas since the 1970s.
 During the 1980s and 1990s, a network of buoys in the central and eastern tropical Pacific Ocean helped study the El Niño-Southern Oscillation.
 Moored weather buoys range from 1.5 m to 12 m in diameter, while drifting buoys are smaller, with diameters of 30 cm to 40 cm .
 Drifting buoys are the dominant form of weather buoy in sheer number, with 1250 located worldwide.
 Wind data from buoys has smaller error than that from ships.
 There are differences in the values of sea surface temperature measurements between the two platforms as well, relating to the depth of the measurement and whether or not the water is heated by the ship which measures the quantity.
The Kaz II, dubbed "the ghost yacht", is a 9.8-metre catamaran which was found drifting 88 nmi off the north-eastern coast of Australia on 20 April 2007.
 The fate of her three-man crew remains unknown, and the mysterious circumstances in which they disappeared have been compared to that of the "Mary Celeste".
"J. Habakuk Jephson's Statement" is an 1884 short story by young Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 It is in the form of a first-person testimony by a survivor of the Marie Celeste, a fictionalised version of the "Mary Celeste", a ship found mysteriously abandoned and adrift in the Atlantic Ocean in 1872.
 Conan Doyle's story was published anonymously in the January 1884 issue of the respected "Cornhill Magazine".
The Madagascar was a large British merchant ship built for the trade to India and China in 1837, which went missing on a voyage from Melbourne to London in 1853.
 The disappearance of the "Madagascar" was one of the great maritime mysteries of the 19th century and has probably been the subject of more speculation than any other 19th century maritime puzzle, except for the "Mary Celeste."
Mary Celeste (often misreported as "Marie Celeste") was an American merchant brigantine, discovered adrift and deserted in the Atlantic Ocean, off the Azores Islands, on December 5, 1872.
 The Canadian brigantine "Dei Gratia" found her in a dishevelled but seaworthy condition, under partial sail, and with her lifeboat missing.
 The last entry in her log was dated ten days earlier.
 She had left New York City for Genoa on November 7, and on discovery was still amply provisioned.
 Her cargo of denatured alcohol was intact, and the captain's and crew's personal belongings were undisturbed.
 None of those who had been on board were ever seen or heard from again.
