"If You Can't Say No" is a song by Lenny Kravitz, released as the first single from his album "5".
 The song was written by Kravitz and reached #48 in the UK Singles Chart, while in the US, it peaked at #39 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
 Dance producer Brian Transeau remixed the track.
 All instruments were performed by Kravitz.
"(I Can't Make It) Another Day" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson featuring Lenny Kravitz, released on the posthumous album "Michael" which has sold 6.5 million globally.
 Initially leaked as a 90-second snippet, it was referred to as "Another Day".
 Shortly after the leak, singer-songwriter Lenny Kravitz confirmed that he had produced and composed "Another Day"; he stated that although he did not leak the song, he would like to have the full version of the song—in which he also features—officially released.
 Kravitz later referred to the song as "(I Can't Make It) Another Day" on Facebook prior to the release of the "Michael" album.
 The song was recorded for the album "Invincible", but dropped from the final track list.
 It was later re-written and re-titled "Storm", a collaboration between Kravitz and rapper Jay-Z which is featured on the former's 2004 album "Baptism".
"The One" is a song written by Slaughterhouse, a hip hop supergroup consisting of rappers Crooked I, Joe Budden, Joell Ortiz and Royce da 5'9".
 Produced by DJ Khalil, it is the lead single from the group's self-titled debut album.
 The beat samples heavily from the Boogie Down Productions I'm Still #1 and Lenny Kravitz song "Fly Away."
 The song was released on July 2, 2009.
Kravitz Design Inc. is a New York City-based company founded by musician Lenny Kravitz in 2003.
 Kravitz Design Inc. is a firm focusing on commercial, residential and product creative direction and design.
 Amongst its clients are the Morgans Hotel Group, Swarovski Crystal, and The Setai Group.
  In 2010, Kravitz Design Inc. collaborated with Flavor Paper wallpaper on the Tropicalismo Collection, a line inspired by Brazil's Tropicalia art movement of the late 1960s.
 
"Stillness of Heart", released on January 29, 2002, is a song written by Lenny Kravitz and Craig Ross, released on Kravitz's 2001 album "Lenny".
 The song charted at #38 on the US Modern Rock charts, #44 on the UK Singles Chart and #22 on Canada's Singles Chart.
"Again" is a song by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz, being the only new song from his first "Greatest Hits" album, released in 2000.
 Written, arranged and produced by himself, "Again" was initially set to be on his sixth studio album, however, Kravitz found out that the song didn't fit the tone of the album, releasing it as the lead-single from the compilation on September 14, 2000 through Virgin Records.
 The mid-tempo rock ballad finds Kravitz wondering if he will ever see his former lover again and if they will reunite once more.
"It Ain't Over 'til It's Over" is a song recorded, written, and produced by American musician Lenny Kravitz for his second studio album, "Mama Said" (1991).
 Released as the album's second single in June 1991, the song is a mid-tempo ballad, musically inspired by Motown, Philly soul, and Earth, Wind & Fire (particularly "That's the Way of the World").
 The horn line at the end is performed by the Phenix Horns from Earth, Wind & Fire.
 "That song just came out one day, and I knew it had a classic vibe.
 And I still love that song very much today", Kravitz said in an interview for VivaMusic.com in 2000.
 The line is based on a Yogiism, or quotation from Yogi Berra: "It ain't over 'til it's over."
 It was Kravitz's first top 10 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 of his career, and his highest peak in the chart.
 English singer Mutya Buena's 2007 song "Real Girl" contains a sample from "It Ain't Over 'til It's Over".
"Are You Gonna Go My Way" is the first single to be released by Lenny Kravitz from the album "Are You Gonna Go My Way".
 It was released in February 1993.
 It was written by Lenny Kravitz and Craig Ross.
 The single has been covered by numerous artists, such as Metallica, in a medley for "MTV Hits" at the 2003 MTV Music Video Awards, Tom Jones for the "Jerky Boys OST", Robbie Williams on Jones' 1999 album "Reload" and Melanie Brown in her solo section, on the Spice Girls Reunion Tour.
 Serbian hard rock band Cactus Jack recorded a version on their live cover album "DisCover" in 2002.
 A remixed version is played as the opening theme song in "Gran Turismo 3".
 Adam Lambert covered the song in November 2012 in his swing through South Africa.
 The song was featured in one episode of Fox animated series "The Simpsons".
 It was also featured in the music video game "Guitar Hero World Tour".
"Lady" is the final single from the 2004 album "Baptism" by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz.
 It was released on November 23, 2004.
 The song is believed to be written about Kravitz's then-girlfriend, Nicole Kidman.
 The track was used heavily in the GAP ads.
 The commercials featured Kravitz dancing and singing the song with his guitar to Sarah Jessica Parker.
"Where Are We Runnin'?"
 is the lead single produced, written, arranged and performed by Lenny Kravitz from his album "Baptism", released on April 10, 2004.
 The lyrics were written by Kravitz, and the music also by Kravitz in collaboration with Craig Ross.
