"Cuckoo Song" is a musical piece written by Michael Praetorius (1571 – 1621).
 In 1977 British musician Mike Oldfield released an arrangement of the piece as a single.
The Treaty of Paris, signed on 6 January 1810, ended the war between France and Sweden after Sweden's defeat by Russia, an ally of France, in the Finnish War of 1808-1809.
 Russia had previously been an ally of Sweden in the Third and Fourth Coalitions against France, but after Russia's defeat at Friedland, she joined France and attacked Sweden so as to compel her to join Napoleon's Continental System.
 Indeed, the primary result of the treaty was Sweden's agreement to join the Continental System, so that Sweden would not trade with the UK.
 Shortly after the treaty was signed, on 21 August 1810, one of Napoleon's marshals, Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte, was elected crown prince of Sweden, and he went on to found the House of Bernadotte, which remains the Royal House of Sweden.
 The peace resulting from the treaty lasted until Napoleon's refusal to permit Sweden to annex Norway, which was then under the sovereignty of Denmark, an ally of France.
 This was followed in January 1812 by French occupation of Swedish Pomerania for violation of the Continental System, since Sweden was still trading with the UK, and, in April, Sweden's conclusion of the Treaty of Petersburg with Russia against France.
Variations on a Korean Folk Song is a major musical piece written for concert band by John Barnes Chance in 1965.
 As the name implies, "Variations" consists of a set of variations on the Korean folk song "Arirang", which the composer heard while in South Korea with the U.S. Army in the late 1950s.
 In 1966 the piece was awarded the American Bandmasters Association's Ostwald Award.
The Canon de 12 Gribeauval or 12-pounder was a French cannon and part of the system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval.
 There were 1.079 English pounds in the Old French pound (French: "livre" ), making the weight of shot nearly 13 English pounds.
 The 12-pounder was the heaviest cannon in the French field artillery; the others were the light Canon de 4 Gribeauval and the medium Canon de 8 Gribeauval.
 Superseding the previous Vallière system, the Gribeauval system was adopted in 1765 and its guns were first used during the American Revolutionary War.
 The greatest use of Gribeauval guns came during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.
 During the latter wars, the 12-pounder was often employed in corps artillery reserves.
 Because of their physical and psychological effect, Emperor Napoleon increased the number of 12-pounders in his artillery and fondly called the cannons his "belles filles" (beautiful daughters).
 Gribeauval cannons fired canister shot for close-range work and round shot at more distant targets.
 In 1803 the Year XI system was introduced, but it only partly replaced the Gribeauval system which was not completely replaced until the Valée system was set up in 1829.
The Canon de 4 Gribeauval or 4-pounder was a French cannon and part of the artillery system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval.
 The Old French pound (French: livre) was 1.079 English pounds, making the weight of shot about 4.3 English pounds.
 In the Gribeauval era, the 4-pounder was the lightest weight cannon of the French field artillery; the others were the medium Canon de 8 Gribeauval and the heavy Canon de 12 Gribeauval.
 The Gribeauval system was introduced in 1765 and the guns were first employed during the American Revolutionary War.
 The most large-scale use of Gribeauval guns occurred during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.
 At first a pair of 4-pounders were assigned to each infantry battalion and were often called battalion pieces.
 Later, Emperor Napoleon took the guns away from the infantry units and began to replace the 4-pounder with the 6-pounder, using captured guns as well as newly cast French cannons.
 However, as the French infantry declined in quality after 1809, the 4-pounders were reintroduced in order to provide direct support for formations of foot soldiers.
 All Gribeauval cannons were capable of firing canister shot at close-range and round shot at long-range targets.
 The Gribeauval system supplanted the older Vallière system, was partly replaced by the Year XI system in 1803 and completely superseded by the Valée system in 1829.
Flight of Valor is a musical piece written by James Swearingen as a memorial for the victims of United Airlines Flight 93, which crashed in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, during the September 11, 2001, attacks.
The Obusier de 6 pouces Gribeauval or 6-inch howitzer was a French artillery piece and part of a system established by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval.
 The Old French inch (French: "pouce" ) was actually 1.066 English inches long so the weapon can accurately be described as a 6.4-inch howitzer.
 The Gribeauval system included the 6-inch howitzer, the light Canon de 4 Gribeauval, medium Canon de 8 Gribeauval and the heavy Canon de 12 Gribeauval.
 Superseding the older Vallière system, the Gribeauval system was introduced in 1765 and the guns were first used during the American Revolutionary War.
 The most comprehensive employment of Gribeauval guns occurred during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.
 Two 6-inch howitzers were often added to four or six cannons to make up a battery of artillery in Napoleon's armies.
 The 6-inch howitzer was capable of firing an exploding shell at long-range targets or a canister shot at close-range enemy personnel.
 Starting in 1803, the Year XI system partly replaced the Gribeauval artillery, but it was not until 1829 that the Gribeauval system was wholly superseded by the Valée system.
The Sonata for Two Pianos and Percussion, Sz.
 110, BB 115 is a musical piece written by Hungarian composer Béla Bartók in 1937.
 It was premiered by him and his second wife, Ditta Pásztory-Bartók, with the percussionists Fritz Schiesser and Philipp Rühlig at the International Society for Contemporary Music (ISCM) anniversary concert of 16 January 1938 in Basel, Switzerland, where it received enthusiastic reviews.
 Bartók and his wife also played the piano parts for the American premiere which took place in New York City's Town Hall in 1940, with the percussionists Saul Goodman and Henry Deneke.
 It has since become one of Bartók's most performed works.
"Unsquare Dance" is a musical piece written by the American jazz composer Dave Brubeck in 1961 and released as a single in the U.S. the same year (and in 1962 in the U.K.).
 The single peaked at No. 93 on the U.S. Cash Box chart on December 16, 1961, and reached No. 14 on the U.K. singles chart in the summer of 1962.
Musical composition can refer to an original piece of music, either a song or an instrumental music piece, the structure of a musical piece, or the process of creating or writing a new song or piece of music.
 People who create new compositions are called composers in classical music.
 In popular music and traditional music, the creators of new songs are usually called songwriters; with songs, the person who writes new words for a song is the lyricist.
 "Composition" is the act or practice of creating a song or other piece of music.
 In many cultures, including Western classical music, the act of composing typically includes the creation of music notation, such as a sheet music "score", which is then performed by the composer or by other instrumental musicians or singers.
 In popular music and traditional music, songwriting may involve the creation of a basic outline of the song, called the lead sheet, which sets out the melody, lyrics and chord progression.
 In classical music, orchestration (choosing the instruments of a large music ensemble such as an orchestra which will play the different parts of music, such as the melody, accompaniment, countermelody, bassline and so on) is typically done by the composer, but in musical theatre and in pop music, songwriters may hire an arranger to do the orchestration.
 In some cases, a pop or traditional songwriter may not use written notation at all, and instead compose the song in her mind and then play, sing and/or record it from memory.
 In jazz and popular music, notable sound recordings by influential performers are given the weight that written or printed scores play in classical music.
