Pomplamoose is an American musical duo which features Californian multi-instrumentalists Jack Conte and Nataly Dawn.
 The duo formed in the summer of 2008 and sold approximately 100,000 songs online in 2009.
 They are known for their diverse music style, which the pair themselves refuse to label.
The Weather Girls is an American musical duo.
 Formed in San Francisco, California in 1977 as Two Tons O' Fun, the duo, consisting of singers Izora Armstead and Martha Wash, originally served as Sylvester's backup singers.
 Later changing their name to The Two Sons and finally The Weather Girls, the duo reached their peak in popularity in 1982 with the international hit "It's Raining Men", which sold 6 over million copies worldwide and was included the following year in their album "Success".
Sunshine Becker (born Sunshine Flower Garcia on July 1, 1972) is an American singer who performed backing vocals for the band Furthur.
 Despite her maiden name, Garcia, she is not related to Jerry Garcia, an incorrect assumption made by some because of her involvement with Furthur, a post-Garcia incarnation of the Grateful Dead.
 Similarly, despite her first name, Sunshine, she is not to be confused with Sunshine Kesey, daughter of Ken Kesey and Carolyn Adams (aka Mountain Girl or MG), Jerry Garcia's second wife.
Juicy was an American musical duo consisting of siblings Jerry Barnes and Katreese Barnes.
 The group is best known for the songs "Sugar Free" and "Beat Street" feature song "Beat Street Strut".
 According to website Allmusic, the name comes from Mtume's number-one R&B hit "Juicy Fruit".
Alena and Ninel Karpovich (Belarusian: Алёна Карповіч, Нінэль Карповіч ; born on 3 March 1985 in Minsk, Byelorussian SSR, USSR) are a Belarusian twin sister musical duo that are current members of the pop group 3+2 that represented Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo.
 They have both hosted the Belarusian national lottery show together for a year.
 The twins have also release a few music singles as a musical duo.
 They were finalists in the television talent show New Voices of Belarus equal to Star Factory and got work in the main state orchestra of Belarus.
 During the television show TV project Musical Court the twins became two of the members of the pop group 3+2 that will represent Belarus in the Eurovision on 25 May 2010.
 The sisters also had their own entry in the Belarus pre-selection heats that was held previously.
Rock 'n Soul Part 1 (also titled Greatest Hits – Rock 'n Soul Part 1) is a greatest hits album by American musical duo Hall & Oates, credited as "Daryl Hall John Oates" on the album cover.
 Released by RCA Records in October 1983, the album featured mostly hit singles recorded by the duo and released by RCA, along with one single from the duo's period with Atlantic Records and two previously unreleased songs recorded earlier in the year: "Say It Isn't So" and "Adult Education".
The Righteous Brothers is an American musical duo of Bill Medley and (formerly) Bobby Hatfield.
 They began performing together in 1962 in the Los Angeles area as part of a five-member group called The Paramours, but adopted the name "The Righteous Brothers" when they embarked on their recording career as a duo.
 Their most active recording period was in the 1960s and 70s, and although the duo was inactive for some years, Hatfield and Medley reunited in 1981 and continued to perform until Hatfield's death in 2003.
 Their emotive vocal style is sometimes dubbed "blue-eyed soul".
Rock City is an American musical duo formed in 2003, from Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands.
 The duo consists of brothers Theron and Timothy Thomas, who use the stage names Uptown AP and A.I. respectively.
 They are also a songwriting and record production team.
 The duo have also released music under the names R. City and Planet VI.
 Their debut album, "What Dreams Are Made Of", was released in 2015.
 They are known for the single "Locked Away" featuring Adam Levine.
Buckner & Garcia, was an American musical duo consisting of Jerry Buckner and Gary Garcia from Akron, Ohio.
 Their first recording was made in 1972, when they performed a novelty song called "Gotta Hear the Beat", which they recorded as Animal Jack.
 Later, in 1980, they wrote a novelty Christmas song titled "Merry Christmas in the NFL", imagining sports journalist Howard Cosell as Santa Claus.
 Performed under the pseudonym Willis the Guard & Vigorish, the song reached No. 82 on the Billboard charts despite limited airplay after Cosell found the song offensive.
 In 1981, the duo wrote a sentimental country theme to back the poem "Footprints in the Sand", performed by Edgel Groves.
 The duo also wrote the lyrics for extra verses of an extended version of the "WKRP in Cincinnati" theme song in 1982.
"Footprints in the Sand" is a 1980 song by Edgel Groves based on the anonymous poem "Footprints in the Sand".
 The song, which became a one hit wonder for Groves, was written by Jerry Buckner and Gary Garcia of Buckner & Garcia.
 The song begins with female chorus "Footprints in the sand, he held me in his hand, and gave me strength to face the coming day...", then enters into Groves' reading of the poem "Last night I had a dream..." The B-side is an instrumental version of the song with narration of the poem by disc jockey Johnny Dark.
