The Dinaric calcareous silver fir forests are an endemic vegetation type of the littoral Dinaric Alps, located in southeastern Europe.
 Pure stands of Dinaric calcareous Silver fir —"Abies alba" forests appear on limestone escarpments in the montane zones of Orjen, Velebit, Biokovo and Prenj.
 They comprise one of the most interesting formations of Balkan vegetation types as the forests bear several rare plants and are of striking beauty.
 As a highly endemic and rare vegetation type of the Dinarids it needs protection.
Desert riparian is a North American desert vegetation type (or biome) occurring in the bottoms of canyons and drainages that have water at or near the surface most of the year.
 It is contrasted with the desert dry wash vegetation type in which water at or near the surface is lacking most of the year.
 The visual character is of large, lush green trees surrounded by dry desert vegetation and soil coloration.
 The area may be in a patch surrounding a spring (oasis), or in a strand following the course of water flow.
 Over 80% of known desert wildlife species use desert riparian areas.
 Common dominant species include Fremont cottonwood ("Populus fremontii"), Arizona ash ("Fraxinus velutina"), arroyo willow ("Salix lasiolepis"), Goodding's willow ("Salix gooddingii"), red willow ("Salix laevigata"), California fan palm ("Washingtonia filifera"), and invasive species such as salt cedar ("Tamarix ramosissima"), giant reed ("Arundo donax"), and Russian olive ("Elaeagnus angustifolia").
 Salt cedar is particularly causing problems for this ecosystem because it is able to extract water more efficiently than cottonwoods and willows.
 Many noninvasive non-native species may also be found because springs and surface water areas in the desert often were old homesites where such species were intentionally planted, such as elm, black locust, and assorted fruit trees.
Tabernaemontana donnell-smithii is an evergreen tree from the Apocynaceae family.
 In Spanish, it is huevos de caballo, cojones de burro, cojón de mico, or cojotón.
 The name, "huevos de caballo", comes from the oval shape of the tree's hanging fruit.
 It is native to Mexico and Central America.
 The type locality is San Felipe, Retalhuleu in Guatemala.
 "Tabernaemontana donnell-smithii" is similar to "Tabernaemontana glabra", except that its leaves and flowers are smaller and its fruit is larger.
A wildfire or wildland fire is a fire in an area of combustible vegetation that occurs in the countryside or rural area.
 Depending on the type of vegetation where it occurs, a wildfire can also be classified more specifically as a brush fire, bush fire, desert fire, forest fire, grass fire, hill fire, peat fire, vegetation fire, or veld fire.
 Fossil charcoal indicates that wildfires began soon after the appearance of terrestrial plants 420 million years ago.
 Wildfire’s occurrence throughout the history of terrestrial life invites conjecture that fire must have had pronounced evolutionary effects on most ecosystems' flora and fauna.
 Earth is an intrinsically flammable planet owing to its cover of carbon-rich vegetation, seasonally dry climates, atmospheric oxygen, and widespread lightning and volcano ignitions.
Crinum americanum is an aquatic angiosperm native to North America from Texas to South Carolina, as well as Mexico, Cuba, Jamaica and the Cayman Islands.
 Common names for this species include Florida swamp-lily, string lily, and southern swamp crinum.
 The species grows in small groups in still water habitats.
Lourensford Alluvium Fynbos is a critically endangered vegetation type that is endemic to Cape Town.
 Though closest to Fynbos, it has characteristics of both Fynbos and Renosterveld vegetation and is thus actually a unique hybrid vegetation type.
Caatinga (] ) is a type of desert vegetation, which can also be called Jola Jolilo (Jou-lah-Jouh-Liloy).
 It is the indian name for the Caatinga, and an ecoregion characterized by this vegetation in interior northeastern Brazil.
 The name "Caatinga" is a Tupi word meaning "white forest" or "white vegetation" ("caa" = forest, vegetation, "tinga" = white).
Vegetation classification is the process of classifying and mapping the vegetation over an area of the earth's surface.
 Vegetation classification is often performed by state based agencies as part of land use, resource and environmental management.
 Many different methods of vegetation classification have been used.
 In general, there has been a shift from structural classification used by forestry for the mapping of timber resources, to floristic community mapping for biodiversity management.
 Whereas older forestry-based schemes considered factors such as height, species and density of the woody canopy, floristic community mapping shifts the emphasis onto ecological factors such as climate, soil type and floristic associations.
 Classification mapping is usually now done using Geographic Information Systems (GIS) software.
Vegetation and slope stability are interrelated by the ability of the plant life growing on slopes to both promote and hinder the stability of the slope.
 The relationship is a complex combination of the type of soil, the rainfall regime, the plant species present, the slope aspect, and the steepness of the slope.
 Knowledge of the underlying slope stability as a function of the soil type, its age, horizon development, compaction, and other impacts is a major underlying aspect of understanding how vegetation can alter the stability of the slope.
 There are four major ways in which vegetation influences slope stability: wind throwing, the removal of water, mass of vegetation (surcharge), and mechanical reinforcement of roots.
Desert dry wash is a North American desert vegetation type (or biome) occurring in the flat bottoms of canyons and drainages that lack water at or near the surface most of the year, and are subject to periodic severe flooding events.
 Desert dry wash is contrasted with desert riparian vegetation, which occurs in desert canyons and drainages where there is year-round water at or near the surface.
 Plants must either be able to survive the severe flooding conditions or be able to reestablish themselves before the next flooding event.
 Some of these plants have evolved so that in order for their seeds to germinate, the seeds must be scarified or abraded by tumbling sand, gravel, and rocks during the flooding event.
 They must then quickly send down roots deep enough to be able to tap into deep underground water reserves, in order to survive the dry period after the flooding.
 Common dominant species of the desert dry wash include smoke tree ("Psorothamnus spinosus"), desert willow ("Chilopsis linearis"), catclaw ("Senegalia greggii"), cheesebush ("Ambrosia salsola"), and waterweed ("Baccharis sergiloides").
