Exeter Airport (IATA: EXT, ICAO: EGTE) , formerly "Exeter International Airport", is an airport located at Clyst Honiton in the District of East Devon close to the city of Exeter and within the county of Devon, South West England.
 In 2007 the airport handled over 1 million passengers for the first time, although passenger throughput subsequently declined.
 In 2016 it handled 847,257 passengers, a 3.1% increase compared with 2015.
 Exeter has a CAA Public Use Aerodrome Licence (Number P759) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction.
 The airport offers both scheduled and holiday charter flights within the United Kingdom and Europe.
Harbor Gateway Transit Center (formerly Artesia Transit Center) is a Metro Silver Line station and a large bus station at southern end of the Harbor Transitway located in the southwest corner of Interstate 110 (Harbor Freeway) and State Route 91 (Gardena Freeway) in Harbor Gateway close to Carson.
 The station has 12 bus bays and 900 park and ride spaces, and is the southern terminus of the Metro Silver Line (line 910 only).
 Many passengers connect to this station from other buses to transfer to the Silver Line.
 Public restrooms for passengers as began installation in October 2012 and opened in February 2013.
 The nextrip bus screens were installed in November 2012 and became fully functional in April 2013.
 The large hub is undergoing station improvements.
Sofia Airport (IATA: SOF, ICAO: LBSF) (Bulgarian: Летище София, "Letishte Sofiya" ) is the main international airport of Bulgaria located 10 km east from the centre of the capital city Sofia.
 In 2015 the airport surpassed 4 million passengers for the first time and handled a total of 4,088,943 passengers, a 7.2% increase compared to 3,815,158 passengers handled in 2014.
 In 2016, the number rose to almost 5 million passengers.
 The airport serves as the home base for BH Air, Bulgaria Air, and Bulgarian Air Charter and as a base for both Ryanair and Wizz Air.
 The Vrazhdebna Air Base of the Bulgarian Air Force is also located at the airport.
Futura International Airways was an airline with its head office in the "Zona Facturación" on the property of Palma de Mallorca Airport in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.
 It operated scheduled services and charter flights for tour operators and other airlines, in Europe, as well as wet lease and ad hoc charters.
 Its main base was Palma de Mallorca Airport.
 After failing to re-finance itself the company ceased trading on the 8 September 2008, leaving many passengers stranded in and around Spain.
International air travel from the United Kingdom refers to the commercial carriage of passengers between the UK and the rest of the world.
 In 2008, London Heathrow Airport which is also the busiest international airport on Earth handled 67,054,745 passengers which is more than the total population of the United Kingdom.
 The 20 busiest airports in the UK handled close to 230 million passengers in 2008 (185 million of whom were international passengers).
 The geographical size of the UK means that many flights that would be considered domestic in for example the United States are actually international (i.e. the distance from Heathrow to Charles de Gaulle Airport is roughly the same as the distance between John F. Kennedy International Airport and Washington Dulles International Airport).
 The London airports, Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted alongside Manchester Airport rank amongst the world's busiest airports by international passenger traffic.
 According to 2008 statistics the best served nations by direct flights from the UK were France, Italy, Spain, the United States and Germany with 50, 34, 33, 31 and 29 respectively.
 Overall Spain was the nation that saw the most passengers arrive from the UK in 2008, with a total of 34,557,729 (almost double the number that flew to the United States)
The A13 motorway is a motorway in the Netherlands, connecting the cities of The Hague and Rotterdam.
 The Rotterdam The Hague Airport is located next to the A13.
Juanda International Airport (JIA) (Indonesian: "Bandar Udara Internasional Juanda" ) (IATA: SUB, ICAO: WARR) , is an international airport located in Sedati, Sidoarjo and one of the major airports of Indonesia.
 This airport is located approximately 12 kilometers (8 miles) from Surabaya and serves the Gerbangkertosusila, the metropolitan area of Surabaya plus extended urban area.
 Juanda International Airport is operated by PT Angkasa Pura I.
 The airport takes its name after Djuanda Kartawidjaja, the last Prime Minister of Indonesia who had suggested development of this airport.
 Juanda International Airport is one of the busiest airports in Indonesia, based on the aircraft movements and passenger movements.
 In 2010, the airport handled 11 million passengers, although the capacity was 6 million passengers and the Air Traffic Controller radar system is only able to track 21 aircraft per hour, but at peak hour handled 40 to 45 aircraft landing and taking off.
 In 2013, the airport serves about 400 aircraft per day.
Lahad Datu Airport (IATA: LDU, ICAO: WBKD) is an airport located in the southeastern part of the Malaysian state of Sabah.
 The airport, which is situated approximately 1 km from downtown Lahad Datu, serves the town of Lahad Datu and its neighbouring districts such as Kinabatangan, FELDA Sahabat and Kunak.
 The airport can accommodate aircraft as large as the ATR72 and the terminal building can handle up to 100,000 passengers annually.
 In 2016, the airport handled 140,077 passengers and 3,713 aircraft movements.
Tarbes–Lourdes–Pyrénées Airport (French: "Aéroport de Tarbes-Lourdes-Pyrénées" ) (IATA: LDE, ICAO: LFBT) is an airport 9 km south-southwest of Tarbes in the Hautes-Pyrénées "département" of France.
 It handles scheduled and charter flights from across Europe, with many passengers Catholic pilgrims journeying to nearby Lourdes.
 The airport can handle large aircraft such as the Boeing 747.
Boise Airport (IATA: BOI, ICAO: KBOI, FAA LID: BOI) (Boise Air Terminal or Gowen Field) is a joint civil-military airport three miles south of Boise in Ada County, Idaho, United States.
 The airport is operated by the city of Boise Department of Aviation and is overseen by an Airport Commission.
 It is by far the busiest airport in the state of Idaho, serving more passengers than all other Idaho airports combined and roughly ten times as many passengers as Idaho's second busiest airport, Idaho Falls Regional Airport.
