Tänikon monastery is a former Cistercian monastery in the village of Ettenhausen in the municipality of Aadorf in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
 The former monastery church and the monastery buildings, now "Agrotechnorama" Tänikon, are both Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Preuilly Abbey (French: "Abbaye de Preuilly" ; Latin: "Prulliacum" ) was a Cistercian monastery in Égligny in the Seine-et-Marne department, France.
 It was located about 21 kilometres south-west of Provins and 15 kilometres east of Montereau-Fault-Yonne.
Barbeau Abbey (French: "Abbaye de Barbeau" or "Abbaye Notre-Dame de Barbeau" ; Latin: "Barbelum", "Sequanae portus" or "Sacer portus") is a former Cistercian monastery in Fontaine-le-Port in the French department of Seine-et-Marne.
 It was located about 10 kilometres northeast of Fontainebleau and 8 kilometres southeast of Melun.
Cherlieu Abbey (French: "Abbaye de Cherlieu" ; Latin: "Carus locus" ) is a former Cistercian monastery in the commune of Montigny-lès-Cherlieu in Haute-Saône, France, about 37 kilometres west-north-west of Vesoul and about 6 kilometres south-east of Vitrey-sur-Mance in the Forest of Cherlieu ("Forêt de Cherlieu").
The Royal Monastery of Santa Maria de Oia is a former Cistercian monastery, founded in 1137.
 It is located in the province of Pontevedra, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.
 It was declared a Bien de Interés Cultural landmark in 1931.
 The monastery is listed in the Register of Assets of Cultural Interest of Galicia in the list corresponding to the Province of Pontevedra, in the municipality of Oia, Spain.
The Pforta monastery is a former Cistercian monastery located near Naumburg in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
 It was established in the 1130s and prospered in the Middle Ages.
 In the course of Reformation the monastery was disbanded in 1540.
 Today the buildings are used by the school "Landesschule Pforta".
 The site is located on the tourist route Romanesque Road and has been nominated by Germany for inclusion in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites.
Rueda Abbey or Rueda de Ebro Abbey (Spanish: "Real Monasterio de Nuestra Señora de Rueda" , or the "Royal Monastery of Our Lady of the Wheel") is a former Cistercian monastery in Sástago in the Ribera Baja del Ebro comarca, province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain, 74 kilometres to the south-east of Zaragoza on the left bank of the Ebro.
 The buildings have been preserved by the government and are intended to be used for a hotel and conference centre.
Fontevivo Abbey (Italian: "Abbazia di Fontevivo" ; Latin: "Fons Vivus" ) is a former Cistercian monastery in Fontevivo, Province of Parma, Emilia-Romagna, Italy, about 15 kilometres west of Parma on the Via Emilia towards Fidenza.
The Cârţa Monastery is a former Cistercian (Benedictine) monastery in the Țara Făgărașului region in southern Transylvania in Romania, currently a Lutheran Evangelical church belonging to the local Saxon community.
 It lies on the left bank of the Olt River, between the cities of Sibiu and Făgăraş, close to the villages of "Cârţa" (German "Kerz", Hungarian: "Kerc") and "Cârțișoara" (German: "Kleinkerz").
 The monastery was probably founded in 1202–1206 by monks from Igriș Abbey (daughter house of Pontigny Abbey), and was disbanded in 1494, when the apostolic legate Ursus of Ursinis ratified Cârţa Abbey's attachment to the Provostship nullius of Sibiu.
 The Cistercian monastery introduced and helped develop French Gothic art in the region.
Bonnevaux Abbey (French: "Abbaye de Bonnevaux" ; Latin: "Bonae Valles" ) is a former Cistercian monastery in Lieudieu near Villeneuve-de-Marc in the Isère department of France, in the region of the Dauphiné, 25 kilometres east of Vienne and about 6 kilometres south-east of Saint-Jean-de-Bournay on the northern edge of the "Forêt de Bonnevaux".
