Ryan and Kyle Pepi (born August 2, 1993, in North Attleboro, Massachusetts) are twin child actors.
 In 1995, they had a recurring role on the soap opera "Another World", playing "Kirkland Harrison".
 In 1999, they played the character "Jackie Dunphy" in the movie "Outside Providence".
 The twins also shared credits for guest roles on episodes of the television series "MADtv" in 1999, "The X-Files" in 2000, "ER" in 2001, and "Robbery Homicide Division" in 2002.
 Ryan and Kyle also worked on commercials for products such as Ford Windstar, Papa Gino's, Playskool, Milton Bradley, Kids Town, Family Fun Magazine, and Parents Magazine.
I'm the Fiddle Man is Papa John's fourth solo album and the first with Buddah Records.
 The album was recorded after Papa John Creach left Jefferson Starship following the successful album, "Red Octopus".
 The supporting band on this album is known as Midnight Sun and had a similar lineup to Zulu on "Playing My Fiddle for You".
 This album featured fewer original compositions than the previous album.
Papa Murphy's, a business based in Vancouver, Washington, United States, is a take-and-bake pizza company.
 It began in 1995 as the merger of two take-and-bake pizza companies: Papa Aldo's Pizza (founded in 1981) and Murphy's Pizza (founded in 1981).
 The company and its franchisees operate more than 1,300 outlets in the United States and Canada.
 Papa Murphy's is the fifth-largest pizza chain in the United States.
Papa's Tomato Pies is a historic pizzeria selling tomato pies in New Jersey.
 It was founded by Giuseppe "Joe" Papa in 1912 on South Clinton Avenue in Trenton, New Jersey.
 Papa's is the oldest family owned and longest continuously operating pizzeria in the United States.
 Papa's is the second oldest pizzeria in the United States after Lombardi's Pizza, however Lombardi's closed for a decade from 1984 to 1994 and was reopened under new management.
PJI Korea Co, Ltd. (Papa John's International Korea Co, Ltd., hangul:피제이아이코리아, PJI코리아 (파파존스인터내쇼날코리아)) is a Korean pizza franchise.
 Headquartered in Seoul, Korea, it was established in 2005.
 It is a branch of the United States restaurant chain Papa John's Pizza.
LaRosa's Pizzeria is a chain of pizzerias serving neighborhoods throughout the Cincinnati, Greater Dayton, central Ohio, Northern Kentucky, Southeast Indiana and central Tennessee areas.
 It was founded in 1954 by Donald "Buddy" LaRosa, along with partners Richard "Muzzie" Minella, Mike Soldano and Frank "Head" Serraino.
 Originally called Papa Gino's, LaRosa later bought out his partners, and changed the name to LaRosa's.
Papa John Creach is Papa John Creach's first solo album.
 All the members of Jefferson Airplane also make appearances on the album along with members of the Grateful Dead, Quicksilver Messenger Service, Santana, and Tower of Power.
Gino's Pizza and Spaghetti is a restaurant chain with 40 locations, most of them within the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 The company was founded by Kenney Grant in 1961.
 Many locations are shared with Tudor's Biscuit World although the Gino's brand is exclusive to West Virginia.
 There is one located in Ohio, while there are stand alone Tudor's locations in eastern Kentucky, southern Ohio and southwest Virginia.
 Gino's serves pizza, spaghetti, sandwiches, and more.
 Company headquarters are located in Huntington, West Virginia and Nitro, West Virginia.
Papa John's Pizza is an American restaurant franchise company.
 It runs the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the United States, with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, a suburb of Louisville.
Papa Gino's, Inc. is a restaurant chain based in Dedham, Massachusetts specializing in American-style pizza along with pasta, subs, salads, and a variety of appetizers.
 There are over 150 Papa Gino's locations in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island.
