Cornelius "Con" Bernard Colbert (Irish: "Conchúir Ó Colbáird" ; 19 October 1888 – 8 May 1916) was an Irish rebel and pioneer of Fianna Éireann.
 For his part in the 1916 Easter Rising, he was shot by firing squad in Kilmainham Gaol, Dublin, on 8 May 1916.
The Old Melbourne Gaol is a museum on Russell Street, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
 It consists of a bluestone building and courtyard, and is located next to the old City Police Watch House and City Courts buildings.
 It was first constructed starting in 1839, and during its operation as a prison between 1842 and 1929, it held and executed some of Australia's most notorious criminals, including bushranger Ned Kelly and serial killer Frederick Bailey Deeming.
 In total, 133 people were executed by hanging.
 Though it was used briefly during World War II, it formally ceased operating as a prison in 1924; with parts of the gaol being incorporated into the RMIT University, and the rest becoming a museum.
Ruthin Gaol is a Pentonville style prison in Ruthin, Denbighshire.
 Ruthin Gaol ceased to be a prison in 1916 when the prisoners and guards were transferred to Shrewsbury.
 The County Council bought the buildings in 1926 and used part of them for offices, the county archives, and the town library.
 During the Second World War the prison buildings were used as a munitions factory, before being handed back to the County Council, when it was the headquarters of the Denbighshire Library Service.
 In 2004 the Gaol was extensively renovated and reopened as a museum.
Heuston Gate is a proposed skyscraper development for Dublin in Ireland.
 Heuston Gate was planned to contain at its heart a 32 storey tower, which would have been either Ireland's tallest or second tallest building depending on when the U2 Tower was completed.
 Designed by Paul Keogh Architects the tower was commissioned by the Office of Public Works as part of the OPW’s major urban renewal project at Military Road Kilmainham.
The Kilmainham Treaty was an informal agreement reached in May 1882 between Liberal British Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone and the Irish nationalist leader Charles Stewart Parnell.
 Whilst in gaol, Parnell moved in April 1882 to make a deal with the government, negotiated through Captain William O'Shea MP.
 The government would settle the "rent arrears" question allowing 100,000 tenants to appeal for fair rent before the land courts.
 Parnell promised to use his good offices to quell the violence and to
Tibradden Mountain (Irish: "Sliabh Thigh Bródáin" , meaning "mountain of the house of Bródáin" ) is a mountain in County Dublin in Ireland.
 Other former names for the mountain include "Garrycastle" and "Kilmainham Begg" (a reference to Kilmainham Priory which once owned the lands around the mountain).
 It is 467 m high and is the 561st highest mountain in Ireland.
 It forms part of the group of hills in the Dublin Mountains which comprises Two Rock, Three Rock, Kilmashogue and Tibradden Mountains.
 The views from the summit encompass Dublin to the north, Two Rock to the east and the Wicklow Mountains to the south and west.
 The geological composition is mainly granite and the southern slopes are strewn with granite boulders.
 The summit area is a habitat for heather, furze, gorse and bilberry as well as Sika deer, foxes and badgers.
 The forestry plantation on the slopes – known as the Pine Forest – contains Scots pine, Japanese larch, European larch, Sitka spruce, oak and beech.
 The mountain is also a site of archaeological interest with a prehistoric burial site close to the summit.
Kilmainham Gaol (Irish: "Príosún Chill Mhaighneann" ) is a former prison in Kilmainham, Dublin, Ireland.
 It is now a museum run by the Office of Public Works, an agency of the Government of Ireland.
 Many Irish revolutionaries, including the leaders of the 1916 Easter Rising, were imprisoned and executed in the prison by the British.
The Pavlyuk uprising of 1637 was a Cossack uprising in Left-bank Ukraine and Zaporizhia headed by Pavlo Mikhnovych against the abuses of the nobility and magnates of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
 The uprising was sparked by several Cossacks expelled from the Cossack Registry.
 Mikhnovych ordered the captured commanders of the Registered Cossacks to be executed and issued a declaration, in which he proclaimed a fight against the "masters".
 Defeated by the forces of Mikołaj Potocki in the Battle of Kumeyki in 1637, he was brought to Warsaw, tried and executed.
 The uprising was bloodily quelled, only to restart the following year in the form of the Ostrzanin Uprising, also defeated by the Commonwealth.
Seán Heuston, (Irish: "Seán Mac Aodha" 21 February 1891 – 8 May 1916), born Jack Heuston, and sometimes referred to as J. J. Heuston, was an Irish rebel and member of Fianna Éireann who took part in the Easter Rising of 1916.
 With about 20 Volunteers, he held the Mendicity Institution on the River Liffey for over two days, though it was originally only intended to be held for 3–4 hours.
 He was executed by firing squad on 8 May in Kilmainham Gaol.
Grace Evelyn Gifford Plunkett (4 March 1888 – 13 December 1955) was an Irish artist and cartoonist who was active in the Republican movement, who married her fiancé Joseph Plunkett in Kilmainham Gaol only a few hours before he was executed for his part in the 1916 Easter Rising.
