Who Killed Harry Houdini?
 is the second full-length studio album by Swedish indie pop band I'm from Barcelona, released on October 14, 2008.
 A streaming version of the album's single, "Paper Planes", was released on Spin on July 15, 2008.
 It was co-produced by band leader Emanuel Lundgren, and Fabian Torsson.
Live at the Greek Theatre 2008 is a live album released by musician Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band in 2010.
 It is one of few current albums that Ringo Starr has released on a major label, this one being released on Universal Music Group, as well as his 2008 studio album "Liverpool 8", which was released under Capitol Records.
 One of the reasons that this particular live album might have been released on a more popular label is because the Greek Theatre (located in Los Angeles) is more of a bigger venue then some of Ringo's other concert locations.
 The album oddly removes many of the songs that were sung at the concert.
 On the filmed concert, also included with the CD, there are several more songs.
 Such examples are Edgar Winter's "Frankenstein" and what would have been an obvious choice for the album, a live version of Ringo Starr's "Liverpool 8" song.
 Also, there is a sing-along version of John Lennon's "Give Peace a Chance".
 News of the album was originally revealed on the Beatles' official website as well as Ringo's official website.
Jona is the third studio album by singer Jonalyn Viray, released under stage name Jona.
 It is also her first album released by Star Music Philippines.
 The twelve-track album features collaborations with Regine Velasquez on the song "Matibay" and the newly formed boy band PH for "Till the End of Time".
 Jona also recorded Basil Valdez's "You" and Jericho Rosales' "Pusong Ligaw" for the album.
 The album also includes the hit song "Maghihintay Ako."
 It became available for streaming on Spotify on February 27, 2017, music stores on March 3, 2017, and on iTunes on March 4, 2017.
Scratch and Crow (1995) is a four-minute, 16mm, animated film made by Helen Hill as her MFA thesis at the California Institute of the Arts.
 On January 1, 2017, an authorized Helen Hill Vimeo account launched and includes a high-resolution streaming version of the film, with this annotation: "This hand drawn animated film reveals the secret life cycle of chickens, from their hatching by mother cats to their noisy ascent into Heaven.
 Filmed in 16 mm."
Winter's Gate is the seventh studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Insomnium.
 It was released worldwide on September 23, 2016 via Century Media Records.
 It is a concept album said to be about “a group of Vikings who set out to find a fabled island west of Ireland, despite the treacherous winter drawing near.”
 The album consists of a single 40-minute track, but it was split into seven separate tracks for the digital download and streaming version.
Metamorphosis is the sixth studio album by the Danish melodic death metal band Mercenary.
 This is the first album, except for their debut, First Breath, not to include the Sandager brothers, Mikkel on clean vocals and Morten on keyboards and Mike Park on drums since 11 Dreams.
 This is also the first album to feature Morten Løwe on drums.
 It was released on February 25, 2011, under the label Napalm Records.
 The US version was released on March 29 under the label Prosthetic Records, and will include one bonus track.
 The song "The Follower" was released on the band's YouTube channel on December 23, 2010, and the song "In a River of Madness" was released for streaming on the band's Facebook page on February 8, 2011.
 On February 14, the whole album was released for streaming on the Metal Hammer Germany website.
"Wicked" is a single by American rapper Future.
 It was released on April 13, 2016, as the first single from his thirteenth mixtape "Purple Reign" (2016).
 The song was also included on the streaming version of "EVOL".
 The song samples "Kanet Rohi" written by Özcan Deniz, and performed by Rayan.
Begum Gul Bakaoli Sarfarosh (Urdu: بیگم گل بکاولی سرفروش) is the third studio album released by the Pakistani rock band Noori.
 The album was released on 9 October 2015 through a three-day album launch tour in the cities of Lahore, Karachi, and Islamabad (respectively).
 Additionally, the album was made available through music streaming service Patari.pk as a free Patari exclusive.
 The album was preceded by a music video for "Aik tha Badshah" using a more electronica-influenced mix than the version eventually used on the album.
The Bloom and the Blight is the fourth full-length album from the band Two Gallants, released on September 4, 2012.
 It follows up their self-titled album, "Two Gallants", which was released on September 25, 2007.
 A streaming version of the full album was made available on August 27, 2012, by "Rolling Stone" magazine.
"Used to This" is a song by American rapper Future.
 It was released on November 4, 2016, by Freebandz and Epic Records, as the intended first single from his upcoming fourteenth mixtape "Beast Mode 2" (2017), however, it was later included on the streaming version of "Future" (2017).
 The song, produced by Zaytoven, features a guest appearance from frequent collaborator Drake.
