The Black Movie Awards (BMAs) is an annual ceremony held to recognize achievements of film actors of African descent and to honor films that stand out in their portrayal of Black experience.
 Founded in 1997, with an inaugural event at the American Black Film Festival (ABFF), it has been televised several times since 2005, including the 2005 ceremony hosted by Cedric the Entertainer and the 2006 ceremony hosted by Tyler Perry.
The 2016 MTV Movie Awards was held on June 15, 2016 from Warner Brothers Studios in Burbank, California, as the first such event in 21 years as well as being the first Movie Awards to be held outdoors.
 In addition, this year also became the first since the 2006 MTV Movie Awards not to be aired live as the event was pre-recorded on April 9 prior to its April 10 date and the first since the 2003 MTV Movie Awards to include two hosts instead of one.
TV Land: Myths and Legends is a TV Land original television series in which celebrity and expert panelists discuss popular myths surrounding American television, music, and motion pictures.
 The six episode first season aired weekly on Wednesday nights starting January 30, 2007.
 Ratings were generally impressive for the first season.
Cedric Antonio Kyles (born April 24, 1964), better known by his stage name, Cedric the Entertainer, is an American actor, comedian, director, and game show host.
 He was originally the host on "It's Showtime at the Apollo".
 He also hosted BET's "ComicView" during the 1993–1994 season and "Def Comedy Jam" in 1995.
 He is best known for co-starring with Steve Harvey on The WB sitcom "The Steve Harvey Show" and starring as Eddie Walker in "Barbershop".
 He hosted the twelfth season of daytime version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" in the 2013–2014 television season.
 He also starred in the TV Land original series "The Soul Man", which aired its fifth and final season in 2016.
The third season of the TV Land original sitcom "Hot in Cleveland" premiered on November 30, 2011.
 TV Land originally ordered 22 episodes but later increased the order to 24.
 The series stars Valerie Bertinelli, Wendie Malick, Jane Leeves, and Betty White.
The first season of the "Hot in Cleveland", an American situation comedy television series, aired in the United States on TV Land.
 The series was the channel's first venture into scripted television series.
 Created by television producer and writer Suzanne Martin, the show was produced by Hazy Mills Productions, SamJen Productions, TV Land Original Productions while Martin, Sean Hayes, Todd Milliner, Lynda Obst, Larry W. Jones, and Keith Cox served as executive producers.
 The show focuses on three women from Los Angeles who unexpectedly crash land in Cleveland, Ohio and, enthralled by the attention the receive, decide to move there.
 The series stars Valerie Bertinelli, Wendie Malick and Jane Leeves as the three Los Angeles women Melanie Moretti, Victoria Chase, and Joy Scroggs.
 Veteran actress Betty White also stars in the series as Elka Ovstrosky, the women's sassy caretaker.
 The season also featured numerous guest stars, including John Schneider, Susan Lucci, Carl Reiner and Joe Jonas.
Gary Anthony Williams (born March 14, 1966) is an American actor and comedian who provided the voice of Uncle Ruckus on "The Boondocks", Yancy Westridge in the video game "Alpha Protocol", and Horace Warfield in "".
 He appeared on the television series "Weeds", "Boston Legal", "Blue Collar TV", and as "Abe" Kenarban in "Malcolm in the Middle".
 Williams co-founded and is Artistic Director of the L.A. Comedy Shorts film festival in Hollywood, California.
 He also starred alongside Cedric the Entertainer on the hit TV Land sitcom "The Soul Man".
 Williams is currently a regular on "Whose Line is it Anyway?
".
Asiavision Movie Awards has been held annually since 2006 to honor the artistes and technicians of south Indian cinema.
 More than 40,000 people across United Arab Emirates attended the 2012 movie awards which was held on November 9, 2012 at Sharjah cricket stadium.
 Mohanlal and Rima Kallingal won Best Actors and Juhi Chawla and Shruti Haasan won excellence awards.
 In 2013 Asiavision Movie Awards was held at Dubai festival city, where Mammootty won Best Actor for Kunjananthante kada and Kavya Madhavan won best actress for Bavuttiyude Namathil .
Bollywood actor John Abraham won Icon of the year and Rani Mukerji won excellence in Hindi cinema for Talaash and Bombay talkies .
 Preity Zinta won Pride of Bollywood award and Karisma Kapoor was one among the chief guests.
 In 2009 first edition of Asiavision Television Awards started at Sharjah cricket stadium where Oscar Award winner Resul Pookutty attended as chief guest.4th and 5th edition of Television Awards witnessed the presence of Mohanlal and Karisma Kapoor along with the television celebrities of Malayalam television industry.
 In 2014 February 8 first edition of Asiavision Radio Awards was launched, where the leading Malayalam radio stations representatives were honored also kareena kapoor khan awarded with Icon of India.
The Soul Man is an American sitcom created by Suzanne Martin and Cedric the Entertainer.
 The series is a spin-off from "Hot in Cleveland", in which Cedric guest starred in the 2011 episode "Bridezelka", the backdoor pilot for "The Soul Man".
 The series premiered on TV Land on June 20, 2012 with a 12-episode order.
Wesley Jonathan Waples (born October 18, 1978), known professionally as Wesley Jonathan, is an American actor.
 He is best known for his starring role as Jamal Grant on the NBC Saturday morning comedy-drama series "City Guys", Sweetness in the 2005 film "Roll Bounce", as well as Burrell "Stamps" Ballentine on TV Land's "The Soul Man".
