Volkstümliche Musik (German for "folksy/traditional/popular music") is a modern popular derivation of the traditional "Volksmusik" genre of German-speaking countries in general and their Alpine regions in particular.
 Though it is often marketed as "Volksmusik", it differs from traditional folk music in that it is commercially performed by celebrity singers and concentrates on newly created sentimental and cheerful feel-good compositions.
 Volkstümliche Musik is sometimes instrumental, but usually presented by one or especially two singers and is most popular amongst an adult audience in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and also in South Tyrol (Italy), Alsace (France), Netherlands, Flanders (Belgium), Slovenia and Silesia (Poland).
Stjórnin comprised two singers, Grétar Örvarsson, born July 11, 1959 and Sigríður Beinteinsdóttir, born July 24, 1962.
 Together they represented Iceland at the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 held in Zagreb.
 Their entry, "Eitt lag enn" was placed fourth out of 22 songs.
 Both singers were later members of another Eurovision group Heart 2 Heart who represented Iceland in 1992 with the song "Nei eða já".
 This entry was placed seventh out of 23 in Malmö.
"Leave Them Boys Alone" is a song recorded by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr. with Waylon Jennings and Ernest Tubb.
 It was released in May 1983 as the second single from Williams' album "Strong Stuff".
 The song reached number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 It was written by Williams, Dean Dillon, Gary Stewart and Tanya Tucker.
 The song is notable for its combination of two singers associated with the outlaw movement with a country legend from the honky tonk days and golden age of the Grand Ole Opry.
 Outlaw singers like Williams and Jennings saw themselves as taking country music back to its raw, honky tonk roots, and recording an up tempo song with Tubb (who would never have received radio airplay in the late 1970s and early 80's) and reaching #6 was a slap in the face to the proponents of the country pop sound.
 The lyrics of the song, much like Williams' "Family Tradition" echo the sentiment that the outlaw singers and their current escapades were predated by the hard living honky tonkers of the 1950s such as Hank Williams, Sr. and Ernest Tubb, prior to the music being fairly taken over by the Nashville Sound in the 1960s.
Pagode is a type of Brazilian country-folk traditional style of music.
 It's also known as Cipó Preto (black liana), Pagode caipira (rural pagode) or Pagode sertanejo (folk pagode).
 Sertanejo means anything that comes from the back-country, outback or simply the countryside.
 This style of music was pioneered by musicians Tião Carreiro and Lourival dos Santos in the late 1950s, when they fused the "Coco" and "Calango de roda" rhythms.
 Although other instruments can be added, it is much characterized by its simple, acoustic approach, with the use of just one or two viola guitars, often accompanied by an acoustic guitar and, at times, a light percussion section.
 A structural feature commonly used in this genre is the alternation of verses sung with the accompaniement of a classical guitar, with solos of viola caipira.
 Pieces can be entirely instrumental or have one or two singers, usually: when there are two lead vocals (that can be men, women or a combination), they sing together on a steady interval.
 The metrics used are usually of five or seven-syllable roundels, and in presentations, songs quite often are linked together, on a medley.
 Another notable feature are its lyrics, that tend to portray the everyday life of country people, telling stories about simple life, nature, love, booze, animals and so on.
St. Beauty is an American music group composed of two singers, Alexe Belle and Isis Valentino.
 The duo is affiliated with a larger artistic collective called Wondaland Art Society, a group of musicians that also includes Janelle Monáe, Jidenna, Roman GianArthur, and Deep Cotton.
 Both the duo and the collective are based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Let's put the record straight on "Luton Airport" it was born out of an advert for Campari featuring Loraine Chase and other 'Celebrity' Actors.
 It was written off the back of the advert cashing in on its success .
 It was produced by Dave Dee at WEA records.
 The lead singer was not Dina Payne but a top TV dancer named Bee Rowley who worked with many of the leading TV choreographers of the 80's including Geoff Richer, Nigel Lithco and Arlene Phillips- Dina along with two other girls in the group supplied the backing vocals.
 Cats UK with Bee Rowley as lead singer made a follow up cover version of " Sixteen Looking for Love" which failed to reach the charts.
 The group was disbanded.
 Despite their appearances on "T.O.P and making revenue from sales none of the 'Group received a penny for their hard work and time fronting and performing the record because as often the song writers (NOT Dave Dee - the producer) took their royalties but didn't the artists.
 The Cats UK Group sort expensive legal advise out of their own pockets only to find any legal challenge would be both costly and a waste of time because the 'Songs Writers' ??
 would bankrupt the title company before making payment.
 Such were the realities and the tricks of the trade in glamorous music industry of that time for four hard working hopeful young girls in their early twenties!
 ... The Songs Writers ??
continued to ... write and have had entries accepted for the Eurovision Song Contest in the past "Luton Airport" is a 1979 song by Cats U.K..
 It made #22 on the UK Singles Chart after being featured in an advert for Campariand not the #9 as Deena Payne, who provided the vocals for the song, would like to believe:
"Shame" is a song written and recorded by English singers Robbie Williams and Gary Barlow for Williams's second greatest hits compilation album, "" (2010).
 Produced by Trevor Horn, it was released as the lead single from the album on 27 August 2010 in most countries worldwide and on 1 October in the United Kingdom.
 "Shame" marks the first time Williams and Barlow collaborated on a song together solely and the first time they worked together since Williams left Take That in 1995.
 It is a pop song with country and electro music influences; two reviewers noted that it contains an acoustic guitar part similar to the one of the Beatles' 1968 song, "Blackbird".
 The lyrical content revolves around singers' broken relationship and fixing things up.
I Would Like to See You Again is the 57th album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1978.
 The title track peaked at #12 on the singles chart, while "There Ain't No Good Chain Gang" reached #2; the album itself peaked at #23.
 The album features a pair of duets with Waylon Jennings, one of which was the "There Ain't No Good Chain Gang" single; it was one of Cash's first collaborations with Jennings, and the two recorded songs together throughout the 1980s, including a separate album entitled "Heroes".
 Cash and Jennings would also work together as The Highwaymen with Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson.
"Dirty Dancer" is a song by Spanish recording artist Enrique Iglesias and American recording artist Usher, recorded for Iglesias' sixth studio album, "Euphoria", and included on Usher's EP "Versus".
 A remix of the song, which features American rapper Lil Wayne and American singer Nayer, was released on 9 May 2011 by Universal Music Group as the sixth single from "Euphoria".
 Written by the two singers with Evan Bogart, Erika Nuri and David Quiñones and producer RedOne, "Dirty Dancer" is a dance-pop song with rave music influences.
"There Ain't No Good Chain Gang" is a song written by Hal Bynum and Dave Kirby, and recorded by American country music artists Johnny Cash and Waylon Jennings.
 It was released in May 1978 as the second single from the album "I Would Like to See You Again".
 The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
