David S. Garnett (born 1947) is a UK science fiction author and editor whose novels include "Cosmic Carousel", "Stargonauts" and "Bikini Planet".
 He edited a paperback anthology revival of Michael Moorcock's "New Worlds" magazine, two "Zenith" anthologies of original British SF stories, and three "Orbit Science Fiction Yearbooks".
Behold the Man (1969) is a science fiction novel by British writer Michael Moorcock.
 It originally appeared as a novella in a 1966 issue of "New Worlds"; later, Moorcock produced an expanded version which was first published in 1969 by Allison & Busby.
 The title derives from the Gospel of John, Chapter 19, Verse 5: "Then Jesus came out, wearing the crown of thorns and the purple robe.
 And Pilate said to them Behold the Man."
The Warlord of the Air is a 1971 British alternate history science fiction novel written by Michael Moorcock.
 It concerns the adventures of Oswald Bastable, an Edwardian era soldier stationed in India, and his adventures in an alternate universe, in his own future, wherein the First World War never happened.
 It is the first part of Moorcock's 'A Nomad of the Time Streams' trilogy and, in its use of speculative technology (such as airships) juxtaposed against an Edwardian setting, it is widely considered to be one of the first steampunk novels.
 The novel was first published by Ace Books as part of their Ace Science Fiction Specials series.
Douglas Arthur Hill (6 April 1935 – 21 June 2007) was a Canadian science fiction author, editor and reviewer.
 He was born in Brandon, Manitoba, the son of a railroad engineer, and was raised in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.
 An avid science fiction reader from an early age, he studied English at the University of Saskatchewan (where he earned an Honours B.A. in 1957) and at the University of Toronto.
 He married fellow writer and U. of S. alumna Gail Robinson (writer) in 1958; they moved to Britain in 1959, where he worked as a freelance writer and editor for Aldus Books.
 In 1967–1968 he served as Assistant Editor of the controversial "New Worlds" science fiction magazine under Michael Moorcock.
The Chinese Agent (1970) is a comic novel by Michael Moorcock.
 It is a revision of "Somewhere in the Night", which Moorcock published in 1966 under the pseudonym Bill Barclay.
 Although Moorcock is best known as the author of fantasy fiction and science fiction-based parables such as "Behold the Man" and "The Dancers at the End of Time", here he writes a light-hearted caper that parodies the spy novel genre.
A Cure for Cancer is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock, first published in London 1971 by Allison and Busby.
 The book is part of Moorcock's long-running Jerry Cornelius series.
The Final Programme is a novel by British science fiction and fantasy writer Michael Moorcock.
 Written in 1965 as the underground culture was beginning to emerge, it was not published for several years.
 Moorcock has stated that publishers at the time considered it was "too freaky".
Science Fiction: The 100 Best Novels, An English-Language Selection, 1949–1984 is a nonfiction book by David Pringle, published by Xanadu in 1985 with a foreword by Michael Moorcock.
 Primarily, the book comprises 100 short essays on the selected works, covered in order of publication, without any ranking.
 It is considered an important critical summary of the science fiction field.
"Black Blade" is a song by American rock band Blue Öyster Cult.
 The lyrics were written by Eric Bloom and British science fiction writer Michael Moorcock from the viewpoint of Elric, Moorcock's most famous character.
 Elric wields a sentient, soul-sucking sword named Stormbringer.
 Aside from a set of cryptic, blood-red runes on the blade, the sword is black, hence the name "Black Blade".
 The music was jointly composed by Eric Bloom, lead singer of Blue Öyster Cult, and bass-player John Trivers.
 The song was featured in the Blue Öyster Cult album "Cultösaurus Erectus."
 When Bloom was asked how he got in touch with Moorcock for the song he claims, "I went out of my way to send him a Fan Boy letter.
 He was living in England, and he came over to America, to meet with his publisher.
 He said, “Let's get together.”
 We got together, and bonded, and he started sending me lyrics.
 That is how "Black Blade," "Veteran of Psychic Wars" and "Great Sun Jester" happened.
"Epic Pooh" is a 1978 article by the British science fiction writer Michael Moorcock, which reviews the field of epic fantasy, with a particular focus on epic fantasy written for children.
 In it Moorcock critiques J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" for its politically conservative assumptions and for being escapist literature.
