X-Large is a clothing store/line founded in Los Angeles in 1991.
 It soon became popular with urban youth and hip-hop artists (Beastie Boys' Michael Diamond was one of the company's original partners).
 It is very popular in Japan and Hong Kong, it is most famous for its Gorilla Logo.
 According to I.T's official website, which is a retail chain that carries X-Large branded items in Hong Kong, X-Large was the first street brand to use a gorilla or monkey as a logo even before "A Bathing Ape in Lukewarm Water".
I.T () is a Hong Kong fashion conglomerate founded in 1988.
 It owns a number of Hong Kong brands which it retails as well as distributing European and Japanese brands such as French Connection and A Bathing Ape.
 It has a large presence in Asia and several stores in a single mall in Richmond, British Columbia (in Canada).
Nigo (ニゴー , "Nigō" , born on December 23, 1970) is a Japanese fashion designer, DJ, record producer and entrepreneur.
 He is best known as the creator of the urban clothing line A Bathing Ape (Bape).
 He is the DJ of the Japanese hip hop group Teriyaki Boyz.
BAPE (or A Bathing Ape) is a Japanese clothing company.
Exact Data provides direct marketing services with a focus in postal, email, and telephone solutions.
 The company provides mailing lists and email marketing services designed to help companies acquire and retain customers.
 Exact Data is based in Chicago, Illinois and operates in 2 countries.
A Bathing Ape (ア・ベイジング・エイプ , A Beijingu Eipu ) (or BAPE) is a Japanese clothing brand founded by Nigo in Ura-Harajuku in 1993.
 The brand specializes in men's, women's and children's lifestyle and street wear, running 19 stores in Japan, including Bape Stores, Bape Pirate Stores, Bape Kids Stores, Bapexclusive Aoyama, and Bapexclusive Kyoto.
 The Kyoto store also includes Bape Gallery, a space used for various events and art shows sponsored by Bape.
 There are also stores located in Hong Kong, New York City, London, Taipei, China, Bangkok and Singapore.
Cypriot–Maltese relations are foreign relations between Cyprus and Malta.
 The two countries share membership of the European Union and Commonwealth of Nations.
 Cyprus is represented to Malta through its accredited embassy in Rome (Italy).
 Malta is represented to Cyprus through its accredited embassy in Athens (Greece).
 The political relations are close due to similarities between the 2 countries (on historical, economical and regional).
 By May 2004, the two island countries, along with the Baltic states , Slovenia and the Visegrad Group entered the European Union.
Cypriot–Saudi Arabian relations are foreign relations between Cyprus and Saudi Arabia.
 The two countries share membership of the United Nations.
 Cyprus is represented to Saudi Arabia through its accredited honorary consulate in Jeddah.
 Saudi Arabia is represented to Cyprus through its accredited embassy in Nicosia.
 The political relations are close due to similarities between the 2 countries on historical, geographical and economical issues.
Río Negro (] ) is a river that divides the countries of Honduras and Nicaragua along the Pacific coast.
 Its path was substantially altered by Hurricane Mitch in October 1998.
 It mostly runs through a very undeveloped jungle region of the 2 countries.
Russia–Singapore relations (Russian: Российско-сингапурские отношения ) refers to the bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Russia and Singapore.
 Russia has an embassy in Singapore.
 Singapore has an embassy in Moscow.
 Both countries are full members of APEC.
 Relations between the 2 countries have been described as "excellent", with Russia and Singapore sharing many common interests and enjoying close collaborations on many levels
