The Castaways on Gilligan's Island is a 1979 made-for-television comedy film that continues the adventures of the shipwrecked castaways from the 1964–67 sitcom "Gilligan's Island" and the first reunion movie, "Rescue from Gilligan's Island", featuring the original cast from the television series with the exception of Tina Louise, who was replaced in the role of Ginger Grant by Judith Baldwin.
 Written by Al Schwartz, Elroy Schwartz and series creator Sherwood Schwartz and directed by Earl Bellamy, it was first broadcast on NBC May 3, 1979.
 Unlike the independently-produced "Rescue from Gilligan's Island", this and the subsequent "The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island" were produced by Universal Television.
Paul Brickman (born April 23, 1949) is an American screenwriter and film director, born in Chicago.
 He is best known for the film "Risky Business", which he directed and wrote.
 His father, Morrie Brickman, created the comic strips "Small Society," "Pic-trix," "Crosscut," and "Blue Chips," as well as commercial work, including the brand character for Duncan Yoyos.
Palmy Days (1931) is an American Pre-Code musical comedy film written by Eddie Cantor, Morrie Ryskind, and David Freedman, directed by A. Edward Sutherland, and choreographed by Busby Berkeley (who makes a cameo appearance as a fortune teller).
 The film stars Eddie Cantor.
 The famed Goldwyn Girls make appearances during elaborate production numbers set in a gymnasium and a bakery ("Glorifying the American Doughnut").
 Betty Grable, Paulette Goddard, Virginia Grey, and Toby Wing are among the bevy of chorines.
My Man Godfrey is a 1936 American screwball comedy film directed by Gregory La Cava.
 The screenplay was written by Morrie Ryskind, with uncredited contributions by La Cava, based on "1101 Park Avenue", a short novel by Eric Hatch.
 The story concerns a socialite who hires a derelict to be her family's butler, only to fall in love with him.
 The film stars William Powell and Carole Lombard.
 Powell and Lombard had been briefly married years earlier.
Shooting Fish is a 1997 British romantic crime comedy film directed by Stefan Schwartz and co-written with Richard Holmes.
 Starring Dan Futterman and Stuart Townsend as two con men with Kate Beckinsale as their unwilling assistant, the film was produced by Winchester Films and partly funded by National Lottery money administered through the UK Arts Council.
 "Shooting Fish" aimed to transfer well to international markets that were keen on British films following the success of "Four Weddings and a Funeral".
A living funeral, also called a pre-funeral, is a funeral held for a living person.
 One of the more famous living funerals was that for Morrie Schwartz which was documented in both the book and film "Tuesdays with Morrie" and feature "Detroit Free Press" sports columnist Mitch Albom as one of the central characters.
 Another famous living funerals in, Blood Cuz.
 It may be important to the person's psychological state and also that of the dying person's family to attend the living funeral.
 It is also sometimes used as a time to read the will and explain the reasons behind some of the decisions contained within it.
A Night at the Opera is a 1935 American comedy film starring the Marx Brothers, and featuring Kitty Carlisle, Allan Jones, Margaret Dumont, Sig Ruman, and Walter Woolf King.
 It was the first film the Marx Brothers made for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer after their departure from Paramount Pictures, and the first after Zeppo left the act.
 The film was adapted by George S. Kaufman, Morrie Ryskind, and Al Boasberg (uncredited) from a story by James Kevin McGuinness.
 It was directed by Sam Wood.
Morris "Morrie" S. Schwartz (December 20, 1916 – November 4, 1995) was a sociology professor at Brandeis University and an author.
 He was the subject of the best-selling book "Tuesdays with Morrie", which was written by Mitch Albom, a sportswriter who was a former student of his, and published in 1997.
 The book was followed by a film version based on the book that was made for television.
Claudia is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Edmund Goulding and written by Morrie Ryskind.
 The film stars Dorothy McGuire, Robert Young, Ina Claire, Reginald Gardiner, Olga Baclanova and Jean Howard.
 The film was released on November 4, 1943, by 20th Century Fox.
 The film was based on a Broadway play from 1941.
Bad Influence is a 1990 American thriller film directed by Curtis Hanson starring Rob Lowe and James Spader.
 In this noirish film, Spader plays a yuppie who meets a mysterious stranger (Lowe) who encourages him to explore his dark side.
 "Bad Influence" was the first original screenplay for which David Koepp received a sole screenplay credit.
 The film's villain is loosely based on a real person, a nomadic surfer who befriended executive producer Morrie Eisenman.
