American actor Dustin Hoffman began his career by appearing in an episode of "Naked City" in 1961.
 His first theatrical performance was 1961's "A Cook for Mr. General" as Ridzinski.
 Following several guest appearances on television, he starred in the 1966 play "Eh?
"; his performance garnered him both a Theatre World Award and Drama Desk Award.
 Hoffman made his film debut in 1967 when he appeared in the comedy "The Tiger Makes Out".
 In the same year, his breakthrough role as Benjamin "Ben" Braddock, the title character in Mike Nichols' comedy-drama "The Graduate", led to Hoffman achieving star status and his first Academy Award nomination.
 He then acted in the play "Jimmy Shine" as the eponymous character and the comedy film "Madigan's Millions" (both 1968).
 In 1969, he starred alongside Jon Voight in the Academy Award for Best Picture winner "Midnight Cowboy", which Hoffman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor a second time.
Angelina Jolie is an American actress and filmmaker.
 As a child, she made her screen debut in the 1982 comedy film "Lookin' to Get Out", acting alongside her father Jon Voight.
 Eleven years later she appeared in her next feature, the low-budget film "Cyborg 2", a commercial failure.
 She then starred as a teenage hacker in the 1995 science fiction thriller "Hackers", which went on to be a cult film despite performing poorly at the box-office.
 Jolie's career prospects improved with a supporting role in the made-for-television film "George Wallace" (1997), for which she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Television Film.
 She made her breakthrough the following year in HBO's television film "Gia" (1998).
 For her performance in the title role of fashion model Gia Carangi, she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Film.
Lookin’ to Get Out is a 1982 comedy film directed by Hal Ashby and written by Al Schwartz and Jon Voight, who also stars.
 Voight's daughter, Angelina Jolie, then seven years old, makes her acting debut by briefly appearing as Voight's character's daughter near the end of the movie.
 The film also stars Ann-Margret and Burt Young.
American Wrestler: The Wizard is a 2016 sports biographical film set in the world of competitive high school wrestling, and starring William Fichtner, Jon Voight, Ali Afshar, Gabriel Basso, Kevin G. Schmidt, Lia Marie Johnson and George Kosturos.
 In 1980, 17-year-old Ali Jahani escapes Iran after the Iran hostage crisis and must adjust to life in a small California town only to face more hostility in America due to the hostage crisis.
 Wanting to fit in, Ali joins the school's wrestling team and becomes the squad's star member.
 Ali faces a mountain of adversity everywhere he turns, but through determination and with a chance to change how others see him, Ali must step up and learn to be a hero against all odds.
James Haven (born James Haven Voight; May 11, 1973) is an American actor and producer.
 He is the son of actors Jon Voight and Marcheline Bertrand, and the older brother of actress Angelina Jolie.
Fearless Frank is a 1967 film directed by Philip Kaufman.
 It is notable as the film debut of Jon Voight.
 Voight plays a murdered drifter who gets reanimated and turned into a superhero by a scientist (Severn Darden).
 Other notable cast members include "The Man With the Golden Arm" author Nelson Algren as a mobster named Needles, and "Word Jazz" vocal artist Ken Nordine as the narrator, credited as "The Stranger."
Barry Voight (born 1937) is an American geologist, volcanologist, author, and engineer.
 He is also the brother of actor Jon Voight and songwriter Chip Taylor, and the uncle of actress Angelina Jolie.
 After completing a five-year intensive dual-degree program at the University of Notre Dame, Voight became a teaching assistant there while pursuing his master's degree.
 He then studied at Cornell University for a year before transferring to Columbia University, where he earned his Ph.D. in geology in 1965.
 Voight worked as a professor of geology at several universities, including Pennsylvania State University, where he taught from 1964 until his retirement in 2005; he remains an emeritus professor there.
 He still conducts research, focusing on rock mechanics, plate tectonics, disaster prevention, and geotechnical engineering.
Coming Home is a 1978 American drama film directed by Hal Ashby, and starring Jane Fonda, Jon Voight and Bruce Dern.
 The screenplay by Waldo Salt and Robert C. Jones was from a story by Nancy Dowd.
 The film follows between a young woman, her Marine husband, and the paralyzed Vietnam War veteran she meets while her husband is overseas.
 Fonda and Voight won Academy Awards for their performances, while Dern was nominated for an Academy Award.
Midnight Cowboy is a 1969 American drama film based on the 1965 novel of the same name by James Leo Herlihy.
 The film was written by Waldo Salt, directed by John Schlesinger, and stars Jon Voight alongside Dustin Hoffman.
 Notable smaller roles are filled by Sylvia Miles, John McGiver, Brenda Vaccaro, Bob Balaban, Jennifer Salt and Barnard Hughes.
Angelina Jolie Pitt ( ; née Voight; born June 4, 1975) is an American actress, filmmaker, and humanitarian.
 She has received an Academy Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards, and has been cited as Hollywood's highest-paid actress.
 Jolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father, Jon Voight, in "Lookin' to Get Out" (1982).
 Her film career began in earnest a decade later with the low-budget production "Cyborg 2" (1993), followed by her first leading role in a major film, "Hackers" (1995).
 She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical cable films "George Wallace" (1997) and "Gia" (1998), and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama "Girl, Interrupted" (1999).
