Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese is a Grade II listed public house at 145 Fleet Street, on Wine Office Court, City of London.
Ye Olde Fighting Cocks is a public house in St Albans, Hertfordshire, England.
 It is one of several pubs that lay claim to being the oldest in England.
 The building is described by Historic England as being of sixteenth century appearance, but as the earliest date for which it can be proved to have been licensed is 1756 - and even that date is not certain - its claim to this record is somewhat uncertain.
 Others such as the Ye Olde Man & Scythe in Bolton, Greater Manchester and Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem in Nottingham may have better claims.
 Even in St Albans, the White Hart and the Fleur de Lys (currently called 'The Snug') have claims to have been trading as inns in the late medieval period.
The Bell Inn is an ancient pub in Nottingham, England.
 Dating from around 1437, it claims, along with Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem and Ye Olde Salutation Inn, to be the oldest pub in the city.
 In 1982 the pub became a Grade II listed building.
The Olde Bell inn, also known as Ye Olde Bell, is a Grade II listed historical inn in Rye, East Sussex.
 It was built in 1390.
 It has a turbulent history and was once used for smuggling, connected by a secret tunnel to the nearby The Mermaid Inn to the south.
 It was used by the Hawkhurst Gang in the 1730s and 1740s who moved goods along the tunnel from the Mermaid to a revolving cupboard in the Old Bell for a quick getaway.
 The inn has two separate bar areas with original oak beams and a terrace with an 80-year-old Wysteria tree.
Ye Olde Salutation Inn is a public house dating from around 1240 that lays claim (along with Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem Inn and The Bell Inn) to being the oldest in Nottingham.
Ye Olde Tavern is a restaurant in Manchester Center, Vermont, USA, that is listed on the Vermont Register of Historic Places.
 It was built by Aaron Sheldon from Dorset, Vermont, in 1790, making it the oldest inn in the state of Vermont.
 It was also one of the first buildings in Manchester to house telephone lines, and was once "the headquarters for the movement to license the sale of 'spirituous beverages'."
 It began as a tavern in 1790 called The Stagecoach Inn, before becoming Lockwood's Hotel circa 1850.
 In 1860, the building was renamed Thayer's Hotel by the new owner, Steven Thayer.
 It became the Fairview Hotel in 1902 and, in 1934, it was a hotel and antique shop run by the new owner Walter Clemons.
 In 1975, it was renamed Ye Olde Tavern by Peter and Susan Palmer, who renovated the place in time for the 1976 United States Bicentennial.
 The restaurant still has traces from its past.
Ye Olde Edgar is at 86 and 88 Lower Bridge Street, on the corner of Shipgate Street, Chester, Cheshire.
 England.
 It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The Rhymers' Club was a group of London-based male poets, founded in 1890 by W. B. Yeats and Ernest Rhys.
 Originally not much more than a dining club, it produced anthologies of poetry in 1892 and 1894.
 They met at the London pub ‘Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese’ in Fleet Street and in the 'Domino Room' of the "Café Royal".
"Ye olde" is a pseudo-Early Modern English stock prefix, used anachronistically, suggestive of a Merry England, Deep England or "old, as in Medieval old" feel.
 A typical example would be "Ye Olde English Pubbe" or similar names of theme pubs.
Ye Olde Man & Scythe is a public house on Churchgate in Bolton, England.
 The earliest recorded mention of its name is in a charter from 1251, making it one of the ten oldest public houses in Britain and the oldest in Bolton.
 The present form of the name, prefixed with "Ye Olde", is a pseudoarchaism derived from the Man and Scythe Inn; it derives from the crest of the Pilkington family, which consists of a reaper using a scythe, alluding to a tradition about one of the early members of the family.
