Chien-Shiung Wu College is a college named after lady Chien-Shiung Wu, an alumna of previous National Central University.
 The college is a part of Southeast University(SEU), Nanjing.
The Wu experiment was a nuclear physics experiment conducted in 1956 by the Chinese American physicist Chien-Shiung Wu in collaboration with the Low Temperature Group of the US National Bureau of Standards.
 The experiment's purpose was to establish whether or not conservation of parity ("P"-conservation), which was previously established in the electromagnetic and strong interactions, also applied to weak interactions.
 If "P"-conservation were true, a mirrored version of the world (where left is right and right is left) would behave as the mirror image of the current world.
 If "P"-conservation were violated, then it would be possible to distinguish between a mirrored version of the world and the mirror image of the current world.
Allan Blaer (born 1942) is a physicist, Professor Emeritus and Special Lecturer at Columbia University in New York City.
 He received his undergraduate degree from Columbia University in 1964, where he was the valedictorian.
 He later went on to obtain his PhD in physics at the same institution.
 He has done research in both theoretical and experimental physics.
 In quantum field theory, he worked on phase transitions in low-temperature bosonic and fermionic systems, quantum field theory anomalies, dyons and magnetic monopoles in non-abelian gauge theories, and renormalization theory.
 In experimental physics, he has worked on a precision measurement of vacuum polarization in muonic atoms to test quantum electrodynamics.
Cui Youfu (崔祐甫) (721 – July 7, 780), courtesy name Yisun (貽孫), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor briefly early during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
 He was credited for governing in an effective manner and guiding Emperor Dezong to correct decisions that, for some time, evoked comparisons between Emperor Dezong and his well-regarded ancestors Emperor Taizong and Emperor Xuanzong.
Chien-Shiung Wu (; May 31, 1912 – February 16, 1997) was a Chinese-American experimental physicist who made significant contributions in the field of nuclear physics.
 Wu worked on the Manhattan Project, where she helped develop the process for separating uranium metal into uranium-235 and uranium-238 isotopes by gaseous diffusion.
 She is best known for conducting the Wu experiment, which contradicted the hypothetical law of conservation of parity.
 This discovery resulted in her colleagues Tsung-Dao Lee and Chen-Ning Yang winning the 1957 Nobel Prize in physics, and also earned Wu the inaugural Wolf Prize in Physics a mere two decades later in 1978.
 Her expertise in experimental physics evoked comparisons to Marie Curie.
 Her nicknames include "the First Lady of Physics", "the Chinese Madame Curie", and the "Queen of Nuclear Research".
Vassiriki Abou Diaby (] ; born 11 May 1986), known as Abou Diaby, is a French professional footballer who is currently a free agent.
 He plays primarily in a box to box role, as he is adept in both attacking and defending, and is described as a player who is "languid, elusive, and athletic" that can either "dribble past opponents or slip passes to team-mates".
 Of Ivorian descent, Diaby also possesses "superb touch" and "excellent close control".
 Diaby's career has been hampered by numerous repetitive injuries, a problem that has existed since his time in France.
 His physical appearance and positional preference have evoked comparisons to Arsenal legend and compatriot Patrick Vieira.
In natural language processing, open information extraction (OIE) is the task of generating a structured, machine-readable representation of the information in text, usually in the form of triples or n-ary propositions.
 A proposition can be understood as truth-bearer, a textual expression of a potential fact (e.g., "Dante wrote the Divine Comedy"), represented in an amenable structure for computers [e.g., ("Dante", "wrote", "Divine Comedy")].
 An OIE extraction normally consists of a relation and a set of arguments.
 For instance, ("Dante", "passed away in" "Ravenna") is a proposition formed by the relation "passed away in" and the arguments "Dante" and "Ravenna".
 The first argument is usually referred as the subject while the second is considered to be the object.
Caleb Stine is an American singer/songwriter from Baltimore, Maryland.
 He plays both solo and with Americana-rockers The Brakemen.
 His timeless style and intensely personal lyrics has evoked comparisons to Townes Van Zandt, Kris Kristofferson, and Harvest-era Neil Young.
2752 Wu Chien-Shiung (1965 SP) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on 20 September 1965 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.
 It was named for noted Chinese-American nuclear physicist Chien-Shiung Wu and was the first asteroid to be named after a living scientist.
"Juma Mossi" (born 7 July 1973), known professionally as Juma Mossi, is a retired Burundian footballer who served as captain of the Burundian national team.
 Having been given the nickname "Mossi" in recognition of his superior ability that evoked comparisons to Brazilian footballer Pelé,he is considered by many Burundian football experts to be the greatest Burundian footballer of all time.
 He found fame in Gabon's Ligue 1 with FC 105 de Libreville and Overseas.
