Dread Broadcasting Corporation (DBC) was a west London pirate radio station established in 1981.
The Dread Pirate Roberts is a fictional character in the novel "The Princess Bride" (1973) and its 1987 film adaptation.
The Dread Crew of Oddwood is an acoustic pirate band from San Diego, California.
 Their music, referred to by the band as "Heavy Mahogany", is characterized by a pirate theme and heavy use of acoustic instruments.
Pirate decryption most often refers to the decryption, or decoding, of pay TV or pay radio signals without permission from the original broadcaster.
 The term "pirate" in this case is used in the sense of copyright infringement and has little or nothing to do with sea piracy, nor with pirate radio, which involved the operation of a small broadcast radio station without lawfully obtaining a license to transmit.
 The MPAA and other groups which lobby in favour of intellectual property (specifically copyright and trademark) regulations have labelled such decryption as "signal theft" even though there is no direct tangible loss on the part of the original broadcaster, arguing that losing out on a potential chance to profit from a consumer's subscription fees counts as a loss of actual profit.
Christopher "Chris" Tarbell is a former FBI special agent who infiltrated both Anonymous and the Silk Road.
 He was involved in the tracking and arrest of both Sabu (of Anonymous) and Dread Pirate Roberts of Silk Road (Ross Ulbricht).
 He turned Sabu into an informant against the hacker group Lulzsec.
 He later led the team that led to the arrest of Ross Ulbricht in the Glen Park Public Library.
Pirate radio in Ireland has had a long history, with hundreds of radio stations having operated from within the country.
 Due to past lax enforcement of the rules, the lack of commercial radio until 1989, and the small physical size of the country, pirate radio has proliferated up to recent years.
 They were tolerated to a point by the government which only occasionally raided them in an effort to show compliance with Irish law, although the national broadcaster, RTÉ, took a harsher approach, including radio jamming.
 Mayo man Jack Sean McNeela in 1940 died on Hunger strike in Arbour Hill Military Detention Barracks after 55 days protesting his arrest for operating a pro IRA pirate radio station.
Christopher Moore was a co-founder of the offshore pirate radio ship Radio Caroline, and the first voice to be heard on the air from that station.
 His opening words were "This is Radio Caroline on 199, your all-day music station".
 The first song played was by The Rolling Stones.
 At its peak in 1967, the station had 23 million listeners, and it revolutionized radio broadcasting in the UK.
 In 1991 Moore was interviewed extensively in the BBC TV show A Pirate's Tale, where he described his key role in detail.
 Moore is a member of the Pirate Radio Hall of Fame.
 Moore, who had variously been a club DJ, merchant naval steward, and photographer had become involved in Radio Caroline when he met the station's founder Ronan O'Rahilly.
 Moore's Chelsea flat mate Ian Ross (later a novelist) introduced O'Rahilly to his father New Zealand born Charles Ross, who in turn helped O'Rahilly raise the £250,000 needed to start what became Britain's first pirate radio station in April 1964.
 <> http://www.flashesandflames.com/2014/03/how-a-radio-ship-and-7-men-shook-up-britain-50-years-ago/</.>
 Although Chris Moore was the first voice to be heard on Radio Caroline, the first programme was hosted by Simon Dee who subsequently became a TV chat show host of Dee Time on the BBC.
Suds Merrick (died 1884) was a New York river pirate and member of the Hook Gang during the 1870s.
 Merrick, along with Tommy Shay, James Coffee, and Terry Le Strange, operated in the New York waterfront and involved in burglary and pickpocketing as well as raiding the nearby vessels anchored in the Hudson River.
 Merrick would co-lead the gang with Le Strange during the early 1870s until the arrest of Sam McCracken, Tommy Bonner, and Johnny Gallagher after they had looted the canal boat "Thomas H. Brick" and sent to Auburn State Prison in 1874.
 Following this incident, Merrick turned control of the Hookers to Bum Mahoney although he would remain with the gang in a limited capacity until his death in 1884.
Bartholomew Roberts (17 May 1682 – 10 February 1722), born John Roberts, was a Welsh pirate who raided ships off the Americas and West Africa between 1719 and 1722.
 He was the most successful pirate of the Golden Age of Piracy as measured by vessels captured, taking over 400 prizes in his career.
 He is also known as Black Bart (Welsh: "Barti Ddu" ), but this name was never used in his lifetime.
 He is sometimes confused with Charles Bolles, called the "Black Bart" of the American West.
Ross William Ulbricht (born March 27, 1984) is a former darknet market operator, best known for being convicted of creating and running the Silk Road website until his arrest.
 He was known under the pseudonym "Dread Pirate Roberts".
