PAJ animation studio is a persian animation film studio based in IRAN.
 The studio produced several short films, television commercials, and one feature film.
 It was founded on 30 October 2007.
 PAJ animation studio produced a mini series called the hidden lives in 2017 .
Norman Studios was an American film studio in Jacksonville, Florida.
 Founded by Richard Edward Norman, the studio produced silent films featuring all-African-American casts from 1920 to 1928.
 The only surviving studio from the period of early filmmaking in Jacksonville, its facilities are now the Norman Studios Silent Film Museum.
"We Ended Right" is the debut single by American singer-songwriter Debby Ryan, featuring rapper Chad Hively and Chase Ryan.
 It premiered on July 1, 2011 and was released as a digital download on July 3, 2011 as the first single of Debby Ryan's career on her own independent label, the Ryan River Studio and not being included on any album.
 Later the song was included on the soundtrack of the movie Radio Rebel.
 "We Ended Right" was written and produced by Debby Ryan, Chad Hively, Chase Ryan and Mark Grilliot.
Hengdian World Studios () is a film studio located in Hengdian, a Chinese town in the city of Dongyang, Jinhua, Zhejiang Province.
 It is the largest film studio in the world.
 The movie studio is operated by the privately owned Hengdian Group founded by Xu Wenrong.
 Sometimes called "Chinawood", Xu turned acres of farmland in central Zhejiang into one of the largest movie studios in Asia.
 Construction began in the mid-1990s and has been ongoing ever since with the possible recent addition of the replica of the Old Summer Palace.
 A film about extras working at the studio, "I Am Somebody", was released in China in 2015.
Radio Patrol is a 1932 American pre-Code crime film directed by Edward L. Cahn and written by Tom Reed and Richard Schayer.
 The film stars Robert Armstrong, Russell Hopton, Lila Lee, June Clyde, Sidney Toler and Andy Devine.
 It was released on June 2, 1932, by Universal Pictures.
Tajikfilm (Tajik: Тоҷикфилм , Russian: Таджикфильм ) is a Tajik (former Soviet) film studio.
 Tajikfilm was founded in 1930 as a newsreel studio, the studio released its first feature film in 1932; its first talky in 1935.
 In 1941 Tajikfilm merged with Soyuzdetfilm, only to reemerge in 1943.
 The studio produced films in both Russian and Tajik.
Gorky Film Studio (Russian: Киностудия имени Горького ) is a film studio in Moscow, Russian Federation.
 By the end of the Soviet Union, Gorky Film Studio had produced more than 1,000 films.
 Many film classics were filmed at the Gorky Film Studio throughout its history and some of these were granted international awards at various film festivals.
Radio Patrol is a 1937 Universal movie serial based on the comic strip "Radio Patrol".
The Green Hornet Strikes Again!
 (1941) is a Universal movie serial based on The Green Hornet radio series by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker.
 It is a sequel to the 1940 serial "The Green Hornet".
 This was Universal's 117th serial (the 49th with sound) of the 137 the studio produced.
 The plot involves racketeering and is unusual for a film serial in having mostly stand alone episodes instead of a continuous story (although this was also the case for the original "Green Hornet" serial).
Modern Theaters Ltd was an Indian film studio in Salem, Tamil Nadu started by T. R. Sundaram in 1935.
 The studio produced over more than 150 films until 1982 in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam, Hindi, Sinhalese and even English of which Tamil were the majority.
