Rashid Khan Arman (Pashto: ‎ ; born 20 September 1998), commonly known as Rashid Khan, is an Afghan cricketer who represents the national team.
 Rashid played in the 2017 Indian Premier League for Sunrisers Hyderabad.
 In June 2017, he took the best bowling figures for an associate nation in a One Day International (ODI) match.
In some anglophone countries, the degree Master of Research is an advanced postgraduate research degree in a specific academic discipline.
 At some universities, the conferred degree is called the Master of Arts by Research or Master of Science by Research in a specific academic discipline of Science or Social Sciences.
 The Master of Research degree is usually abbreviated as MRes whereas the Master of Arts by Research is often abbreviated as MARes or MA(Res), while the Master of Science by Research is sometimes abbreviated as MSc(Res) or MScRes.
Buddhist ethics as an academic discipline is relatively new, blossoming in the mid-1990s.
 Much like Critical Buddhism and Buddhist modernism, it is a result of recent exchanges of Eastern and Western thought.
 While generally thought of as a sub-field of Buddhist studies, the discipline of Buddhist ethics draws together history, philosophy, religious studies, anthropology, and more in an attempt to understand what may be the fundamental question of Buddhism: how ought man live?
Rashid Khan Zavid oglu Gaplanov (Azerbaijani: "Rəşid xan Qaplanov Zavid oğlu" , Russian: Рашид хан Завитович Капланов ; 1883–1937), also known as Rashid Khan Kaplanov, was an Azerbaijani statesman of Kumyk ethnicity who served as the Minister of Finance and Minister of Education and Religious Affairs in the fifth and fourth cabinets of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic.
An academic major is the academic discipline to which an undergraduate student formally commits.
 A student who successfully completes all courses required for the major qualifies for an undergraduate degree.
 The word "major" is also sometimes used administratively to refer to the academic discipline pursued by a graduate student or postgraduate student in a master's or doctoral program.
Practical theology is an academic discipline that examines and reflects on religious practices in order to understand the theology that is enacted in those practices and in order to consider how theological theory and theological practices can be more fully aligned, changed, or improved.
 Practical theology has often sought to address a perceived disconnection between theology as an academic discipline or dogmatics on the one hand, and the life and practice of the Church on the other.
Hafiz Rashid Khan (Bengali: হাফিজ রশিদ খান , born June 23, 1961<ref name="ISNI/"> </ref>) is a Bangladeshi postcolonialist poet, author, editor and journalist.
 He wrote more than twenty titles including poetry and criticism.
 He is known for his postcolonialism, anti-military voice and was reputed for working in tribal area at Chittagong Hill Tracts in Bangladesh.
 In his twenty one years old his first book of poems was published in 1982.
Ghulam Rasool Gangi was a direct descendant of Genghis Khan and the son of Pir Bukhsh.
 His family moved from Yarkand and Kashgar to India in 1598, where he lived in the Siakolt district of Langrewali.
 For three generations Abdul Rashid Khan's descendants were rulers of Khotan and Yarkand, but were scattered geographically until 1707.
 Quresh Sultan, one of Abdul Rashid Khan's sons, and other Chugtai royal family members were relocated to India during the time of Emperor Akbar.
The debate over whether the ancient Chinese masters can be counted as philosophy has been discussed since the introduction of this academic discipline into China about a hundred years ago.
 Cultural immersion in the West by figures such as Hu Shi and Feng Youlan led to an increased interest in a Chinese philosophy and stimulated the creation of this field which had not yet been labeled nor discussed as such until this point.
 Feng Youlan made sure to make the distinction between "Zhongguo de zhexue" [any philosophical activity pursued in China] and "Zhongguo di zhexue" [indigenous philosophy from Chinese soil].
 The debates over the legitimacy of Chinese philosophy primarily concern the indigenous philosophy of China.
 They range in their central focus: whether the discipline of “philosophy” existed in traditional Chinese thought; whether the subjects and issues involved in the discipline existed in Chinese thought; and whether the now established discipline of Chinese philosophy can be truly be considered Chinese.
 These contentions have led to larger questions about the nature of philosophy and its discipline.
A geographic information system (GIS) is a system designed to capture, store, manipulate, analyze, manage, and present spatial or geographic data.
 The acronym GIS is sometimes used for geographic information science (GIScience) to refer to the academic discipline that studies geographic information systems and is a large domain within the broader academic discipline of geoinformatics.
 What goes beyond a GIS is a spatial data infrastructure, a concept that has no such restrictive boundaries.
