ATA Bus is a private, not-for-profit bus system in Riley County, Kansas, United States that provides fixed-route, paratransit, and safe ride services.
 It is funded by county, state, and federal tax dollars.
 ATA Bus began fixed-route bus service in April 2012 for the rapidly expanding Manhattan, KS urban area.
 ATA originally stood for Aging Transportation Agency but now stands for Area Transportation Agency.
Chã das Caldeiras (“Plain or Plateau of the Calderas”) is a small community of approximately 1,000 inhabitants within the crater of the volcanic "Pico do Fogo" on the island of Fogo, one of nine inhabited islands comprising Cape Verde and a volcanic plateau being the largest in Cape Verde, it is at the foot of the rim mountain of Bordeira.
 The village consists of two parts: "Portela" is the upper part with the Tourist Information, a school, Catholic Church, Adventist Church and the Cooperative.
 At an elevation of about 1,700 meters, it is the highest village in Cape Verde, higher than other settlements especially in Santo Antão, it is also considered being the highest place in the whole of West Africa including its mainland as its elevation stands higher than much of the areas in the entire West Africa with the mainland.
 The lower part is "Bangaeira".
 Though technically in the "Conselho de Santa Catarina" with the northern part was mapped and thought to be in "Conselho do Mosteiros", it simply belongs to Santa Catarina do Fogo with its boundary marked at Fogo, the village is functionally independent from outside governance due its isolated location.
 The municipal boundary runs in the eastern part roughly east.
 The main organizing body in the village is the "Associação dos Agricultores de Chã" (the agricultural cooperative), which holds considerable sway over the local economy.
 Chã is the only area in Cape Verde that grows significant quantities of grapes and produces export-quality wines.
Bolor-Tagh is an old name for the longitudinal range in eastern Pamir Mountains (ancient Mount Imeon) extending from Kunlun Mountains in the south to the east extremity of the Trans-Alay Range in the north.
 Highest peaks Kongur Tagh (7649 m) and Muztagh Ata.
 Bolor-Tagh lies entirely in the Xinjiang province of western China.
 Marco Polo visited the area in 1271 during his travel to China, describing it under the name of ‘Bolor’.
Mount Rutford is a sharp peak that rises to 4477 m and marks the highest point on Craddock Massif in the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains.
 The peak stands just north of Bugueño Pinnacle and 2.1 mi north of Mount Craddock, with which this naming is associated.
 Prior to 2006 the peak had no name, but was visually identified by Camilo Rada and Damien Gildea as being higher than Mt Craddock, during their time on the summits of both Vinson (2004) and Craddock (2005).
 Thus they returned in 2006 and, as part of a larger GPS program, measured the height of this unnamed peak.
Tūkeri Peak ( ) is a peak rising to 1400 m at the head of Ringer Valley, Victoria Land.
 The peak stands midway between Mount Majerus and Spain Peak on the principal ridge of Saint Johns Range.
 “Tūkeri” is a Māori wind word, meaning force of wind, and was applied descriptively to this peak by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 2005.
Tomas Kenneth Olsson (March 18, 1976 – May 16, 2006) was a Swedish adventurer and extreme skier.
 He was born in Kristinehamn but grew up in Borås.
 He took an engineering degree at Linköping University in 2001, after which he moved to Chamonix in France to focus on skiing.
 He specialized in skiing down some of the world's highest and steepest mountains.
 He has gone from the top of Aconcagua in Argentina (6960 m), Lenin Peak in Kyrgyzstan (7134 m), Muztagh Ata (7546 m) and Kuksay Peak (7134 m) in China and Cho Oyu in Tibet (8201 m).
Muztagh Ata, or Muztagata (Uyghur: مۇز تاغ ئاتا, Музтаң Ата, literally "ice-mountain-father"; ), is the second highest (7509 metres) of the mountains which form the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau (not the second highest of the mountains of the Tibetan Plateau).
 It is sometimes regarded as being part of the Kunlun Shan, although physically it is more closely connected to the Pamirs.
 It is also one of the relatively easier 7,000 m peaks in the world to climb, due to its gentle western slope and the comparatively drier weather of Xinjiang, though a thorough acclimatization period and a very strong physical condition are crucial for success.
Ngadi Chuli (also known as Peak 29, Dakura, Dakum, or Dunapurna) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal (or Manaslu Himal), also known as the Gurkha Massif, in Nepal.
 It is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south.
Lenin Peak (Kyrgyz: Ленин Чокусу , "Lenin Çoqusu", لەنىن چوقۇسۇ; Russian: Пик Ленина , "Pik Lenina"; Tajik: қуллаи Ленин, "qulla‘i Lenin/qullaji Lenin" , renamed қуллаи Абӯалӣ ибни Сино (qulla‘i Abûalî ibni Sino) in July 2006), or Ibn Sina (Avicenna) Peak, rises to 7,134 metres (23,406 ft) in Gorno-Badakhshan (GBAO) on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, and is the second-highest point of both countries.
 It is considered one of the easiest 7000 m peaks in the world to climb and it has by far the most ascents of any 7000 m or higher peak on Earth, with every year seeing hundreds of climbers make their way to the summit.
 Lenin Peak is the highest mountain in the Trans-Alay Range of Central Asia, and in the Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan it is exceeded only by Ismoil Somoni Peak (7,495 m).
 It was thought to be the highest point in the Pamirs in Tajikistan until 1933, when Ismoil Somoni Peak (known as "Stalin Peak" at the time) was climbed and found to be more than 300 metres higher.
 Two mountains in the Pamirs in China, Kongur Tagh (7,649 m) and Muztagh Ata (7,546 m), are higher than the Tajik summits.
Chakragil (or Chagragil, Chakar Aghil, Kingata Tagh [or Kingata Tagh II, see below]) is a major mountain in Xinjiang, China.
 It is located about 100 km southwest of Kashgar, about 60 km due north of Muztagh Ata, and 37 km northwest of Kongur Tagh.
 It is in the subrange known as the Kingata Shan, generally included in the "Eastern Pamirs" as it (and the neighboring Kongur Shan range) are separated by the major Yarkand River valley from the extreme northwest end of the Kunlun Mountains, near the Pamir Mountains.
 The Gez River flows just south of the mountain.
