Kaagaz Ke Phool ("Kāgaz kē Phūl", Translation : "Paper Flowers") is a 1959 Hindi film produced and directed by Guru Dutt, who also played the lead role in the film.The film is regarded as the first Indian film in CinemaScope and is the last film made in Guru Dutt's direction.
Sanjh Aur Savera is a 1964 Bollywood romantic drama film starring Guru Dutt, Meena Kumari and Mehmood.
 It was produced by Sevantilal Shah and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.
 This marked the final film appearance of Guru Dutt who died later in the year of the film's release.
In Search of Guru Dutt is a 1989 three-part documentary on the life and work of Indian actor, writer, director and producer of Hindi films Guru Dutt to mark his 25th death anniversary.
Chaudhvin Ka Chand is a 1960 Urdu/Hindi feature film directed by Mohammed Sadiq.
 A production of Guru Dutt, the film centers on a love triangle between Guru Dutt, Rehman and Waheeda Rehman, and features music by Ravi.
 Farida Jalal makes a guest appearance in the film, her debut.
 After the disastrous box-office performance of "Kaagaz Ke Phool", this was a highly commercially successful comeback film for Guru Dutt which saved Guru Dutt's production studio from ruins.
Jaal (Hindi: जाल , translation: "Net"/"Trap") is a 1952 Bollywood film starring Dev Anand and Geeta Bali, and directed by Guru Dutt.
 This was Guru Dutt's second movie, after Dev Anand's production "Baazi" Guru Dutt was trying to find his bearings through commercially successful movies.
 After "Baazi", this was the second film in which Dev Anand also came through as an actor with a unique style of his own.
The Guru Dutt team is a group of people Guru Dutt created for some of his finest works.
 The death of Guru Dutt cut short more works.
 What the team created is considered to forever have left its mark on Indian cinema as well as world cinema.
Baaz (Hindi: बाज़, Urdu: باز) is a 1953 Hindi film directed by Guru Dutt.
 This film is Guru Dutt's first starring film, an action film packed with adventure staged mainly on a ship.
Mr. & Mrs. '55 is a 1955 Bollywood film by director Guru Dutt.
 Guru Dutt stars alongside Madhubala, supported by Lalita Pawar, Johnny Walker and Jagdeep in this socially critical romantic comedy set in contemporary Bombay.
 The films music is by O. P. Nayyar and lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
 Vyjayanthimala was offered the film but she refused.
 Later in 2011 she said this was one of the few films she regretted not doing.
Baazi (English: "Gamble", Hindi: बाज़ी, Urdu: بازی) is a 1951 Indian Hindi film directed by Guru Dutt.
 This was the second film of Dev Anand's production house Navketan Films, and as per a commitment given by Dev Anand to Guru Dutt in their days of struggle, the movie was directed by Dutt.
 It was inspired by the 1946 Hollywood movie Gilda.
Guru Dutt Movies Pvt. Ltd. (GDMPL) (Guru Dutt Films Pvt. Ltd.) is an Indian movie production company, started by actor-director Guru Dutt, and now run by his son, 'Arun Dutt', who wrote and directed film "Khule Aam" (1992).
