Antarah ibn Shaddad (Arabic: عنترة بن شداد العبسي‎ ‎ , "ʿAntarah ibn Shaddād al-ʿAbsī";  525–608), also known as ʿAntar, was a pre-Islamic Arab knight and poet, famous for both his poetry and his adventurous life.
 His chief poem forms part of the "Mu'allaqāt", the collection of seven "hanging odes" legendarily said to have been suspended in the Kaaba.
 The account of his life forms the basis of a long and extravagant romance.
Ahimsā ("Ahiṃsā ") in Jainism is a fundamental principle forming the cornerstone of its ethics and doctrine.
 The term "ahimsa" means nonviolence, non-injury or absence of desire to harm any life forms.
 Vegetarianism and other nonviolent practices and rituals of Jains flow from the principle of "ahimsa".
 The Jain concept of "ahimsa" is very different from the concept of nonviolence found in other philosophies.
 Violence is usually associated with causing harm to others.
 But according to the Jain philosophy, violence refers primarily to injuring one's own self – behaviour which inhibits the soul's own ability to attain "moksha" (liberation from the cycle of births and deaths).
 At the same time it also means violence to others because it is this tendency to harm others that ultimately harms one's own soul.
 Furthermore, the Jains extend the concept of "ahimsa" not only to humans but to all animals, plants, micro-organisms and all beings having life or life potential.
 All life is sacred and everyone has a right to live fearlessly to its maximum potential.
 The living beings do not have any fear from those who have taken the vow of "ahimsa".
 According to Jainism, protection of life, also known as "abhayadānam", is the supreme charity that a person can make.
Antje Boetius (born 5 March 1967) is a German marine biologist presently serving as professor of geomicrobiology at the Max Planck Institute for Marine Microbiology, University of Bremen.
 She received the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize, with 2.5 million euros in funding, in March 2009 for her study of sea bed microorganisms that affect the global climate.
 She was the first person to describe anaerobic oxidation of methane, and believes the Earth's earliest life forms may have subsisted on methane in the absence of molecular oxygen (instead reducing oxygen-containing compounds such as nitrate or sulfate).
 She has also suggested such life forms may be able to reduce the rate of climate change in future.
First Life is a 2010 British nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough, also known by the expanded titles David Attenborough's First Life (UK) and First Life with David Attenborough (USA).
 It was first broadcast in the USA as a two-hour special on the Discovery Channel on 24 October 2010.
 In the United Kingdom it was broadcast as a two-part series on BBC Two on 5 November 2010.
 "First Life" sees Attenborough tackle the subject of the origin of life on Earth.
 He investigates the evidence from the earliest fossils, which suggest that complex animals first appeared in the oceans around 540 million years ago, an event known as the Cambrian Explosion.
 Trace fossils of multicellular organisms from an even earlier period, the Ediacaran biota, are also examined.
 Attenborough travels to Canada, Morocco and Australia, using some of the latest fossil discoveries and their nearest equivalents amongst living species to reveal what life may have been like at that time.
 Visual effects and computer animation are used to reconstruct and animate the extinct life forms.
Alice R. Ballard.
 (born June 16, 1945, Florence, South Carolina) is an American ceramicist based in Greenville, South Carolina.
 Much of her work is characterized by the organic earthenware forms of closed containers, pinch pots, platters, pods, teapots, totems, small work, vessels and a series she refers to as her white work.
 Much of her work is finished with terra sigillata.
 Alice considers her art to be “a reflection of [her] relationship with natural forms.
 It is often the metamorphosis of Nature's forms, as they change from season to season, that attracts her to that universal world in which differing life forms share similar qualities."
 Her aesthetic heavily references the mother/child/germination metaphor and also explores the more evocative realm of wonder and awe.
Extraterrestrial life, also called alien life (or, if it is a sentient or relatively complex individual, an "extraterrestrial" or "alien"), is life that does not originate from Earth.
 These hypothetical life forms may range from simple prokaryotes to beings with civilizations far more advanced than humanity.
 The Drake equation speculates about the existence of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe.
 The science of extraterrestrial life in all its forms is known as exobiology.
In evolutionary biology digital ecology is a current of thought that posits the fusion or union of the virtual (digital information) and the real (basic life forms).
 It suggests that all life forms are networks.
 An important writer in this field was Lynn Margulis, with the speculations on her work made by the cultural historian William Irwin Thompson.
A biosignature (sometimes called chemical fossil or molecular fossil) is any substance – such as an element, isotope, molecule, or phenomenon – that provides scientific evidence of past or present life.
 Measurable attributes of life include its complex physical and chemical structures and also its utilization of free energy and the production of biomass and wastes.
 Due to its unique characteristics, a biosignature can be interpreted as having been produced by living organisms; however, it is important that they not be considered definitive because there is no way of knowing in advance which ones are universal to life and which ones are unique to the peculiar circumstances of life on Earth.
 Nonetheless, life forms are known to shed unique chemicals, including DNA, into the environment as evidence of their presence in a particular location.
Chao ( ; Japanese: チャオ ) are fictional life forms in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" video game series published by Sega.
 They are small, childlike creatures that go through a complex life cycle and exist in several visual forms depending on how they are raised.
 Developer Sonic Team incorporated Chao into the games to encourage players to explore levels and support the good–evil dichotomy of "Sonic Adventure 2".
Diet in Hinduism varies with its diverse traditions.
 The ancient and medieval Hindu texts do not explicitly prohibit eating meat, but they do strongly recommend ahimsa—non-violence against all life forms including animals.
 Many Hindus prefer a vegetarian or lacto-vegetarian lifestyle, and methods of food production that are in sync with nature, compassionate, and respectful of other life forms as well as nature.
