William Ronald Dodds Fairbairn ( ) FRSE (11 August 1889 – 31 December 1964) was a Scottish psychiatrist, psychoanalyst and a central figure in the development of the object relations theory of psychoanalysis.
Donald Woods Winnicott ( ; 7 April 1896 25 January 1971) was an English paediatrician and psychoanalyst who was especially influential in the field of object relations theory.
 He was a leading member of the British Independent Group of the British Psychoanalytical Society, President of the British Psychoanalytical Society twice (1956–1959 and 1965–1968), and a close associate of Marion Milner.
 He is best known for his ideas on the true self and false self, and the transitional object.
 He wrote several books, including "Playing and Reality", and over 200 papers.
A love object is an object of love; see Love and Object relations theory.
Polly Young-Eisendrath (born 1947) is a psychologist, feminist, author, teacher, speaker, Jungian analyst, Zen Buddhist, and the founder of Enlightening Conversations: Buddhism and Psychoanalysis Meeting in Person.
 She has been a featured speaker at the Aspen Ideas Festival, TED-X, and is the recipient of the Otto Weininger Award for Lifetime Achievement in Psychoanalysis.
 Polly Young-Eisendrath is the originator of Dialogue Therapy -- designed to help couples and others transform chronic conflict into greater closeness and development.
 In 1983, Polly and her late husband, Ed Epstein, designed Dialogue Therapy as a new form of couples therapy that combined psychoanalysis, Jungian theory, psychodrama, and gender theory.
 Polly published two books on Dialogue Therapy (1984 and 1993), detailing its theory and methods for clinicians and the general public.
 She has now re-visioned and updated Dialogue Therapy to include the unique combination of psychodrama, Object Relations, and Mindfulness.
 In 2018, Shambhala Publications will release "True Love Ways: Relationship as Psycho-Spiritual Development" that offers her vision of personal love as a spiritual path and draws on her experience of 30 years as a Dialogue Therapist and Jungian psychoanalyst.
 Polly maintains a clinical practice of Jungian psychoanalytic psychotherapy and psychoanalysis in Vermont, U.S.A.
Object relations theory in psychoanalytic psychology is the process of developing a psyche in relation to others in the environment during childhood.
 Based on psychodynamic theory, the object relations theory suggests that the way people relate to others and situations in their adult lives is shaped by family experiences during infancy.
 For example, an adult who experienced neglect or abuse in infancy would expect similar behavior from others who remind them of the neglectful or abusive parent from their past.
 These images of people and events turn into "objects" in the unconscious that the "self" carries into adulthood, and they are used by the unconscious to predict people's behavior in their social relationships and interactions.
Otto Friedmann Kernberg (born 10 September 1928) is a psychoanalyst and professor of psychiatry at Weill Cornell Medical College.
 He is most widely known for his psychoanalytic theories on borderline personality organization and narcissistic pathology.
 In addition, his work has been central in integrating postwar ego psychology (which was primarily developed in the United States and the United Kingdom) with Kleinian and other object relations perspectives (which was developed primarily in the United Kingdom and South America).
 His integrative writings were central to the development of modern object relations, a theory of mind that is perhaps the theory most widely accepted among modern psychoanalysts.
Thomas Diez (born 2 February 1970) is a German professor of Political Science and International Relations at the Institute for Political Science, University of Tübingen.
 He was formerly Professor of International Relations Theory in the Department of Political Science and International Studies at the University of Birmingham, where he was Head of Department from 2005-2008.
 Diez earned his PhD at the University of Mannheim.
 He was formerly a Research Fellow at the Copenhagen Peace Research Institute where he worked with Barry Buzan and Ole Waever.
 He studies international relations theory, European integration and conflict transformation and is best known for his contributions to the debate on the European Union's normative power.
 Books he has edited or co-edited include "The EU and the Cyprus Conflict: Modern Conflict, Postmodern Union" (Manchester University Press, 2002), "European Integration Theory" (Oxford University Press, 2004, 2009) and "The European Union and Border Conflicts" (Cambridge University Press, 2008), "Cyprus: A Conflict at the Crossroads" (Manchester University Press, 2009) and "An Introduction to International Relations Theory: Perspectives and Themes" (Pearson, 2010).
Melanie Reizes Klein (30 March 1882 – 22 September 1960) was an Austrian-British psychoanalyst who devised novel therapeutic techniques for children that influenced child psychology and contemporary psychoanalysis.
 She was a leading innovator in object relations theory.
Schema therapy was developed by Jeffrey E. Young for use in treatment of personality disorders and chronic DSM Axis I disorders, such as when patients fail to respond or relapse after having been through other therapies (for example, traditional cognitive behavioral therapy).
 Schema therapy is an integrative psychotherapy combining theory and techniques from previously existing therapies, including cognitive behavioral therapy, psychoanalytic object relations theory, attachment theory, and Gestalt therapy.
Margaret I. Little (21 May 1901 – 27 November 1994) was a British psychoanalyst of the British Middle Group, and an influential figure in the creation of object relations theory, particularly as an early proponent of the utility of countertransference in the analytic process.
