Winter is an Australian mystery-drama-thriller television series which premiered on the Seven Network on 4 February 2015, and concluded on 11 March 2015.
 The series is a spin off of the 2014 telemovie, "The Killing Field".
 It stars Rebecca Gibney and Peter O'Brien reprising their roles from the telemovie.
The Dressmaker is a 2015 Australian revenge comedy-drama film written and directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse, based on the novel of the same name by Rosalie Ham.
 It stars Kate Winslet as a femme fatale in the titular role of the dressmaker, Myrtle "Tilly" Dunnage, who returns to a small Australian town to take care of her ailing, mentally unstable mother.
 The film explores the themes of revenge and creativity and was described by Moorhouse as "Clint Eastwood's "Unforgiven" with a sewing machine."
Small Claims is an Australian television film starring Rebecca Gibney and Claudia Karvan, which first aired on Network Ten in 2004.
 The film was a co-production with subscription television and was also broadcast on the Foxtel, Austar, and Optus Television Subscription Television services.
 The series was written by husband and wife team, Keith Thompson and Kaye Bendle.
Small Claims: The Reunion is an Australian television movie starring Rebecca Gibney and Claudia Karvan, which first aired on Network Ten in 2006.
 The film was a co-production with subscription television and was also broadcast on the Foxtel, Austar, and Optus Television Subscription Television services.
 The series was written by husband and wife team, Keith Thompson and Kaye Bendle.
Small Claims: White Wedding is an Australian television movie starring Rebecca Gibney and Claudia Karvan, which first aired on Network Ten in 2005.
 The film was a co-production with subscription television and was also broadcast on the Foxtel, Austar, and Optus Television Subscription Television services.
 The series was written by husband and wife team, Keith Thompson and Kaye Bendle.
The Killing Field is an Australian mystery-drama-thriller television film on the Seven Network.
 It was created by Sarah Smith and Michaeley O'Brien and directed by Samantha Lang, from a screenplay by Sarah Smith and Michaeley O'Brien.
 It was produced by Bill Hughes and Sarah Smith with Rebecca Gibney co-producing and Julie McGauran executive producing.
 A spin-off series "Winter" screened from February 2015.
Geraldine Hakewill (born 13 July 1987) is an Australian actress, voice actor and producer.
 She graduated from the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts.
 She is known for her roles as Chelsea Babbage in the television series "Wanted" alongside Rebecca Gibney, Beth in "Uninhabited" directed by Bill Bennett, and Ella in Wasted on the Young alongside Adelaide Clemens and Oliver Ackland.
 Geraldine has also appeared in multiple productions for the Sydney Theatre Company, Belvoir St Theatre and Bell Shakespeare Company.
Mental is a 2012 Australian comedy film directed by PJ Hogan and starring Toni Collette, Rebecca Gibney, Anthony LaPaglia and Liev Schreiber.
 It premiered on closing night at the 2012 Melbourne International Film Festival, and was released in cinemas on 4 October 2012.
Profile of a Serial Killer is a 1998 Australian crime television film directed by Steve Jodrell and starring Rebecca Gibney, Shane Feeney-Connor and Hugh Jackman.
 The film was released on DVD on 19 October 2004.
Halifax f.p. is an Australian television crime series produced by Nine Network from 1994 to 2002.
 The series stars Rebecca Gibney as Doctor Jane Halifax, a forensic psychiatrist investigating cases involving the mental state of suspects or victims.
 The series is set in Melbourne.
