The 71st Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best of 1998 in film and took place on March 21, 1999, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST.
 During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as Oscars) in 24 categories.
 The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Louis J. Horvitz.
 Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the third time.
 She first hosted the 66th ceremony held in 1994 and had last hosted the 68th ceremony in 1996.
 Nearly a month earlier in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on February 27, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Anne Heche.
The 66th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored films released in 1993 and took place on March 21, 1994, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST.
 During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as Oscars) in 23 categories.
 The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Jeff Margolis.
 Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the first time.
 Nearly a month earlier in a ceremony held at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California on February 26, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Laura Dern.
The Longford Lyell Award is a lifetime achievement award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA), a non-profit organisation whose aim is "to identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television."
 The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards Luncheon, which hand out accolades for technical achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.
 From 1968 to 2010, the award was presented by the Australian Film Institute (AFI), the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards (known as the AFI Awards).
 When the AFI launched the Academy in 2011, it changed the annual ceremony to the AACTA Awards, with the current award being a continuum of the AFI Raymond Longford Award.
The Byron Kennedy Award is an award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA), a non-profit organisation whose aim is "to identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television."
 The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards Ceremony, which hand out accolades for technical achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films. From 1984-2010, the award was handed out by the Australian Film Institute (AFI), the Academy's parent organisation, at the annual Australian Film Institute Awards (known as the AFI Awards).
 When the AFI launched the Academy in 2011, it changed the annual ceremony to the AACTA Awards, with the current award being a continuum of the AFI Byron Kennedy Award.
The 68th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 1995 in the United States and took place on March 25, 1996, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST.
 During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as Oscars) in 24 categories.
 The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Quincy Jones and directed by Jeff Margolis.
 Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the second time, having previously presided over the 66th ceremony in 1994.
 Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on March 2, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Richard Dreyfuss.
The 74th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), took place on March 24, 2002, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles.
 During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as Oscars) in 24 categories honoring films released in 2001.
 The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Laura Ziskin and directed by Louis J. Horvitz.
 Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the fourth time.
 She first hosted the 66th ceremony held in 1994 and had last hosted the 71st ceremony in 1999.
 Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on March 2, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Charlize Theron.
This is a list of winners of the Academy Award of Merit for Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role, presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry.
 More popularly known as the Academy Award (or the Oscar) for Best Supporting Actor, this award was initially presented at the 9th Academy Awards ceremony for 1936 and was most recently presented at the 88th Academy Awards ceremony for 2015.
 Throughout the past 80 years, accounting for ties and repeat winners, AMPAS has presented a total of 81 Best Supporting Actor awards to 73 different actors.
 This list is current as of the 89th Academy Awards ceremony held on February 26, 2017.
The 14th AVN Awards ceremony, organized by Adult Video News (AVN), took place January 11, 1997 at Riviera Hotel & Casino, Winchester, Nevada, beginning at 7:45 p.m. PST / 10:45 p.m. EST.
 During the show, AVN presented AVN Awards (the industry's equivalent of the Academy Awards) in 41 categories honoring the best pornographic films released released between Oct. 1, 1995 and Sept. 30, 1996.
 The ceremony was produced by Gary Miller and directed by Mark Stone.
 Comedian Bobby Slayton returned as host, with actresses Nici Sterling and Kylie Ireland as co-hosts.
 At a pre-awards event held the previous evening, 60 more AVN Awards, mostly for technical achievements, were given out by hostess Dyanna Lauren and comedy ventriloquist Otto of Otto & George, however, the pre-awards event was neither televised nor distributed on VHS tapes as was the main evening’s ceremony.
This is a list of winners of the Academy Award for Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role, presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry.
 More popularly known as the Academy Award (or the Oscar) for Best Actress, this award was initially presented at the 1st Academy Awards ceremony for 1927–1928 and was most recently presented at the 88th Academy Awards ceremony for 2015.
 Throughout the past 89 years, accounting for ties and repeat winners, AMPAS has presented a total of 90 Best Actress awards to 75 different actresses.
 This list is current as of the 89th Academy Awards ceremony held on February 26, 2017.
This is a list of winners of the Academy Award for Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role, presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the film industry.
 More popularly known as the Academy Award (or the Oscar) for Best Supporting Actress, this award was initially presented at the 9th Academy Awards ceremony for 1936 and was most recently presented at the 88th Academy Awards ceremony for 2015.
 Throughout the past 80 years, accounting for ties and repeat winners, AMPAS has presented a total of 81 Best Supporting Actress awards to 79 different actresses.
 This list is current as of the 89th Academy Awards ceremony held on February 26, 2017.
