Christian Dior SE (] ), commonly known as Dior, is a French luxury goods company controlled and chaired by French businessman Bernard Arnault, who also heads LVMH – the world's largest luxury group.
 Dior itself holds 42.36% shares of and 59.01% voting rights within LVMH.
Mouawad is a privately held Swiss and Emirati luxury goods company that makes fashion accessories, jewelry and retail company that sources diamonds and gemstones, designs, manufacturers, and sells jewelry collections, objects of art, and luxury watches.
 The firm has headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, with a Middle East headquarters at Jumeirah Lakes Towers in Dubai.
 Founded in 1891 in Beirut, Lebanon by David Mouawad, the firm is now led by 4th generation co-guardians Fred Mouawad, Alain Mouawad and Pascal Mouawad.
 The firm's jewelry and watch design and manufacturing divisions are located in Switzerland and Asia Pacific.
Rodeo Drive is a two-mile-long street, primarily in Beverly Hills, California, with its southern segment in the City of Los Angeles.
 Its southern terminus is at Beverwil Drive, and its northern terminus is at its intersection with Sunset Boulevard in Beverly Hills.
 The name is most commonly used metonymically to refer to the three-block stretch of the street north of Wilshire Boulevard and south of Little Santa Monica Boulevard, which is known for its luxury goods stores.
 The larger business district surrounding Rodeo, known as the "Golden Triangle," which extends from Wilshire Boulevard to Santa Monica Boulevard, is both a shopping district and a tourist attraction.
Saint Mary's High School is a private Catholic high school in Manhasset, New York.
 St. Mary's parish is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockville Centre yet the High School serves families of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, the Diocese of Brooklyn and the Diocese of Rockville Centre.
 It is located off Northern Boulevard at 51 Clapham Avenue, Manhasset, near the Miracle Mile.
 St. Mary's Men's Varsity Ice Hockey is the all-time leader in State Championships.
Concord Watch Company is a Swiss luxury goods company that is part of the Movado group that owns Movado, Ebel, ESQ, Coach and Hugo Boss.
 Founded in 1908, Concord was purchased in 1970 by the North American Watch Company, which also distributed the Piaget and Corum lines of watches.
 From the late 1970s to the late 1980s, Concord produced what would become some of the most marketed and respected luxury quartz watches on the market.
 Concord watches became recognized in large cities as status symbols and were noted for their innovation and design.
 Flagship quartz models such as the Concord Centurion and Concord Delirium ranged from $2,000 to $20,000 surpassing the price of base automatic Rolex, Cartier and Omega wristwatches.
 By the 1990s Concord watches fell out of style and grew obsolete amidst the re-branding of the company.
 While the brand still exists today, it never regained its market position nor visibility that it once had.
Tabcorp Park Menangle is a harness racing track in Sydney.
 Their main races are the Miracle Mile Pace, the NSW Derby, the NSW Oaks, the Len Smith Mile and the qualifiers for the Miracle Mile, the Allied Express Sprint and the Canadian Club Sprint.
 It replaced Harold Park as Sydney's premier harness track in 2010.
 Fred Hastings and Anthony Manton are two callers that have called at the track before.
Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A. ] is an Italian luxury goods company, with headquarters in Florence, specializing in shoes, leather goods, and ready-to-wear for men and women.
 It is the parent company of the Ferragamo Group.
 The company licences eyewear and watches.
Luxify is a Hong Kong-based company, providing an online marketplace for new, vintage and pre-owned luxury goods.
 The company manages an online marketplace website in which members buy and sell a variety of luxury goods.
 It was Hong Kong's first online marketplace to buy and sell luxury goods The site has over 15 categories, including real estate, watches, jewelry, luxury cars, yachts, aircraft, luxury handbags, art, collectibles, furniture, antiques and fine wines & spirits.
 As of March 2016, the website had over 22,000 listings from luxury dealers from all over the world, making a US$18.6 billion marketplace.
 Luxify also has offices in Singapore and London and local partners in Shanghai and Jakarta.
The Denver Dry Goods Company, also known as "The Denver", was established in Denver, Colorado in 1879 by Michael.
 J. McNamara and L.H. Flanders as M.J. McNamara & Company and later The McNamara Dry Goods Company.
 The beginnings of the company can be traced back to 1876 when they had both worked as clerks at another dry goods store in Denver.
 In 1877, McNamara left that store and formed a partnership with Edgar H. Drew.
 After two years, Drew left and L. H. Flanders came on as co-owner.
 In 1893, McNamara turned the store's ownership over to Dennis Sheedy and Charles Kountz and in 1894, the company was reorganized under the name, "Denver Dry Goods Company".
 For a while it was claimed to be the largest department store west of Chicago.
 A description on one postcard from 1916 read: "The Largest Store in the Central West, 400 Feet long-Seven Acres Floor Area, 1,200 Employees, A $1,500,000 Stock, 15th to 16th on California Street Denver Colorado".
The Miracle Mile is a prominent shopping district in Manhasset on the North Shore of Long Island in Nassau County, New York.
 The area along Northern Boulevard is well known for its high-end premium open-air shopping center, the Americana Manhasset.
