Ida Amanda "Maxida" Märak (born 17 September 1988) is a Swedish-sami jojk-singer, hiphop musician, actress and activist.
 Märak is a human rights activist with a special interest in the rights of the Sami people.
 She has taken part in protests against the mine building in Kallak.
 In 2014 she recorded the album "Mountain Songs and other Stories" along with the bluegrass band Downhill Bluegrass band.
Live At Bell's is the third release from the winners of the 2006 Telluride Bluegrass Festival Band Competition, Greensky Bluegrass.
 Recorded in the summer of 2007 at their home base of Bell's Brewery, this album is the first
Old and in the Way is the self-titled first album by the bluegrass band Old and in the Way.
 It was recorded 8 October 1973 at the Boarding House in San Francisco by Owsley Stanley and Vickie Babcock utilizing eight microphones (four per channel) mixed live onto a stereo Nagra tape recorder.
 The caricature album cover was illustrated by Greg Irons.
 For many years it was the top selling bluegrass album of all time , until that title was taken by the soundtrack album for O Brother, Where Art Thou.
The Bluegrass Cardinals were a Bluegrass band from Los Angeles, California.
 The group is credited with being the first bluegrass band to record bluegrass gospel in a cappella.
 Founded in 1974, the Bluegrass Cardinals disbanded in 1997 when founding member Don Parmley announced his retirement from music.
Fascination is the fourth studio album released by the progressive bluegrass band, The Greencards.
 It was their first album released on the Sugar Hill Records label.
 Released on April 21, 2009, it draws inspiration from bluegrass, rock, and blues.
 The album was described by member Carol Young as their own kind of sound, resulting from several years touring together.
 The track, "The Crystal Merchant", was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance.
Greensky Bluegrass is a five-piece American bluegrass/rock band founded in Kalamazoo, Michigan in 2000.
 The band has evolved over the years, growing from 3 to 5 members, adding electric effects and touring with a full light show.
 "The whole notion of “traditional bluegrass” strangely remains a sticking point for plenty of the genre's faithful.
 Partly because of their name, every article written about the band addresses the fact that what Greensky does is “not quite” bluegrass.
 These depths have been plumbed.
 In fact, in their own promotional material, GSBG describes their sound as “their own version of bluegrass music, mixing the acoustic stomp of a stringband with the rule-breaking spirit of rock & roll.”
 Greensky Bluegrass is known for their improvisation, multiple set shows, and open audience recording policy (akin to Phish and The Grateful Dead) and have broken through to a multi genre fanbase covering songs from Bruce Springsteen, Aerosmith, John Hartford, Dawes, Phish, The Grateful Dead, Rolling Stones, Prince and more.
Weather and Water is a 2005 studio album by the Austin, Texas progressive bluegrass band The Greencards.
 Their second Dualtone album release of 2005, after their debut 2003 album "Movin' On" was re-released earlier in the year by their label Dualtone Records, "Weather and Water" was released on June 28.
 In a review of "Weather and Water" in "The Washington Post", it was noted that on this album, unlike their debut, the focus was on the music supporting lyrics, rather than the blues virtuosity of "Movin' On".
 In another review, Jim Abbott of the "Tribune News Service" described The Greencards as polished, "earthy, charming roots music with a sophisticated sheen", but noted that some bluegrass purists may miss the vocal idiosyncrasies that can be found on other bluegrass bands such as the Del McCoury Band.
 All three members of the band sing on "Weather and Water", but Young's voice was noted for its "dreamy, haunting quality".
 Their music through the "Weather and Water" album had been called Celtic-influenced and bluegrass-flavored, but noted that the band had a distinctly American sound despite their overseas origins.
"Small Axe" is a song written by Bob Marley and first released in 1973 on the Wailers album "Burnin'".
 It has since been covered by several artists, among others Buju Banton, Andrew Tosh, Greensky Bluegrass, The Aggrovators, U Roy, UB40, Trey Anastasio, and Peps Persson who made a Swedish version called ""Liden såg"" (Small saw).
The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers (1938- 1966) were an early bluegrass band which included such notable "first generation" bluegrass musicians as Ezra Cline, Bobby Osborne, Paul Williams, Melvin Goins, Charlie Cline, Curly Ray Cline, Larry Richardson and for a short time Jimmy Martin.
 The group was started by Ezra Cline and Curly Ray Cline and was originally named "Cousin Ezra and the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers".
 The Clines came from a large family consisting of musically talented people.
 Ray and Charlie's father, Charlie, was a talented banjo player and the women in the family, Geraldine and Bobbi, were great singers.
 For reasons unknown, Bobbi and Geraldine never joined the band on the road but often joined in at home, especially when notable Country singers, such as Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, and Hank Williams, came visiting.
 None of them ever had a music lesson yet excelled on every instrument they touched.
 Natives of the Gilbert Creek region of southern West Virginia, Cousin Ezra, along with brothers Ireland (Lazy Ned) and Curly Ray Cline, were part of the original Lonesome Pine Fiddlers from about 1938, a group that worked on radio at WHIS Bluefield, West Virginia.
 During World War II, Ned was killed in action.
 When the Pine Fiddlers resumed regular daily broadcasts, Charlie, who played multiple instruments, joined them on a regular basis.
 Charlie returned to the Fiddlers briefly before becoming a member of Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys.
 During 1952-1955, Charlie worked off and on with Monroe, recording some 38 songs, all on Decca.
 It has been said that he played every instrument at one time or another in the Monroe group except mandolin.
 Charlie spent most of 1953 back with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers working at WJR radio in Detroit.
 When Ezra brought the band to Pikeville, Kentucky, in November, Charlie rejoined Bill Monroe.
 In 1954, Charlie did a session, playing lead guitar, with the Stanley Brothers and also another one on RCA with the Fiddlers, although he was not otherwise working with them at the time.
 He also worked briefly as a sideman with the Osborne Brothers, although he did not record with them.
 By 1958, Charlie (electric lead guitar) and his wife, Lee (electric bass), had rejoined Ezra and Curly Ray in the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers, who were experimenting with a more modern sound and working a TV show in Huntington, West Virginia, in addition to daily radio in Pikeville.
 In his later years, Charlie was with the Stanley Brothers.
 Curly Ray also played with the Stanley Brothers at a different time as their fiddler.
 Curly Ray was one of the best fiddlers in Bluegrass.
 This most talented family of musicians were the best, surpassed by none.
 Finally, on October 1, 2009, The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers got their due when they were inducted into the International Bluegrass Hall of Fame at the Ryman Theater (the original home of the Grand Ole Opry).
 Bobby Osborne, Melvin Goins and Paul Williams were there to receive the bands award.
 In the crowd of a sold out theater was the son of Ezra Cline, Scotty Ireland Cline, who recalled being in that same theater as a child sitting on stage and watching the Fiddlers play.
 (At the time, the Opry had bleachers for family just off stage).
 The final act of the evening at the IBMA Awards was the playing of "Pain in my Heart" by Osborne, Goins and Williams along with a Song from the Dillards, who were also inducted the same evening.
Barry and Holly Tashian are an American country, folk and bluegrass duo.
 They are both singer-songwriters and musicians.
 They have performed and recorded together since 1972.
 The Tashians have recorded seven albums since 1989, and they have been awarded the National Association of Independent Record Distributors (NAIRD) award for their album "Straw into Gold" (Country Album of the Year).
 Barry has three CDs out with The Remains.
 They received a Boston Music Award for Best Country album for "Straw Into Gold".
 In 1998 their album, "Harmony" was nominated for Bluegrass Album of the Year by the Nashville Music Awards.
 As songwriters, Barry and Holly have written for Kenny Rogers, Solomon Burke, Ty England, Daniel O'Donnell, The Nashville Bluegrass Band, Roland White, Kate Brislin and Jody Stecher, Niall Toner and many others.
 Barry Tashian first won acclaim as a member of The Remains.
 Barry made his TV debut in 1958 on “American Bandstand”.
 He then later was a member of Emmylou Harris' Hot Band.
 Barry and Holly have recorded with Tom Paxton, Charlie Louvin, Nanci Griffith, Iris DeMent, Suzy Bogguss, and Delia Bell.
