The 1999 Odisha cyclone (IMD designation BOB 03, JTWC designation 05B) was the strongest recorded tropical cyclone in the North Indian Ocean and among the most destructive in the region.
 The 1999 Odisha cyclone organized into a tropical depression in the Andaman Sea on 25 October, though its origins could be traced back to an area of storms in the Sulu Sea four days prior.
 The disturbance gradually strengthened as it took a west-northwesterly path, reaching cyclonic storm strength the next day.
 Taking advantage of highly favorable conditions, the storm rapidly intensified, attaining super cyclonic storm intensity on 28 October before peaking with winds of 260 km/h (160 mph) and a record-low pressure of 912 mbar (hPa; 26.93 inHg).
 The storm maintained this intensity as it made landfall on Odisha on 29 October.
 The cyclone steadily weakened due to persistent land interaction and dry air, remaining quasi-stationary for two days before slowly drifting offshore as a much weaker system; the storm dissipated on 1 November over the Bay of Bengal.
Super Cyclonic Storm Gonu (also simply known as Cyclone Gonu) is the strongest tropical cyclone on record in the Arabian Sea, and is also the strongest named cyclone in the northern Indian Ocean.
 The second named tropical cyclone of the 2007 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Gonu developed from a persistent area of convection in the eastern Arabian Sea on June 1, 2007.
 With a favorable upper-level environment and warm sea surface temperatures, it rapidly intensified to attain peak winds of 235 km/h (145 mph) on June 4, according to the India Meteorological Department.
 Gonu weakened after encountering dry air and cooler waters, and early on June 6, it made landfall on the easternmost tip of Oman, becoming the strongest tropical cyclone to hit the Arabian Peninsula.
 It then turned northward into the Gulf of Oman, and dissipated on June 7 after making landfall in southern Iran, the first landfall in the country since 1898.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Donna was the strongest off-season South Pacific tropical cyclone on record during the month of May.
 The twenty-first tropical disturbance, third named storm, and second severe tropical cyclone of the annual cyclone season, Donna formed from an area of disturbed weather that was first monitored west-northwest of Fiji on 1 May 2017.
 The disturbance drifted eastward amid an increasingly favorable environment, and it was designated Tropical Depression 21F late on 2 May.
 Twelve hours later, it intensified into a Category 1 on the Australian tropical cyclone scale and was designated Tropical Cyclone Donna as the storm's motion shifted west and then south.
 After reaching its initial peak as a Category 4 cyclone early on 6 May, the effects of wind shear and upwelling caused the storm to weaken.
 However, it reintensified into a Category 5 cyclone on 8 May.
 Soon after, Donna entered a region of strong westerly flow and began to rapidly weaken.
 Continuing to accelerate in a southerly direction, Donna eventually weakened into a tropical low on 10 May.
 By 16 May, Donna's remnants had fully dissipated.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Anne was one of the most intense tropical cyclones within the South Pacific basin during the 1980s.
 The cyclone was first noted on January 5, 1988 as a weak tropical depression to the northeast of Tuvalu, in conjunction with the future Typhoon Roy in the North-Western Pacific basin.
 Over the next few days, the system gradually developed while moving southwestward.
 Once it became a tropical cyclone, it was named Anne on January 8.
 The next day, Anne rapidly intensified, becoming the fourth major tropical cyclone to affect Vanuatu within four years.
 On January 11, Anne peaked in intensity while it was equivalent to a Category 5 on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale, and a Category 4 on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale.
 After turning southward on January 12, Anne struck New Caledonia, becoming the strongest tropical cyclone to affect the French Overseas Territory.
 The system subsequently weakened as it started to interact with Tropical Cyclone Agi.
 Anne weakened into a depression and was last noted on January 14 to the south-east of New Caledonia.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Esau became the strongest tropical cyclone to affect New Caledonia on record during February and March 1992.
 A shallow tropical depression developed within the monsoon trough during 24 February, about 370  km (230 mi) to the northeast of Port Vila, Vanuatu.
 Over the next day the system gradually developed further as it moved towards the south-west under the influence of a northerly steering flow, before it passed over Pentecost Island in northern Vanuatu during 25 February.
 After passing over Pentecost the system continued to move towards the southwest and passed near the island of Malampa, before the depression turned northwards and executed a small clockwise loop as it passed over the island of Espiritu Santo.
 The system was subsequently named Esau during 26 February, after it had developed into a tropical cyclone.
 Over the next couple of days the system moved south-westwards towards Australia and away from the islands of Vanuatu.
 Esau subsequently executed a second clockwise loop during 28 February, before it peaked as a Category 4 tropical cyclone on both the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale and the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale.
 After it had peaked the system moved south-eastwards and threatened Southern Vanuatu, before turning southwards and threatening the French overseas territory of New Caledonia.
 Esau made landfall on the French territory during 4 March, as a category 3 severe tropical cyclone before degenerating into an extratropical cyclone during 5 March.
 The systems remnants made landfall on New Zealand's North Island during 8 March, before they were last noted during the next day over the South Pacific Ocean.
Tropical Cyclone Kesiny was the first recorded tropical cyclone – the equivalent of a minimal hurricane – to make landfall in the month of May 2002 in the south-west Indian Ocean.
 The final named storm of the busy 2001–02 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season, Kesiny formed on May 2 from a trough near the equator.
 Its formation was the result of an increase in the Madden–Julian oscillation, which also contributed to a twin storm in the north Indian Ocean that hit Oman, and another set of storms in northeast and southeast Indian Ocean.
 Kesiny initially moved to the southeast, but later turned to the southwest due to a strengthening ridge.
 On May 6, it intensified into a tropical cyclone, but later weakened and was not expected to re-strengthen.
 However, Kesiny developed an eye and re-intensified into a tropical cyclone on May 9, reaching peak winds of 130 km/h before striking Madagascar about 60 km southeast of Antsiranana.
 It weakened while crossing the country, and after turning to the south it struck the country again before dissipating on May 11.
Intense Tropical Cyclone Hondo (JTWC designation: 16S) was the strongest and longest lived tropical cyclone to develop during the 2007–08 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season.
 The third tropical cyclone and first intense tropical cyclone of the season, Hondo developed out of a tropical disturbance in early February about 1,020 km (635 mi) east-southeast of Diego Garcia.
 The disturbance quickly strengthened, becoming a moderate tropical storm on February 4 and a severe tropical storm the following day.
 After a brief period of slower intensification, Hondo rapidly intensified into an intense tropical cyclone and reached its peak intensity with winds of 215 km/h (130 mph ) on February 7.
 The cyclone gradually weakened over the next several days due to an increase in forward speed and a decrease in sea surface temperatures.
 On February 12, Hondo rapidly degenerated into a remnant-low pressure area.
 Over the following week, the remnant low traveled in a general west-northwest direction with no development.
 On February 20, about 2,780 km (1,725 mi) northeast of where the final advisories were issued, the storm began to regenerate.
 The next day, advisories were issued on Tropical Disturbance Ex-Hondo, which briefly strengthened into a tropical depression.
 However, according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, Hondo continued to strengthen and attained winds of 95 km/h (60 mph ) before passing directly over Réunion.
 Interaction with the island caused the storm to weaken and degenerate into a remnant low once more.
 The storm dissipated on February 29 after executing a counterclockwise loop.
The 2002–03 Australian region cyclone season included Cyclone Inigo, which tied Cyclone Gwenda in 1999 as the most intense tropical cyclone on record in the Australian basin.
 It began on 1 November 2002 and ended on 30 April 2003.
 The regional tropical cyclone operational plan also defines a "tropical cyclone year" separately from a "tropical cyclone season", which runs from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
 These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Australian region, which is defined as in the southern hemisphere between 90°E and 180°E.
 The season's ten tropical depressions existed within these dates, with the first, designated as Tropical Cyclone 07S, entering the basin on 27 December 2002.
 The last system, Cyclone Epi, dissipated on 6 June 2003.
 Tropical cyclones in this area were monitored by four Tropical Cyclone Warning Centres (TCWCs): the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) in Perth, Darwin, and Brisbane and one in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.
The 2010–11 South Pacific cyclone season was a slightly below average tropical cyclone season, with seven tropical cyclones and five severe tropical cyclones developing during the season.
 The season ran from November 1, 2010 until April 30, 2011, though if any tropical cyclones had developed between July 1, 2010 and June 30, 2011, the official "tropical cyclone year", they would have been counted towards the season's total.
 Within the South Pacific basin tropical cyclones were officially monitored by the Fiji Meteorological Service's Regional Specialized Meteorological Center in Nadi, Fiji, north of 25°S, and to the south the Meteorological Service of New Zealand's Tropical Cyclone Warning Center in Wellington, New Zealand.
 Any disturbances forming in the region were designated with a sequential number suffixed by the letter F.
 In addition, the United States Military's Joint Typhoon Warning Center unofficially monitored parts of the basin during the season, where any systems judged to have achieved tropical storm strength or greater received a number suffixed with the letter P. RSMC Nadi and TCWC Wellington both use the Australian Tropical Cyclone Intensity Scale, and measure wind speeds over a period of ten minutes, while the JTWC measures sustained winds over a period of one minute which can be applied to the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale.
 Seven named storms formed or moved into the South Pacific basin during the 2010–11 season, the strongest of which was Severe Tropical Cyclone Wilma in late January.
The 2011–12 South Pacific cyclone season was one of the least active South Pacific tropical cyclone seasons on record, with only three tropical cyclones occurring during the season.
 The season ran from November 1, 2011 to April 30, 2012, however, any tropical cyclones that form before June 30, 2012 would have fallen within the 2011–12 tropical cyclone year and would have counted towards the season total.
 The strongest and only severe tropical cyclone that occurred during the season was Severe Tropical Cyclone Jasmine, which tracked in from out of the South Pacific basin.
 Within the basin, tropical cyclones are monitored by the Regional Specialized Meteorological Center (RSMC) in Nadi, Fiji, and the Tropical Cyclone Warning Center (TCWC) in Wellington, New Zealand.
 RSMC Nadi attaches an F designation to tropical disturbances that form in or move into the South Pacific.
 The United States Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issues unofficial warnings within the South Pacific, designating tropical storm-equivalent or greater tropical cyclones with a number and a P suffix.
 RSMC Nadi and TCWC Wellington both use the Australian Tropical Cyclone Intensity Scale, and measure windspeeds over a period of ten minutes, while the JTWC measures sustained winds over a period of one minute and uses the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale.
