Theódoros Papaloukás (Greek: Θεόδωρος Παπαλουκάς; born May 8, 1977), commonly also known as "Theo Papaloukas" or "Thodoris Papaloukas", is a retired Greek professional basketball player.
 He was a four-time All-EuroLeague selection, a member of the EuroLeague 2001–10 All-Decade Team and was named one of the 50 greatest EuroLeague contributors in 2008.
 A revolutionary figure in basketball, as illustrated by his unique ability to come off the bench and alter the course of an encounter, and his uncanny feel for the game, he symbolized the rise of European basketball in the new millennium.
The Apple Tree is a series of three musical playlets with music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, and a book by Bock and Harnick with contributions from Jerome Coopersmith.
 Each act has its own storyline, but all three are tied together by a common theme (someone who believes that they want something, but once they get what they wanted they realize that it wasn't what they wanted) and common references, such as references to the color brown.
 The first act is based on Mark Twain's "The Diary of Adam and Eve"; the second act is based on Frank R. Stockton's "The Lady or the Tiger?
"; the third act is based on Jules Feiffer's "Passionella".
 The working title for the evening of three musicals was "Come Back!
 Go Away!
 I Love You!"
Man and Superman is a four-act drama written by George Bernard Shaw in 1903.
 The series was written in response to calls for Shaw to write a play based on the Don Juan theme.
 "Man and Superman" opened at the Royal Court Theatre in London on 23 May 1905, but it omitted the third act.
 A part of the act, "Don Juan in Hell" (Act 3, Scene 2), was performed when the drama was staged on 4 June 1907 at the Royal Court.
 The play was not performed in its entirety until 1915, when the Travelling Repertory Company played it at the Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh.
Blue Murder by Peter Nichols was written in 1995 as a four-act drama, in response to those who had often questioned why Nichols had never written a play surrounding a murder investigation.
 "Blue Murder" opened at Royal Court Theatre in London on 23 May 1995 without the performance of the third act.
 Despite Nichols' objections, the third act was removed due to budgetary constraints.
 The play was not performed in its entirety until 1998 by the Show of Strength Theatre Company at the Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh.
The Shaggy Dog is a 2006 American family comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and written by Geoff Rodkey, Jack Amiel, Michael Begler, Cormac Wibberley and Marianne Wibberley.
 It is the second remake of the 1959 film of the same name, which was first remade as a television film in 1994.
 Both the 1959 and 1994 features, as well as the 1976 theatrical sequel and the 1987 television sequel, had a character named Wilby Daniels transforming into an Old English Sheepdog, whereas this remake presents a character named Dave Douglas transforming into a Bearded Collie.
 It stars Tim Allen, Robert Downey, Jr., Kristin Davis, Danny Glover, Spencer Breslin, Jane Curtin, Zena Grey and Philip Baker Hall.
The Goce Delčev Stadium (Macedonian: стадион "Гоце Делчев" ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Prilep, Republic of Macedonia.
 The total capacity is 15,000 (7,000 seats with a VIP/Media capacity of 400) and is named after revolutionary figure Goce Delčev.
 It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FK Pobeda and FK 11 Oktomvri.
 The stadium has been used as an alternative home ground of the Philip II Arena for the Macedonian national football team and has hosted the Macedonian Cup final on two occasions.
Andrea Chénier is a verismo opera in four acts by the composer Umberto Giordano, set to an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica.
 It was first performed on 28 March 1896 at La Scala, Milan.
 The opera's story is based loosely on the life of the French poet André Chénier (1762–1794), who was executed during the French Revolution.
 The character Carlo Gérard is partly based on Jean-Lambert Tallien, a leading figure in the Revolution.
Caesar Antichrist (French: César-Antéchrist ) is a short 1895 play by the French writer Alfred Jarry.
 The third act is an early version of Jarry's next play, "Ubu Roi"; the main character of which, Père Ubu, appears here as the Antichrist.
 This play begins with a startling sequence of images of garbled Christianity from which Pere Ubu emerges as the new Messiah.
Aspis (Greek: , translated as "The Shield", is a comedy by Menander (342/41 – 292/91 BC) that is only partially preserved on papyrus.
 Of a total of ca. 870 lines, about 420 lines survive, including almost all of the first and second act and the beginning of the third act.
 It is unknown when and at which festival the play was first performed.
Dramma giocoso (Italian, literally: drama with jokes; plural: "drammi giocosi") is a genre of opera common in the mid-18th century.
 The term is a contraction of "dramma giocoso per musica" and describes the opera's libretto (text).
 The genre developed in the Neapolitan opera tradition, mainly through the work of the playwright Carlo Goldoni in Venice.
 A "dramma giocoso" characteristically used a grand "buffo" (comic or farce) scene as a dramatic climax at the end of an act.
 Goldoni's texts always consisted of two long acts with extended finales, followed by a short third act.
 Composers Baldassare Galuppi, Niccolò Piccinni, and Joseph Haydn set Goldoni's texts to music.
