Richard Drew Harris (January 21, 1948 – July 26, 2011) was an American football defensive end who played seven seasons in the National Football League.
 He was and All-American in 1970 for Grambling and was drafted in the first round (5th overall pick) of the 1971 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles.
 He was named All-Rookie in 1971, playing defensive end.
 Harris spent seven seasons as a defensive end in the NFL, the first three with the Philadelphia Eagles, the next two with the Chicago Bears and the final two with the Seattle Seahawks.
Steven Lee Alvord (born October 2, 1964 in Bellingham, Washington) is a former professional American football defensive tackle and defensive end in the National Football League and World League of American Football.
 In his four-year pro career he played for the St. Louis/Phoenix Cardinals of the NFL, and the Barcelona Dragons of the WLAF.
 Alvord played college football at Washington.
He has a cool daughter, happy birthday Katie.
Paul Edward Smith (August 13, 1945 – March 14, 2000) was a collegiate and professional American football defensive end.
 Smith was selected in the 1968 Common Draft by the American Football League's Denver Broncos and played in the National Football League for the Broncos and Washington Redskins.
Mike Sutton (born April 25, 1975) is a former professional American football defensive end who played in the National Football League, NFL Europe, XFL and Arena Football League.
 Sutton played college football at Louisiana State.
James Lendale Steele, Jr. ( ; born October 4, 1974) is a former professional American football defensive lineman who played his entire six-year National Football League career with the Cincinnati Bengals who drafted him in the 1998 NFL Draft.
 He is also former All-American defensive end for the University of Michigan Wolverines football team and was a member of the undefeated national champion 1997 Michigan Wolverines football team.
Verlon Marion Biggs (March 16, 1943 – June 7, 1994) was an American football defensive end in the American Football League and National Football League.
 He played for the New York Jets (AFL) in Super Bowl III, but felt he didn't receive enough credit for the Jets' playoff win against the Oakland Raiders in the AFL Championship Game that launched them into the Super Bowl.
 He played well but sulked until 1970, demanded more money, and wound up signing with Vince Lombardi's Washington Redskins of the NFL.
 Always a dominating defensive end, Verlon solidified George Allen's defense (Allen replaced Lombardi upon his death in July 1970) and led the Redskins into Super Bowl VII.
 His nickname with the Redskins was "dirty Biggs" because of his extremely physical style of play.
Brent Urban (born May 5, 1991) is a Canadian professional American football defensive end for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).
 He was drafted by the Ravens in the fourth round of the 2014 NFL Draft.
 He played college football at Virginia.
 Urban is the 26th Canadian to ever be drafted to the NFL.
Robert "Bob" Earl Maddox (born May 2, 1949 in Frederick, Maryland) is a former professional American football defensive lineman in the National Football League.
 He played college football at Frostburg State College, where he played defensive tackle and defensive end.
 He then was drafted in the 7th round by the Cincinnati Bengals in the 1973 NFL Draft.
 He went on to play for the Kansas City Chiefs for two years afterwards.
 He was also illegally drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the 15th round of the 1972 NFL Draft.
Nathaniel Borden (September 22, 1932 – September 30, 1992) was a professional American football defensive end in the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL).
 He played college football at Indiana University.
Alec Raymond Gibson (born December 9, 1963 in Columbus, Ohio) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.
 Gibson played in three games for the Washington Redskins in 1987.
 The Washington Redskins went 3-0 during the strike.
 Defeating the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Giants, and Dallas Cowboys.
 Gibson caused Hall of Famer Tony Dorsett to fumble the football twice on Monday Night Football in Dallas the last replacement game played in 1987.
 He played college football at Ventura Junior College where he was an All-American defensive tackle and at the University of Illinois as a defensive end.
 In 1988, he played Arena football for the New York Knights.
 Gibson played 11 of 12 games before injuring his right knee (ACL) which put an end to his career.
