The Light of the World is a 2003 slideshow film by Jack T. Chick depicting events from the Bible through 360 oil paintings by Fred Carter.
Jeff Knurek is an American cartoonist, industrial designer, and toymaker.
 He is the current cartoonist for the syndicated Jumble puzzle, working with David L. Hoyt.
Fred Carter (born June 22, 1938) is an American artist known for his work for Jack Chick's tracts since 1972.
The Chain is the sixth studio album of American country singer/songwriter Deana Carter, first released in 2007.
 Since, the album has peaked at #60 on the US Country chart.
 The first and only single off the album, "On the Road Again," was released in 2007, failing to land on the chart.
 All the tracks on the album consist of cover songs, and many are duets with artists, such as Dolly Parton and George Jones.
 The record was intended as a tribute to her father, Fred Carter Jr., and many of Deana Carter's heroes.
The 1992–93 NBA season was the 76ers 44th season in the National Basketball Association, and 30th season in Philadelphia.
 During the offseason, the Sixers acquired Jeff Hornacek, Andrew Lang and Tim Perry from the Phoenix Suns.
 The Sixers got off to a bad start losing 11 of their first 14 games.
 The team also suffered two defeats that were greater than 50 points (at Kings 154–98 on Jan. 2, and at Sonics 149–93 on Mar. 6).
 As the NBA in the 1990s emphasized more defensive play, head coach Doug Moe tried to implement an up-tempo attack offense similar to his Nuggets teams of the 1980s, which failed miserably.
 With the team holding a 19–37 record in early March, he was fired and replaced with Fred Carter.
John Stanley (March 22, 1914 – November 11, 1993) was an American cartoonist and comic book writer, best known for writing Little Lulu comic book stories from 1945 to 1959.
 While mostly known for scripting, Stanley also drew many of his stories, including the earliest issues of "Little Lulu" and its "Tubby" spinoff series.
 His specialty was humorous stories, both with licensed characters and those of his own creation.
 His writing style has been described as employing "colorful, S. J. Perelman-ish language and a decidedly bizarre, macabre wit (reminiscent of writer Roald Dahl)", with storylines that "were cohesive and tightly constructed, with nary a loose thread in the plot".
 He has been compared to Carl Barks, and cartoonist Fred Hembeck has dubbed him "the most consistently funny cartoonist to work in the comic book medium".
 Captain Marvel co-creator C. C. Beck remarked, "The only comic books I ever read and enjoyed were "Little Lulu" and "Donald Duck"".
Harold Lincoln Gray (January 20, 1894 – May 9, 1968) was an American cartoonist, best known as the creator of the newspaper comic strip "Little Orphan Annie".
 He is considered to be the first American cartoonist to use a comic strip to express a political philosophy.
Fred Carter (born 1945) is an American basketball player and coach.
Bradley Parker (born 1961, Omaha, Nebraska) is an American cartoonist and painter.
 His works have been shown at the Kona Oceanfront Gallery and the La Luz de Jesus Gallery in Los Angeles.
 Prior to his career as a painter, Parker was an illustrator in the film industry and a cartoonist, working for mainstream publishers such as DC, Marvel, and Chaos!
 Comics.
 He is known for his LGBT-themed comics – sometimes published under the pen name Ace Moorcock.
The Fred Carter House is a historic house located on School Avenue, north of 4th Street, in Hardy, Arkansas.
