Tritoniopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae, first described as a genus in 1926.
 The entire genus is endemic to Cape Province in South Africa.
 The genus name refers to the African genus "Tritonia" and is combined with the Greek word "opsis", meaning "look-alike".
The term grex (pl.
 greges or grexes; abbreviation gx), derived from the Latin noun "grex, gregis" meaning 'flock', has been coined to expand botanical nomenclature to describe hybrids of orchids, based solely on their parentage.
 Grex names are one of the three categories of plant names governed by the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants; within a grex the "cultivar group" category can be used to refer to plants by their shared characteristics (rather than by their parentage), and individual orchid plants can be selected (and propagated) and named as cultivars.
Phyteuma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae, native to Europe and Morocco.
Zygotritonia is a genus of herbaceous, perennial and bulbous plants in the Iris family (Iridaceae).
 It contains four species distributed in Tropical Africa.
 The genus name is derived from the word zygomorphic (meaning bilabiate), and the apparent resemblance to some species in the genus "Tritonia".
This is a list of plants organized by their common names. However, the common names of plants often vary from region to region, which is why most plant encyclopedias refer to plants using their scientific names, in other words using binomials or "Latin" names.
The International Plant Names Index (IPNI) describes itself as "a database of the names and associated basic bibliographical details of seed plants, ferns and lycophytes." Coverage of plant names is best at the rank of species and genus.
 It includes basic bibliographical details, associated with the names, and its goals include eliminating the need for repeated reference to primary sources for basic bibliographic information about plant names.
A botanical garden or botanic garden is a garden dedicated to the collection, cultivation and display of a wide range of plants labelled with their botanical names.
 It may contain specialist plant collections such as cacti and other succulent plants, herb gardens, plants from particular parts of the world, and so on; there may be greenhouses, shadehouses, again with special collections such as tropical plants, alpine plants, or other exotic plants. Visitor services at a botanical garden might include tours, educational displays, art exhibitions, book rooms, open-air theatrical and musical performances, and other entertainment.
Thonningia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Balanophoraceae containing the single species Thonningia sanguinea.
 It is distributed throughout much of southern and western Africa, particularly the tropical regions.
 Common names for the plant include ground pineapple.
 A familiar plant to humans, it has an extremely long list of common names in many African languages.
 Many names are inspired by the resemblance of the plant's inflorescence to a pineapple or palm tree.
 Some of the names can be translated as pineapple of the bush (from Anyi), duiker's kolanut (from Igala), and crown of the ground (from Yoruba).
Vascular plants (from Latin "vasculum": duct), also known as tracheophytes (from the equivalent Greek term "trachea") and also higher plants, form a large group of plants (c. 308,312 accepted known species ) that are defined as those land plants that have lignified tissues (the xylem) for conducting water and minerals throughout the plant.
 They also have a specialized non-lignified tissue (the phloem) to conduct products of photosynthesis.
 Vascular plants include the clubmosses, horsetails, ferns, gymnosperms (including conifers) and angiosperms (flowering plants).
 Scientific names for the group include Tracheophyta and Tracheobionta.
Tritonia (flame freesia) is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family first described as a genus in 1802.
 They are naturally distributed across southern Africa, with a high concentration of species in Cape Province of western South Africa.
 The genus is closely related to the genus "Ixia".
