"Adrenalina" (English: "Adrenaline" ) is a song recorded by Puerto Rican rapper-singer Wisin, featuring Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin and American singer Jennifer Lopez.
 It was written by Lopez, Martin, Wisin, José Torres and Carlos E. Ortiz.
 It was released as the second single from Wisin's second studio album "El Regreso del Sobreviviente".
 It received a nomination for the Billboard Latin Music Award for Latin Rhythm Airplay Song of the Year in 2015.
Ricky Martin is the fifth album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin released on Columbia Records on May 11, 1999.
 The album is one of the best selling albums of all time and has sold 15 million copies, worldwide.
 This album is Martin's third which marketed in the United States and is his first album in English.
 "Ricky Martin" includes the singer’s first US number one hit "Livin' la Vida Loca."
Ricky Martin Live is the ninth concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin.
 It supported his compilation album, "".
 The tour started in Newcastle on October 3, 2013 and continued across Australia for three weeks before coming to a close on October 20, 2013 in Melbourne.
"Livin' la Vida Loca" is a number-one hit song by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin.
 It was released on March 23, 1999 from Martin's self-titled debut English album (he had previously released several albums in Spanish).
 The song was composed by Desmond Child and Draco Rosa and topped the charts during 1999.
 "La vida loca" is Spanish for "the crazy life."
Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin has released seventy-nine Spanish and English-language singles.
 In 1984, thirteen-year-old Martin became a member of the Puerto Rican boy band Menudo.
 After recording eleven albums with the group, he left Menudo in 1989, hoping to rest and evaluate his career path.
 In 1990, he was signed to Sony Discos, the Sony Music Entertainment's Latin imprint.
 Martin released his debut solo album, the Spanish-language "Ricky Martin", in November 1991.
 It included hit singles: "Fuego Contra Fuego", "El Amor de Mi Vida" and "Vuelo".
 His second Spanish-language solo album, "Me Amarás" (1993) featured further successful singles: "Me Amarás", "Que Dia Es Hoy" and "Entre el Amor y los Halagos".
The Black and White Tour (Blanco y Negro Tour) was the worldwide concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin, in support of his 2006 album "MTV Unplugged".
 The tour visited the Americas and Europe.
The Música + Alma + Sexo World Tour (also known as the M.A.S. Tour) was the eighth concert tour by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Ricky Martin.
 The tour supported his ninth studio album, "Música + Alma + Sexo" (2011).
 It began with a series of concerts in Puerto Rico and North America, with international dates later in the year.
 The tour was his first in four years, the previous being the 2007 Black and White Tour.
 On the Pollstar Top 50 Worldwide Tours of the first half of 2011, Ricky Martin ranked at number 42.
 His tour grossed $17.7, with 37 shows and 246,141 total tickets.
 After visiting 28 countries throughout North America, Europe and Latin America, Ricky Martin formally ended his tour on November 12, 2011 in his homeland, Puerto Rico, at the Coliseo de Puerto Rico José Miguel Agrelot.
 The tour closed on November 19, 2011 in Santo Domingo.
The Livin' La Vida Loca World Tour was the first major world concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin to support his first English-language album "Ricky Martin".
 The tour started in October 1999 and continued until October 2000.
One Night Only with Ricky Martin (also known as Una Noche con Ricky Martin) was the worldwide concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin, in support of his 2005 album "Life".
 The tour visited the Americas, Europe, Asia and Africa.
Livin La Vida Loco, a play on the song title "Livin' la Vida Loca" by Ricky Martin, was a concert tour in 1999.
 It was headlined by Coal Chamber, and organized by the band's record label, Roadrunner Records.
 Other bands that were featured included Machine Head, Slipknot, and Amen.
 The tour was formed after Coal Chamber were thrown off a tour with the Insane Clown Posse, and picked up Nadja Peulen as an interim bassist during the tour.
