Mike Barbarick is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, American Soccer League, United Soccer League and American Indoor Soccer Association.
Randy Phillips (born Dallas, Texas) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League, one in the American Soccer League and two in the United Soccer League.
 He was also a two-time first team All American goalkeeper at Southern Methodist University.
Scott Manning (born September 5, 1957 in Rochester, New York) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper.
 He spent four seasons in the American Soccer League where he was the 1980 league leading goalkeeper.
 He also played thirteen seasons in the Major Indoor Soccer League where he was the 1985 MISL Goalkeeper of the Year.
Peter Simonini (born January 19, 1957 in Somerville, Massachusetts) was an American soccer goalkeeper who was the 1983 American Soccer League MVP.
 He spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League, one in the American Soccer League, one in the United Soccer League and one in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He later served as the head coach of the Bentley College men's soccer team for twenty years.
Eugene Van Taylor is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League, three in the American Soccer League and five in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
 He is currently the men's soccer coach at Lander University.
Bill Nuttall (born March 10, 1948 in Norristown, Pennsylvania) is the owner of Golden Viking Sports, licensee for the soccer brand Diadora.
 He was a first team Junior College and first team NSCAA All-American soccer goalkeeper who spent at least three seasons in the American Soccer League and three seasons in the North American Soccer League.
 He was the 1970 first team All American goalkeeper, coached at both the collegiate and professional levels and was the general manager of the United States Soccer Federation teams from 1991 to 1994.
Tim Hanley (born March 27, 1960) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played in the North American Soccer League and Europe.
 He is a long time Major League Soccer goalkeeper coach.
Hope Amelia Solo (born July 30, 1981) is an American soccer goalkeeper, two-time Olympic gold medalist, and World Cup champion.
 She was the goalkeeper for the United States women's national soccer team from 2000 through August 2016.
 After playing at the collegiate level for the University of Washington, she played professionally for the Philadelphia Charge in the Women's United Soccer Association (WUSA).
 When the WUSA folded after her first season, she traveled to Europe to play for the top division leagues in Sweden and France.
 From 2009 to 2011, she played in the Women's Professional Soccer (WPS) for Saint Louis Athletica, Atlanta Beat and magicJack.
 After the WPS ceased operations in early 2012, she played for the Seattle Sounders in the W-League.
 She most recently played for Seattle Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League, the top division of women's soccer in the United States.
Keith Van Eron is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played one season in the American Soccer League and three in the North American Soccer League.
 He also played the first eleven seasons of Major Indoor Soccer League, winning the 1984 championship with the Baltimore Blast.
 He was the 1986 MISL Goalkeeper of the Year.
Roland Sikinger is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, United Soccer League, American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.
