The discography of Janie Fricke, an American country artist, consists of twenty three studio albums, one live album, one tribute album, nine compilation albums, forty two singles, two music videos, and seventeen other appearances.
 Fricke was signed to Nashville's Columbia Records as a solo artist in 1977.
 Later that year, her debut single, "What're You Doing Tonight", reached the top-forty on the country songs chart.
 The following year her debut studio album, "Singer of Songs", was issued.
 Between 1978 and 1980, Fricke issued three studio albums which resulted in two major hits: "Please Help Me, I'm Fallin" (1978) and "I'll Love Away Your Troubles for Awhile" (1979).
 With a change in musical direction, Fricke began recording ballads in 1980, strengthening the success of her singles. "
Down to My Last Broken Heart" and "I'll Need Someone to Hold Me (When I Cry)" were her first pair of top-ten hits on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 An album of the same was also released that year, which reached the top-thirty on the Top Country Albums chart.
 With her sixth studio album, Fricke reached the top spot of the "Billboard" country chart with its second single "Don't Worry 'bout Me Baby" (1982).
 This would start a series of number-one country singles during this period. "
It Ain't Easy" (1982), her seventh studio record, reached number fifteen on the Top Country Albums list and spawned three number-one hits: "It Ain't Easy Bein' Easy", "He's a Heartache (Looking for a Place to Happen)", and "Tell Me a Lie".
The discography of American country artist Melba Montgomery contains twenty nine studio albums, eleven compilation albums, sixty two singles, one charting B-side and five other appearances.
 Signing with United Artists Records in 1962, she recorded with George Jones on the self-penned "We Must Have Been Out of Our Minds".
 It reached the top three of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
 The pair's follow-up "Let's Invite Them Over" reached the top twenty, as did its B-side.
 Jones and Montgomery issued their debut studio album "What's in Our Heart" in November 1963, which peaked in the top ten of the "Billboard" Top Country Albums list.
 They continued releasing albums together including "Close Together" (1966) and "Party Pickin"' (1967).
 In 1963, Montgomery's debut solo singles reached the top-thirty of the country songs chart and the following year, her first pair of solo studio albums were issued.
 She collaborated with Gene Pitney in 1965, releasing "Baby Ain't That Fine" that year.
 The song reached number fifteen and the duo then issued the studio album "Being Together" (1965).
 Between 1965 and 1968 Montgomery released six solo studio efforts on both United Artists and Musicor, including "Hallelujah Road" (1966) and "Don't Keep Me Lonely Too Long" (1967).
 Through Capitol Records, she recorded with Charlie Louvin in 1970 and "Something to Brag About", reached number eighteen in early 1971.
 The pair would release two studio albums together in 1971 and several more singles.
Daniel Dewan Sewell (born March 16, 1981), better known by his stage name Danny Brown, is an American rapper from Detroit, Michigan.
 He is best known for his individuality, being described by MTV as "one of rap's most unique figures in recent memory".
 In 2010, after amassing several mixtapes, Brown released his debut studio album, "The Hybrid".
 Brown began to gain major recognition after the release of his second studio album, "XXX", which received critical acclaim and earned him such accolades as "Spin", as well as "Metro Times" "Artist of the Year".
 In 2013, he entered a US "Billboard" chart, with the release of his third studio album, "Old", which reached number 18 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart and spawned three singles, "Dip", "25 Bucks" and "Smokin & Drinkin".
 His latest studio album, "Atrocity Exhibition", was released on September 27, 2016.
Latoya Nontokozo Buthelezi (born 5 February 1990), also known by her stage name Toya Delazy, is a South African singer, pianist, dancer and performer from KwaZulu-Natal.
 She released 2 albums under Sony Music Africa and her own label Delazy Entertainment.
 Delazy was nominated in the Best International Act (Africa) category at the 2013 BET Awards.
 Her debut studio album, "Due Drop", was supported by the singles "Pump It On", "Love Is in the Air", "Are You Gonna Stay?"
, "Heart" and "Memoriam".
 Following the release of her debut studio album, Delazy took home the awards for Newcomer of the Year and Best Pop Album at the 2013 SAMAs.
 She made a major impact on South African top 40 radio with the release of her aforementioned singles.
Nigerian recording artist Runtown has released one studio album, seventeen singles and ten music videos. His debut single was released in 2007 as an upcoming artist.
 He shot to limelight in 2014 upon the release of "Gallardo", a song which features vocals from Davido and was released as the first single off his debut studio album "Ghetto University".
 Gallardo went on to win "Best Collaboration of the Year" at the 2014 edition of the Nigeria Entertainment Awards.
 On 23 November 2015, Runtown released his debut studio album titled "Ghetto University" via MTN Music Plus through Eric Many Entertainment.
 The album generated over ₦35million on the music portal thus earning him a spot in the list of "Top 5 Most Streamed Artist".
The discography of Weezer, an American rock band, consists of 10 studio albums, two compilation albums, one video album, six extended plays, twenty-eight singles and twenty-four music videos. Weezer's self-titled debut studio album, often referred to as "The Blue Album", was released in May 1994 through DGC Records.
 The album was a huge commercial success, peaking at number 16 on the US "Billboard" 200 and spawning the singles "Undone – The Sweater Song" and "Buddy Holly", both of which were responsible for launching Weezer into mainstream success with the aid of music videos directed by Spike Jonze.
 It has sold 3.3 million copies in the United States and has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), becoming the band's best selling album to date.
 Following the success of their debut album, Weezer took a break from touring for the Christmas holidays.
 Lead singer Rivers Cuomo began piecing together demo material for Weezer's second studio album.
 Cuomo's original concept for the album was a space-themed rock opera, "Songs from the Black Hole".
 Ultimately, the "Songs from the Black Hole" album concept was dropped; the band, however, continued to utilize songs from these sessions into work for their second studio album. "
Pinkerton" was released as the band's second studio album in September 1996.
 Peaking at number 19 on the "Billboard" 200, it was considered a critical and commercial failure at the time of its release, selling far less than its triple platinum predecessor.
 However, in the years following its release, it has seen much critical and commercial championing.
The discography of American recording artist Marcella Detroit consists of seven studio albums, two compilation albums, sixteen singles (including three as a featured artist), and ten other appearances.
 Detroit released her debut studio album "Marcella" in 1982 under her birth name Marcy Levy, which went largely unnoticed.
 She became a member of pop group Shakespears Sister in 1989, who released two studio albums in her time with the band, the second, "Hormonally Yours", peaked at #3 on the UK Albums Chart, and was certified double platinum by the BPI.
 After leaving the band in 1993, Detroit released her second studio album "Jewel" in March 1994, which peaked at #15 on the UK Albums Charts, and was certified silver.
 The album's lead single, "I Believe", peaked at #11 in the UK, and reached the top ten in Australia.
 Her following album "Feeler", released in September 1996, was less successful, although it reached #82 in Japan.
 A live album, "Without Medication Plus MTV "Buzz Live"" was released promotionally in Japan the same year.
 Detroit's first EP, "Abfab Songs", was released in 1999, consisting entirely of original songs featured on "Absolutely Fabulous" in 1996, when Detroit guest-starred in two episodes as an angel.
 The same year, she released "Demoz", a double-CD collection of demos through her website.
 Her fourth studio album "Dancing Madly Sideways" was released in the same fashion, and thus did not chart in any territories.
The discography of Loona, a Dutch recording artist, consists of 7 studio albums, three compilation albums, two extended plays, 37 singles, including 12 as featured artist, 8 promotional singles, and 42 music videos, including 12 as featured artist.
 Loona was first featured on numeous of singles by DJ Sammy under the artist name Carisma.
 The first release as Loona was the debut studio album Lunita in 1999, preceded by the massive chart hits "Bailando", a Paradisio cover version, and the Mecano classic "Hijo de la Luna", both released in 1998.
 This success was followed with the sophomore release "Entre dos aguas" in 2000, preceded by the controversial single release "Mamboleo", a cover version of Herbert Grönemeyer's song "Mambo", which has been removed on later pressings.
 The albums "Colors", "Wind of Time", "Moonrise" and "Rakatakata (Un Rayo de Sol)" followed in 2002, 2005, 2008 and 2013 respectively.
 In 2014, Loona released her first single "Ademloos door de Nacht" under her real name Marie-José van der Kolk, a Dutch language cover version of German singer Helene Fischer's single "Atemlos durch die Nacht", from her upcoming studio album.
Help is the debut studio album by Mary Mary recording artist Erica Campbell and was released on March 25, 2014 by eOne.
 This is Erica Campbell's debut studio album without her sister Tina Campbell.
 The album's release was preceded by the singles "A Little More Jesus", the title track "Help" and "You Are".
 The album debuted at number 1 on the US "Billboard" Gospel Albums chart and number 6 on the "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of 23,000 copies.
 The album also won the Grammy Award for Best Gospel Album at the 57th Grammy Awards.
The discography of English recording artist Cheryl consists of four studio albums, one extended play, nine singles (excluding three as a featured artist), and fourteen music videos.
 Cheryl's first foray into a solo music career occurred when she featured on will.i.am's "Heartbreaker".
 After having streetdancing lessons during the filming of "Passions of Girls Aloud" series, Cheryl was picked to appear in the song's video.
 She was later asked to sing the female vocals on the UK release of the track, which reached number four in the United Kingdom and sold over 250,000 copies, giving the single a silver certificate by the BPI.
 It was the 31st best selling single of 2008.
 Cheryl's solo career began in October 2009 with the release of "Fight for This Love", the lead single from her debut studio album, "3 Words".
 The track saw Cheryl achieve her first solo number-one single when it topped the UK chart, while also attaining international chart success; peaking within the top 10 in the likes of France, Germany and the Netherlands.
 The parent album debuted at number one in the UK with sales of 125,271.
 On 6 November 2009 the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) certified the album platinum.
 It has since gone 3× Platinum, with sales of over 1,000,000 copies. "
3 Words" is both the opening and title song from her debut studio album.
 It was released in the UK and Ireland on 20 December 2009 went on to become Fernandez-Versini's second consecutive UK top-five and Irish-top ten hit.
 It was also a top five hit in Australia and has since been certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association and gold by the British Phonographic Industry. "
Parachute" was released on 11 March 2010 as the album's third and final single.
 "Parachute" became Cheryl's third consecutive solo UK top five hit, and her third Irish top 10 hit.
 It was nominated for a Brit Award in 2011.
