Frank H. Ellis, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (October 13, 1893 – July 4, 1979) was an early Canadian aviator and member of the Early Birds of Aviation.
 He was born in Nottingham, England in 1893 and immigrated to Calgary, Alberta with his family in 1912.
 With Tom Blakely, he constructed and flew a biplane designed after a Curtiss model in 1914.
 He was the first Canadian to make a parachute jump from an airplane in Canada, July 5, 1919 at Crystal Beach, Fort Erie, Ontario.
 Beside his day job as bus driver, Ellis wrote extensively on the history of aviation, and was an avid aircraft model builder.
 He located several historic Canadian aviation artifacts and arranged for their donation to museums.
 In 1954 he published "Canada's Flying Heritage", the first major study of the History of aviation in Canada.
 In 1972, he was awarded the Medal of Service of the Order of Canada.
 He died July 4, 1979 at the age of 85, in North Vancouver, BC.
The Sopwith Bat Boats were British flying boats designed and built from 1912 to 1914.
 A single-engined pusher biplane, the Bat Boat was the first successful flying boat and amphibious aircraft built in the United Kingdom, with examples used by the Royal Navy and by Greece and Germany.
The Allis-Chalmers model B was a tractor produced by the Allis-Chalmers Manufacturing company from 1937 to 1957.
 With over 125,000 units produced, the model B became one of the best selling tractors for Allis-Chalmers and most loved tractors of its time.
 Known best for its versatility and adaptability, the model B was also one of the longest production tractors for Allis-Chalmers as well.
 Over the years of production the B came in several different variations including the Asparagus B, Potato Special, and the IB industrial tractor.
 The Model B was designed by Brooks Stevens an industrial designer and graphic designer.
The Burgess Model I, also known as the "Burgess I-Scout" and the "Coast Defense Hydroaeroplane", was a United States reconnaissance seaplane built for the Aeronautical Division, U.S. Signal Corps in 1913.
 It was of conventional Wright Model B design but with an engine mounted amidships in an enclosed fuselage, driving by chains two large pusher propellers mounted on the interplane struts.
 The undercarriage consisted of twin pontoons.
 The single example built, S.C. No. 17, was delivered to the Army in January 1913 at the Burgess Company and Curtis factory in Massachusetts, then transported to Florida to complete the training of two officers.
 After the assignment, it was disassembled and moved to the Philippines in September 1913, where it was in and out of service several times before crashing into the sea near Corregidor on January 12, 1915.
 It is notable as the first U.S. Army aircraft to conduct two-way radio communication with the ground in December 1914.
The Wright Model B was an early pusher biplane designed by the Wright brothers in the United States in 1910.
 It was the first of their designs to be built in quantity.
 Unlike the Model A, it featured a true elevator carried at the tail rather than at the front.
 It was the last Wright model to have an open-frame tail.
 The Model B was a dedicated two-seater with the pilot and a passenger sitting side-by-side on the leading edge of the lower wing.
The de Schelde Scheldemusch was a single-seat pusher biplane designed in the Netherlands to be easy and safe to fly.
 It was one of the first light aircraft to use a tricycle undercarriage.
 Despite a sales campaign in the UK, only six were built, one being briefly tested by the RAF.
 A single example of a flying boat version, one of the smallest of this class, was also built.
The Duigan pusher biplane (often simply called the Duigan biplane) was an early aircraft which made the first powered flight by an Australian-designed and built machine when it flew in Victoria in 1910.
 The aircraft was constructed by John Duigan with help from his brother, Reginald, on their family farm at Mia Mia.
 The effort was especially significant in that the brothers built the aircraft almost entirely by themselves and without input from the pioneering aviation community; a photo-postcard of the Wright Flyer inspired the design and Sir Hiram Maxim's book "Artificial and Natural Flight" provided the theoretical basis.
The Wright brothers, Orville (August 19, 1871 – January 30, 1948) and Wilbur (April 16, 1867 – May 30, 1912), were two American brothers, inventors, and aviation pioneers who are generally credited with inventing, building, and flying the world's first successful airplane.
 They made the first controlled, sustained flight of a powered, heavier-than-air aircraft on December 17, 1903, four miles south of Kitty Hawk, North Carolina.
 In 1904–05 the brothers developed their flying machine into the first practical fixed-wing aircraft.
 Although not the first to build and fly experimental aircraft, the Wright brothers were the first to invent aircraft controls that made fixed-wing powered flight possible.
The Boxkite (officially the Bristol Biplane) was the first aircraft produced by the British and Colonial Aeroplane Company (later known as the Bristol Aeroplane Company).
 A pusher biplane based on the successful Farman III, it was one of the first aircraft types to be built in quantity.
 As the type was used by Bristol for instruction purposes at their flying schools at Larkhill and Brooklands many early British aviators learned to fly in a Boxkite.
 Four were purchased in 1911 by the War Office and examples were sold to Russia and Australia.
 It continued to be used for training purposes until after the outbreak of the First World War.
Captain Albert Berry is one of two people credited as the first person to make a successful parachute jump from a powered airplane.
 The other contender is Grant Morton, who is reported to have jumped from a Wright Model B flying over Venice Beach, California sometime late in 1911.
 Morton's pilot was Phil Parmalee.
