Lea County Regional Airport (IATA: HOB, ICAO: KHOB) (Lea County-Hobbs Airport) is four miles (6.4 km) west of Hobbs, in Lea County, New Mexico.
 The airport covers 898 acre and has three runways.
 It is an FAA certified commercial airport served by United Airlines' affiliate with daily regional flights.
 Lea County Regional Airport is the largest of the three airports owned and operated by Lea County Government.
 Lea County also owns and operated two general aviation airports in Lovington and Jal, New Mexico.
Albany International Airport (IATA: ALB, ICAO: KALB, FAA LID: ALB) is a public airport seven miles (11 km) northwest of Albany, in Albany County, New York, United States.
 It is owned by the Albany County Airport Authority.
Eagle County Regional Airport (IATA: EGE, ICAO: KEGE, FAA LID: EGE) (Vail/Eagle Airport or the Eagle Vail Airport) is four miles (6 km) west of Eagle, Colorado.
 The airport serves its namesake Eagle County, which includes visitors to the nearby Vail and Beaver Creek ski resorts.
 It covers 632 acre and has one runway.
 The History Channel rated Eagle County Regional Airport as #8 on its list of Most Extreme Airports in July, 2010 due to the elevation, weather variability, an approach through mountainous terrain and challenging departure procedures.
 In 2008–2009, the Airport completed a runway repaving and extension project, increasing the runway length to 9,000 feet.
Raleigh Exec: The Raleigh Executive Jetport @ Sanford-Lee County or Raleigh Exec Jetport at Sanford-Lee CountyFAA Airport Master Record for TTA (Form 5010 ) (ICAO: KTTA, FAA LID: TTA) is a public use airport located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) northeast of the central business district of Sanford, a city in Lee County, North Carolina, United States.
 It is owned by the Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport Authority and was previously known as Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport.
 This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "reliever airport" for Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
Sharp County Regional Airport (IATA: CKK, ICAO: KCVK, FAA LID: CVK) is a public-use airport in Sharp County, Arkansas, United States.
 It is located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) northeast of the central business district of Ash Flat, Arkansas.
 The airport is owned by the Sharp County Regional Airport Authority.
Dane County Regional Airport (DCRA) (IATA: MSN, ICAO: KMSN, FAA LID: MSN) (Truax Field) is a civil-military airport located six miles northeast of downtown Madison, the capital of Wisconsin.
 In the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, it is categorized as a small-hub primary commercial service facility.
Pensacola International Airport (IATA: PNS, ICAO: KPNS, FAA LID: PNS) , formerly Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional Airport and Pensacola Regional Airport (Hagler Field), is a public use airport three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Pensacola, in Escambia County, Florida, United States.
 It is owned by the City of Pensacola.
 Despite the name, this airport does not offer direct international flights.
 This airport is one of the five major airports in North Florida, others being: Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport, Destin-Fort Walton Beach Airport Tallahassee International Airport, and Jacksonville International Airport.
Elizabeth City Regional Airport (IATA: ECG, ICAO: KECG, FAA LID: ECG) is a joint civil-military public and military use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Elizabeth City, in Pasquotank County, North Carolina, United States.
 The airport, on the shore of the Pasquotank River, is also known as Elizabeth City-Pasquotank County Regional Airport or ECG Regional Airport.
 It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
The Susquehanna Area Regional Airport Authority (SARAA) is the governing authority of Harrisburg International Airport, Capital City Airport, Franklin County Regional Airport and Gettysburg Regional Airport in south-central Pennsylvania.
 SARAA was incorporated on September 9, 1997, and officially took over control of HIA and CXY airports from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on January 1, 1998.
Truax Field Air National Guard Base (IATA: MSN, ICAO: KMSN, FAA LID: MSN) , also known as Truax Field, is a military facility located at Dane County Regional Airport.
 It is located five miles (8 km) northeast of the center of Madison, a city in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.
