Click Barkada Hunt is a Filipino reality show which served as a pre-programming to its mother program, "Click" and formerly aired on GMA Network in 2002 or 2003.
 The show ran for less than a season which sought to introduce the newest batch of "Click" stars.
 The show is for the publicity purpose of the parent show, "Click", only.
SOP Gigsters was a musical variety show in the Philippines which featured production numbers from GMA Network's young stars and ran texting promos where viewers had a chance to win gadgets and cash prizes by subscribing through Fanatxt.
 This series aired from June 13, 2004 to October 22, 2006.
 It also featured guest performers.
 It aired every Sunday right after its parent show "SOP (Sobrang Okey Pare)".
Refers to a TV series that has spawned a spin-off.
 For example, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" is the parent show of "Angel".
This article lists the major and recurring fictional characters created by Joss Whedon and the writers of Mutant Enemy for the cult hit television program, "Angel".
 For a more in-depth look at some of the minor characters on the show, please see the list of minor "Angel" characters.
 For the characters of "Angel"'s parent show "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", please see list of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" characters and list of minor "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" characters.
The Great Gildersleeve was a radio situation comedy broadcast in the USA from August 31, 1941, to 1958.
 Initially written by Leonard Lewis Levinson, it was one of broadcast history's earliest spin-off programs.
 The series was built around the character Throckmorton P. Gildersleeve, a regular element of the radio situation comedy "Fibber McGee and Molly".
 The character was introduced in the October 3, 1939 episode (number 216) of that series.
 Actor Harold Peary had played a similarly named character, Dr. Gildersleeve, on earlier episodes.
 "The Great Gildersleeve" enjoyed its greatest popularity in the 1940s.
 Peary played the character during its transition from the parent show into the spin-off and later in four feature films released at the height of the show's popularity.
Gladiators 2000 is a spin-off television show of "American Gladiators".
 It is hosted by Ryan Seacrest and Maria Sansone (replaced by Valarie Rae Miller in Season 2).
 Season 5 "American Gladiators" grand champion Peggy Odita served as head referee.
 It premiered on September 17, 1994 and ran until May 11, 1996.
 It was often partnered with its parent show in syndication, however some markets ran it independently.
 Like AG, the series was produced by Four Point Entertainment, and distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Television.
 In response to the popularity of NBC's 2008 revival of "American Gladiators", the show was brought back in syndicated reruns for the 2008-2009 television season.
Benson is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from September 13, 1979, to April 19, 1986.
 The series is a spin-off of the soap opera parody "Soap" in which the character Benson, portrayed by Robert Guillaume, had first appeared as the wise-cracking yet level-headed African-American butler for the highly dysfunctional Tate family.
 However, "Benson" eschewed the soap opera format of its parent show for a more conventional sitcom structure.
 The series was created by Susan Harris, and produced by Witt/Thomas/Harris Productions.
 In 1985, Guillaume won an Emmy award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for his role in the show.
Top Gear: Extra Gear, known simply as Extra Gear, is a British online television series, broadcast by BBC Three, which is online only and is available on on-demand service BBC iPlayer in the United Kingdom; the series serves as a spin-off show to "Top Gear".
 In the first series, the main presenters were "Top Gear" co-presenters Rory Reid and Chris Harris.
 After Reid and Harris were appointed as main presenters to the parent show, comedian George Lewis was announced as the new lead presenter, starting from series 2 onwards.
The URL with Phred Show is an American television series originally airing on Noggin.
 It acts as a spin-off series to "Phred on Your Head Show" and aired from September 10, 2001 until March 31, 2002.
Ianto Jones is a fictional character in the BBC television series "Torchwood", played by Welsh actor Gareth David-Lloyd.
 A series regular, Ianto appears in every episode of the programme's first three seasons, as well as two crossover episodes of "Torchwood"' s parent show, "Doctor Who".
 Additionally, Ianto appears in Expanded Universe material such as the "Torchwood" novels and audiobooks, comic books and radio plays.
 Within the narrative of the series, Ianto begins as general support officer for Torchwood Three, a team of alien hunters stationed in Cardiff, and develops into an active field agent.
 Initially the regular character with the least screen time, Ianto's role expanded in response to growing cult appeal.
