The economy of New York City encompasses the largest municipal as well as regional economy in the United States.
 Anchored by Wall Street, in Lower Manhattan, New York City has been characterized as the world's premier financial center, and is home to the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ, the world's largest stock exchanges by market capitalization and trading activity.
 In 2012, the New York City Metropolitan Statistical Area generated a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of over US$1.33 trillion, while the Combined Statistical Area produced a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and being roughly equivalent to the GDP of South Korea.
 The city's economy accounts for the majority of the economic activity in the states of New York and New Jersey.
The New York Stock Exchange (abbreviated as NYSE and nicknamed "The Big Board"), is an American stock exchange located at 11 Wall Street, Lower Manhattan, New York City, New York.
 It is by far the world's largest stock exchange by market capitalization of its listed companies at US$21.3 trillion as of June 2017.
 The average daily trading value was approximately 169 billion in 2013.
 The NYSE trading floor is located at 11 Wall Street and is composed of 21 rooms used for the facilitation of trading.
 A fifth trading room, located at 30 Broad Street, was closed in February 2007.
 The main building and the 11 Wall Street building were designated National Historic Landmarks in 1978.
The Financial District, also known as FiDi, is a neighborhood located at the southern tip of the borough of Manhattan in New York City, which comprises the offices and headquarters of many of the city's major financial institutions, including the New York Stock Exchange and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
 Anchored on Wall Street in the Financial District, New York City has been called both the most financially powerful city and the leading financial center of the world, and the New York Stock Exchange is the world's largest stock exchange by total market capitalization.
 Several other major exchanges have or had headquarters in the Financial District, including the New York Mercantile Exchange, NASDAQ, the New York Board of Trade, and the former American Stock Exchange.
The Buttonwood Agreement, which took place on May 17, 1792, started the New York Stock & Exchange Board now called the New York Stock Exchange.
 This agreement was signed by 24 stockbrokers outside of 68 Wall Street New York under a buttonwood tree.
 The organization drafted its constitution on March 8, 1817, and named itself the "New York Stock & Exchange Board".
 In 1863, this name was shortened to its modern form, the "New York Stock Exchange".
The American Stock Exchange Building, formerly known as the New York Curb Exchange Building, is the former headquarters of the American Stock Exchange.
 It is located on Trinity Place in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City.
 Built in 1921 and enlarged in 1929-31, the building represents a link to the historical practices of stock trading outside the strictures of the New York Stock Exchange, which took place outside ("on the curb") prior to the construction of this building.
 It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1978.
 The building presently stands vacant, the stock exchange having moved out after merging with the NYSE in 2008.
New York was severely affected by Hurricane Sandy in 2012, particularly New York City, its suburbs, and Long Island.
 Sandy's impacts included the flooding of the New York City Subway system, of many suburban communities, and of all road tunnels entering Manhattan except the Lincoln Tunnel.
 The New York Stock Exchange closed for two consecutive days.
 Numerous homes and businesses were destroyed by fire, including over 100 homes in Breezy Point, Queens.
 Large parts of the city and surrounding areas lost electricity for several days.
 Several thousand people in midtown Manhattan were evacuated for six days due to a crane collapse at Extell's One57.
 Bellevue Hospital Center and a few other large hospitals were closed and evacuated.
 Flooding at 140 West Street and another exchange disrupted voice and data communication in lower Manhattan.
Pier 11/Wall Street is a pier providing slips to ferries and excursion boats on the East River in the Port of New York and New Jersey.
 It is located east of South Street and FDR Drive just south of Wall Street in Lower Manhattan, New York City.
 The ferry terminal has five landings (A, B, C, D, E), each with two berths, and is used by four privately owned companies.
 Within walking distance, public transportation includes the New York City Subway's trains at South Ferry – Whitehall Street and trains trains at Wall Street; the M55, M15, M15 SBS, M20 New York City Bus routes, and the Staten Island Ferry.
14 Wall Street, originally the Bankers Trust Company Building, is a skyscraper at 14 Wall Street at the corner of Nassau Street and running through to Pine Street in the Financial District of Manhattan in New York City.
 It sits across Nassau Street from Federal Hall National Memorial, across Wall Street from the New York Stock Exchange and diagonally across from the original headquarters of J. P. Morgan & Company.
 It was built in 1910-12 and was designed by Trowbridge & Livingston in the neoclassical style as the headquarters for Bankers Trust.
 An addition with Art Deco detailing, designed by Shreve, Lamb & Harmon, was constructed in 1931-33.
 The stepped pyramid at the building's top is a noted part of the downtown skyline, and became the logo for Bankers Trust, which sold the building in 1937.
Tumbridge & Co. was one of Wall Streets earliest options brokers.
 The firm was headquartered in New York City during the nineteenth century.
 Tumbridge & Co., Bankers and Brokers, had its office at 2 Wall Street.
 The company published a booklet "Secrets of Success in Wall Street" in 1875, predecessor to all the booklets found today which aim to educate and attract investors to trade options.
 This slim, 48-page volume described the workings of the New York Stock Exchange and the over-the-counter options market.
 The options traded at Tumbridge & Co. were American options, which went by the name "stock privileges".
 Equity options included both calls and puts.
 Option strategies included spreads, and straddles. Each option contract represented 100 shares of an underlying stock, and matured in 30 days.
 Tumbridge always charged $100 as cost of a call or a put and $6.25 for broker’s commissions for each leg of the trade.
The Stock Exchange Luncheon Club was a members-only dining club, on the seventh floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) at 11 Wall Street in Manhattan.
 The club was founded on August 3, 1898, and moved from 70 Broadway to 11 Wall Street in 1903.
 It closed on April 28, 2006, after more than a century of service.
