"Nobody's Child" is a song written by Cy Coben and Mel Foree.
 It was first recorded by Hank Snow in 1949 and it became one of his standards, although it did not chart for him.
 The song has been covered a number of times in the UK; it was on Lonnie Donegan's first album in 1956 (which went to #2 as an album in the UK), it was covered by Tony Sheridan and the Beat Brothers (The Beatles) in 1961 in Hamburg, and in 1969 Karen Young took the song to #6 on the UK charts and used it as the title track on her album.
 In 1969 Hank Williams Jr. did a version of it that made it to #46 on the US Country charts.
 The Traveling Wilburys' 1990 version made it to #44 on the UK charts.
Alina Margolis-Edelman (18 April 1922-23 March 2008) was a Polish physician, Holocaust survivor and resistance fighter during the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, who was forced to flee Poland during a revival of anti-Semitism in Poland in 1968.
 Joining Doctors Without Borders, she later helped found Doctors of the World, participating in medical missions in Africa and the Middle East, Latin America, and Eastern Europe.
 Simultaneously, she worked as a physician, practicing at Necker-Enfants Malades Hospital and the Maternal-Infant Protection Service in Seine-Saint-Denis.
 In 1990, she returned to Poland and began an association "Nobody's Children" to fight against child abuse in Poland.
 She was the recipient of numerous awards and honors.
Saul Hudson (born July 23, 1965), better known by his stage name Slash, is a British-American musician and songwriter.
 He is best known as the lead guitarist of the American hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
 During his later years with Guns N' Roses, Slash formed the side project Slash's Snakepit.
 After leaving Guns N' Roses in 1996, he co-founded the supergroup Velvet Revolver, which re-established him as a mainstream performer in the mid to late 2000s.
 Slash has since released three solo albums: "Slash" (2010), featuring an array of famous guest musicians, and "Apocalyptic Love" (2012) and "World on Fire" (2014), recorded with his band, Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators.
 He returned to Guns N' Roses in 2016, nearly 20 years after he had left.
The Traveling Wilburys (sometimes shortened to the Wilburys) were a British-American supergroup consisting of Bob Dylan, George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, Roy Orbison, and Tom Petty.
 The band recorded two albums, the first in 1988 and the second in 1990, though Orbison died before the second was recorded.
The term international child abduction is generally synonymous with international "parental kidnapping," "child snatching", and "child stealing."
 However, the more precise legal usage of "international child abduction" originates in private international law and refers to the illegal removal of children from their home by an acquaintance or family member to a foreign country.
 In this context, "illegal" is normally taken to mean "in breach of custodial rights" and "home" is defined as the child's habitual residence.
 As implied by the "breach of custodial rights," the phenomenon of international child abduction generally involves an illegal removal that creates a jurisdictional conflict of laws whereby multiple authorities and jurisdictions could conceivably arrive at seemingly reasonable and conflicting custodial decisions with geographically limited application.
 Such a result often strongly affects a child's access and connection to half their family and may cause the loss of their former language, culture, name and nationality, it violates numerous children's rights, and can cause severe psychological and emotional trauma to the child and family left behind.
Sarah Ellen Polley {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born January 8, 1979) is a Canadian actress, writer, director and political activist.
 Polley first garnered attention as a child actress for her role as Sara Stanley in the Canadian television series "Road to Avonlea" (1990–1996).
 She has starred in many feature films, including "Exotica" (1994), "The Sweet Hereafter" (1997), "Guinevere" (1999), "Go" (1999), "The Weight of Water" (2000), "My Life Without Me" (2003), "Dawn of the Dead" (2004), "Splice" (2009), and "Mr. Nobody" (2009).
Nobody for Everybody is the Japanese debut EP / video album by South Korean girl group Wonder Girls.
 The title song is the same album name,"Nobody" ～あなたしか見えない～ (ノーバディ , Nōbadi ) , taken from their third Korean mini-album, "".
 This is the fourth language that "Nobody" has been released in following the original Korean, then English and Chinese.
 The EP consisted of Japanese version of "Nobody", as well as 2012 re-recordings of "Nobody" (Korean and English), "Saying I Love You", and "You're Out" to include Hyerim's vocals, who entered the group in 2010, replacing group's original member Sunmi who rejoined the group in 2015.
 The video albums features thirty-six videos (music videos, live performances etc.).
Graham William Nash, OBE (born 2 February 1942) is a British-American singer-songwriter and musician.
 Nash is known for his light tenor voice and for his songwriting contributions as a member of the English pop/rock group the Hollies and the folk-rock supergroup Crosby, Stills & Nash.
 Nash became an American citizen on 14 August 1978 and holds dual citizenship of the United Kingdom and United States.
"Shoppin' from A to Z" is a song by US singer-songwriter Toni Basil, released in 1983 as the fourth and final single from her debut album "Word of Mouth".
 It was released in the US only.
 After the poor performance "Nobody" in the UK, there was a lot of dependence on "Shoppin' From A to Z" for its performance in the US, but the song failed to match the success of chart topper "Mickey", peaking at No. 77.
 A music video was made for the song.
 The song was covered in a 1985 episode of "Fame" called "Wishes.
 It was also covered (in Japanese) by Tomoe Shinohara.
 The song features a shopping list consisting of various grocery items, each beginning with a different letter of the alphabet.
 On the album version, it is shouted out by a chorus.
 However, in the single version this is replaced by comical voices saying the name of each item.
Nobody's Child: Romanian Angel Appeal is a charity album released in 1990 to benefit Romanian orphans, under the auspices of the Romanian Angel Appeal Foundation.
 Artists donating tracks include the Traveling Wilburys, Stevie Wonder, Paul Simon and George Harrison, Eric Clapton, Duane Eddy, Van Morrison, Guns N' Roses, Ringo Starr, and Elton John.
 All songs were previously unreleased, and "Nobody's Child" (backed with "This Week") and "With a Little Help from my Friends" were released as singles.
