Amy Helm (born December 3, 1970) is an American singer-songwriter and daughter of The Band drummer Levon Helm and singer Libby Titus.
 She is a past and current member of the Levon Helm Band, the Dirt Farmer Band, the Midnight Ramble Band, Ollabelle, as well as her own touring band, Amy Helm & The Handsome Strangers.
Love for Levon: Benefit To Save The Barn was a concert held on October 3, 2012 at the Izod Center in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
 The concert was a tribute to the life of The Band lead vocalist and drummer Levon Helm.
 The concert featured a wide variety of musicians who had worked with Helm as well as musicians who were influenced by him.
 Proceeds from the concert went towards keeping Helm's Woodstock barn in his family's control as well as continuing his Midnight Ramble concert series in the barn.
 The concert's musical directors were Don Was and Helm's frequent collaborator Larry Campbell.
 The concert was released on CD and DVD on March 19, 2013.
Levon Helm is a 1982 album by Levon Helm.
 It was his second eponymous album and his last studio album until "Dirt Farmer", released in 2007.
The Right Stuff is a 1983 American epic historical drama film.
 It was adapted from Tom Wolfe's best-selling 1979 book of the same name about the Navy, Marine and Air Force test pilots who were involved in aeronautical research at Edwards Air Force Base, California, as well as the Mercury Seven, the seven military pilots who were selected to be the astronauts for Project Mercury, the first manned spaceflight by the United States.
 "The Right Stuff" was written and directed by Philip Kaufman and stars Ed Harris, Scott Glenn, Sam Shepard, Fred Ward, Dennis Quaid and Barbara Hershey.
 Levon Helm is the narrator in the introduction and elsewhere in the film, as well as having a co-starring role as Air Force test pilot Jack Ridley.
"Jemima Surrender" is a song written by Levon Helm and Robbie Robertson.
 It was first released on the Band's self-titled album in 1969.
 Usual Band drummer Levon Helm played guitar and sang the lead vocal while usual Band pianist Richard Manuel played drums.
 The song's lasciviousness helped inspire Naomi Weisstein to form the Chicago Women's Liberation Rock Band.
Levon Helm is a 1978 album by Levon Helm.
 It was Helm's second studio album independent of the Band.
Ramble at the Ryman is a 2011 live album recorded by American rock multi-instrumentalist Levon Helm during his September 17, 2008 performance at Nashville's Ryman Auditorium.
 The performance kicked off the beginning of the Americana Music Festival & Conference.
 The album features six songs by The Band and other cover material, including songs from previous Helm solo releases.
 Helm's band is led by multi-instrumentalist Larry Campbell and Helm's daughter, vocalist and mandolinist Amy Helm.
Levon Helm and the RCO All-Stars is a 1977 album by the short-lived musical group of the same name.
 It was Levon Helm's first studio album independent of the Band.
American Son is a studio album by American country rock musician Levon Helm, who is most famous for his work as drummer for the rock group the Band.
 It was released in October 1980 on MCA Records and was Helm's third studio album.
 It has been generally considered Levon Helm's best solo work until the release of "Dirt Farmer" in 2007.
The Right Stuff is a dating service in New Jersey, in business since 1993.
 Membership is international, and limited to single students, graduates, and faculty, of medical schools, and of select universities and colleges.
 TIME Magazine mentioned it in a review of dating services, saying, "If you’re highly educated and seeking a highly educated partner, Right Stuff Dating ('The Ivy League of Dating') may be right for you."
 According to the Right Stuff web site, as of 2015, there are about 4,900 members, and 310 couples have met and married through the site.
