The 1st Minnesota Light Artillery Battery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 The battery was mustered in at Fort Snelling, Minnesota.
 on November 21, 1861.
The 1st Iowa Light Artillery Battery was a light artillery battery from Iowa that served in the Union Army between August 17, 1861, and July 5, 1865, during the American Civil War.
The 3rd Arkansas Field Battery (1860–1865) was a Confederate Army artillery battery from Pulaski County, Arkansas, during the American Civil War.
 The battery is also known as the Totten Light Artillery, Pulaski Light Artillery, the Weaver Light Artillery, Woodruff’s Battery, and Marshall's Battery.
 The battery originated as a pre-war Militia company, initially enrolled in state service.
 After the Battle of Wilson's Creek, the battery was release from state service and eventually reorganized for Confederate Service.
 The battery provided the initial training for the leaders of numerous other Arkansas artillery batteries during the Civil War.
 The battery spent its entire service in the Department of the Trans-Mississippi.
Battery F, 2nd Missouri Light Artillery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 It was originally organized as Langraeber's Battery of Horse Artillery in St. Louis in the autumn of 1861.
 On September 30, "Langraeber's Battery" was assigned to the 2nd Missouri Light Artillery, as that regiment's Battery "F".
The 3rd Minnesota Light Artillery Battery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War and the American Indian Wars.
The Pee Dee Light Artillery was a distinguished Confederate light artillery battery during the American Civil War.
 The origins of the battery began as the Darlington Guards, a local militia of Darlington, South Carolina.
 The Darlington Guards volunteered their service to South Carolina on January 4, 1861, for a period of six months.
 These men were the very first soldiers to volunteer to fight in Civil War.
 They became Company B, First South Carolina Volunteers, commanded by Captain F.F. Warley and Lieutenant David Gregg McIntosh.
 After six months on the Charleston, South Carolina, coast and a short campaign in Virginia, the unit was released.
 Half the unit remained with Captain Warley and served the remainder of the war as the Darlington Guards.
 The other half reformed in Darlington, South Carolina, under McIntosh.
 The unit called themselves the Pee Dee Rifles and in August 1861 rendered their service as an infantry unit to the Confederate States of America for the duration of the war.
 While in training in Suffolk, Virginia, in the winter of 1861-62, the unit was reorganized as Company D, First South Carolina Regiment, a light artillery battery, and became the Pee Dee Light Artillery.
2nd Siege Artillery Battery was formed in Victoria during April 1915.
 The battery departed Melbourne on 17 July 1915 and served on the Western Front during World War I.
 The battery along with the 1st Siege Artillery Battery made up the 1st Siege Artillery Brigade.
 2nd Siege Artillery Battery was renamed the 55th Siege Artillery Battery on 28 September 1915.
 The battery was equipped first with four BL 9.2 inch Howitzers and then 6 from July 1917.
 In March 1918 the battery was assigned to the Australian Corps Heavy Artillery and resumed its original title.
The 1st Arkansas Light Artillery, originally known as the Fort Smith Artillery (1861), was a Confederate artillery battery that served during the American Civil War.
 The unit was actually a pre-war volunteer militia company which was activated as part of the Arkansas State Troops and mustered out of state service following the Battle of Wilson's Creek.
 The unit immediately re-organized and re-enlisted for Confederate service.
 The unit spent the majority of the war in the western theater, fighting as part of the Confederate Army of Tennessee.
 The unit is also known as Reid's Battery, Provence's Battery, Humphreys' Battery and finally
1st Siege Artillery Battery was formed in Victoria during April 1915.
 The battery departed Melbourne on 17 July 1915 and served on the Western Front during World War I.
 The battery along with the 2nd Siege Artillery Battery made up the 1st Siege Artillery Brigade.
 1st Siege Artillery Battery was renamed the 54th Siege Artillery Battery on 28 September 1915.
 The battery was equipped first with four 8 inch howitzers and then 6 from July 1917.
 In March 1918 the battery was assigned to the Australian Corps Heavy Artillery and resumed its original title.
2nd Minnesota Light Artillery Battery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
