Tietäjä (pl.
 "tietäjät", 'seer', 'wise man', literally 'knower') is a magically powerful figure in traditional Finno-Karelian culture, whose supernatural powers arise from his great knowledge.
 "Tietäjät" have been most extensively studied in recent years by Anna-Leena Siikala and Laura Stark.
In mathematics, a near polygon is an incidence geometry introduced by Ernest E. Shult and Arthur Yanushka in 1980.
 Shult and Yanushka showed the connection between the so-called tetrahedrally closed line-systems in Euclidean spaces and a class of point-line geometries which they called near polygons.
 These structures generalise the notion of generalized polygon as every generalized 2"n"-gon is a near 2"n"-gon of a particular kind.
 Near polygons were extensively studied and connection between them and dual polar spaces was shown in 1980s and early 1990s.
 Some sporadic simple groups, for example the Hall-Janko group and the Mathieu groups, act as automorphism groups of near polygons.
The Ashanti (also spelled Asante) Empire (1701–1957) was an Akan empire and kingdom in what is now modern-day Ghana.
 The Ashanti Empire expanded from Ashanti to include the Brong-Ahafo, Central region, Eastern region, Greater Accra region, and Western region, of present-day Ghana.
 The Ashanti benefited from early firearm adoption.
 Combined with effective strategy, they fashioned an empire that stretched from central Ghana to the present-day Ivory Coast.
 Due to the empire's military prowess, wealth, architecture, sophisticated hierarchy and culture, Ashanti has been extensively studied and has more historiographies by European, primarily British, authors than almost any other indigenous culture of Sub-Saharan Africa.
The Oliver Phase is the name for a Late Woodland Native American culture that flourished from 1200 and 1450 CE along the east and west forks of the White River in central and southern Indiana.
 The Oliver Phase is of the Western Basin Tradition which includes the Springwells Phase, the Younge Phase, and the Riviere au Vase Phase.
 Oliver people were village dwelling farmers with a heavy reliance on maize, very similar to other Late Woodland peoples in the area the Oneota, Fort Ancient, and Monongahela cultures.
 The name was originally coined by archaeologist James B. Griffin in 1946 to describe a Late Woodland ceramic complex centered in Hamilton and Marion counties in the valley of the West Fork of the White River first extensively studied at the Bowen site.
William N. Rhodes was an American airforce Technical Sergeant in World War II.
 On March 31, 1945, TSgt.
 William N. Rhodes' aircraft was engaged in a mission to take out a primary target (oil refinery) at Ziet, Germany.
 During that engagement his B-17 aircraft was hit by enemy fire.
 The number three engine oil supply line was cut by flak, and the landing gear was hit and jammed.
 Flak also damaged an engine housing causing that prop to be shut down and feathered.
 The Aircraft was able to maintain an altitude of 17,500 feet and began its journey back to England when two jet propelled German fighters attacked.
 These two German aircraft were sighted and immediately reported to the pilot by TSgt.
 Rhodes.
 The B-17 was hit during the German fighter attack inflicting extensive damage to the aircraft's number three fuel tank, causing it to explode and tossed the right wing violently.
 Following this hit the aircraft went into a tight downward spin, within just a few thousand feet the tail section of the aircraft blew off causing the aircraft to level off slightly and continue falling in a shallow spin.
 This presented the opportunity for the Navigator, Turret Gunner, Co-Pilot and TSgt.
 Rhodes to bail out.
 TSgt.
 Rhodes and three other crew members landed near Biberach, Germany.
 Of the nine original crew members on the B-17, only four survived the aerial encounter.
 Upon landing, TSgt.
 Rhodes and the other survivor’s were captured by German troops waiting on the ground, searched and taken to a Luftwaffe camp where they were processed as Prisoners of war.
William N. Fenton (December 15, 1908 – June 17, 2005) was an American scholar and writer known for his extensive studies of Iroquois history and culture.
 He started his studies of the Iroquois in the 1930s and published a number of significant works over the following decades.
 His final work was published in 2002.
 During his career, Fenton was director of the New York State Museum and a professor of anthropology at the State University of New York.
Bimal N. Patel is a Professor of Public International Law and the current Director of the Gujarat National Law University, Gandhinagar.
 He was appointed by a High Level Committee headed by the then Chief Justice of India, K G Balakrishnan, at the Supreme Court of India premises.
 The Government of India has also recently appointed him as a member of the 21st Law Commission of India along with Justice Balbir Singh Chauhan, retired Judge of the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India as its chairperson.
 Prof. Patel is a former International civil servant, scholar and academician of international law and diplomacy.An acclaimed international law jurist, he has extensively studied, researched, commented and published works on the administrative, procedural and substantive jurisprudence of the International Court of Justice (ICJ), International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (ITLOS), International Criminal Tribunal for former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and International Labour Organisation Administrative Tribunal (Geneva).
 His publications on India and International Law and Responsibility of International Organisations are reviewed and referred by international law scholars and journals across the world.
 He has published, edited several books, research papers/articles/surveys in leading academic and international law journals.
 He has been involved in drafting several national and state primary and secondary legislations, regulations, rules and holds the distinction as one of the first Indians to serve at the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal (Geneva).
 He has delivered numerous lectures, including one at Cambridge University, UK, and has received several honours.
 He has served at the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons,Hague, Netherlands.
Nematostella is a genus of sea anemones in the family Edwardsiidae.
 There are three species.
 The best known is the starlet sea anemone ("N. vectensis"), which has been extensively studied as a model organism in fields such as genetics, evolution, and ecology.
 The defining morphological apomorphy of "Nematostella" is the presence of nematosomes.
Candicine is a naturally occurring organic compound that is a quaternary ammonium salt with a phenethylamine skeleton.
 It is the N,N,N-trimethyl derivative of the well-known biogenic amine tyramine, and, being a natural product with a positively charged nitrogen atom in its molecular structure, it is classed as an alkaloid.
 Although it is found in a variety of plants, including barley, its properties have not been extensively studied with modern techniques.
 Candicine is toxic after parenteral administration, producing symptoms of neuromuscular blockade; further details are given in the "Pharmacology" section below.
Kunda Culture, originating from the Swiderian culture, comprised mesolithic hunter-gatherer communities of the Baltic forest zone extending eastwards through Latvia into northern Russia, dating to the period 8500–5000 BC according calibrated radiocarbon dating.
 It is named after the Estonian town of Kunda, about 110 km east of Tallinn along the Gulf of Finland, near where the first extensively studied settlement was discovered on Lammasmäe Hill and in the surrounding peat bog.
 The oldest known Kunda culture settlement in Estonia is Pulli.
 The Kunda Culture was succeeded by the Narva culture, who used pottery and showed some traces of food production.
