Mukachevo radar station was a Soviet radar station providing early warning of ballistic missile attack.
 It was located in Shipka in the far south west of Ukraine and was part of the Soviet, and then Russian missile attack warning system.
 Information from this station could be used for a launch on warning nuclear missile attack or to engage the A-135 anti-ballistic missile system.
Hantsavichy Radar Station (Russian: Ганцевичи РЛС , Belarusian: Ганцавічы РЛС ) (also described as Gantsevichi) is a Volga-type Radar near Hantsavichy (48 km from Baranavichy in Belarus).
 It is an early warning radar which is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
 It is designed to identify launches of ballistic missiles from western Europe and can also track some artificial satellites, partly replacing the demolished radar station at Skrunda in Latvia.
No. 227 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force radar station located at Yanchep, Western Australia.
 Established during World War II to provide early warning of Japanese air raids against Perth, the radar station was formed in 1942–43 and operational by late 1943.
Radar Station is a 1953 Canadian short documentary film produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as part of the "On The Spot" series made specifically for television.
 The documentary involved an account of a visit to a radar station while it is involved in a simulated air attack, and is based on first-person interviews of the staff at the radar station.
Skrunda-1, also known as Skrunda-2, is a ghost town and former Soviet radar station located 5 km (3 mi) to the north of Skrunda, in Raņķi parish, Latvia.
 It was the site of two Dnepr radar (NATO "Hen House") radar installations constructed in the 1960s.
 A Daryal radar was being built there before the collapse of the Soviet Union.
 Skrunda was strategically important to the Soviet Union as its radars covered Western Europe.
 The two barn-like radars were one of the most important Soviet early warning radar stations for listening to objects in space and for tracking possible incoming ICBMs.
Sevastopol radar station was a Soviet radar station providing early warning of ballistic missile attack.
 It is located between the Cape of Chersones and the auxiliary airfield "Chersones" (Marine Aviation of the Black Sea Fleet) in Sevastopol and was part of the Soviet missile attack warning system.
 Information from this station could be used for a launch on warning nuclear missile attack or to engage the A-135 anti-ballistic missile system.
The B-71 radar station also known as Klamath River Radar Station, Crescent City Radar Station, Trinidad Radar Station was an Army Air Force early warning station in World War II.
 It is a rare survivor of a World War II early-warning radar station.
 It was constructed as a disguise to look like a farmhouse.
 To guard against potential invasions, the U.S. Army built "farm" buildings; the cinderblock structures, complete with shingled roofs, and fake windows and dormers, housed an early-warning radar station.
 From the air, the sea, and even the road, these buildings appeared to be part of a working farm.
 In fact, they housed a diesel generator, electronic equipment, and two 50-caliber anti-aircraft guns.
 This is one of 65 that were built all along the western coast of America during World War II.
 It is located on Coastal Dr. just south of the mouth of Klamath River.
Dwarka () is a small city and a municipality of Devbhoomi Dwarka district in the state of Gujarat in northwestern India.
 It is located on the western shore of the Okhamandal Peninsula on the right bank of the Gomti River.
 In 2011 it had a population of 38,873.
 Dwarka is one of the foremost Chardhams, four sacred Hindu pilgrimage sites, and is one of the Sapta Puri, the seven most ancient religious cities in the country.
 Dwarka is often identified with the Dwarka Kingdom, the ancient kingdom of Krishna, and is believed to have been the first capital of Gujarat.
From 1949 to March 10, 1967, France's military operated within the NATO command structure, integrating its air defense system (the "Défense Aérienne du Territoire" (D.A.T.)) with that of NATO through the indirect use of American aid funds.
 Between 1953 and 1958, the D.A.T. built a radar station in an old troops shelter (in French : "abri-caverne") near the fort, called "Ouvrage "G"".
 Called ""Station Maître Radar 60/921"", it was used beginning in 1959, covering an area on the surface of three times the area of the troops shelter.
 Ouvrage "G" complemented "Ouvrage F", another D.A.T. station located at the old Fort François de Guise at Metz, while "Ouvrage H" was established as "Base aérienne" 901 Drachenbronn/"Station Maître Radar 50/921" in the former Maginot Ouvrage Hochwald.
 Ouvrage "G" was equipped with seven radar antennas installed on top of the fort.
 The principal radars are presently located on the Ballon de Servance.
Remote Radar Head Trimingham or RRH Trimingham is a TPS-77 radar station situated on the coast in the English county of Norfolk.
 The site is located on the coast road between Cromer and Mundesley, 1 kilometre east of the village of Trimingham.
 The radar station is a satellite station of RAF Neatishead (grid reference [ TG289382] ).
 This radar station is controlled and maintained by a section of Radar Technicians and Operators and supported by a team of Ground Engineers.
 Trimingham provides extensive coverage of the East coast of the United Kingdom and helps contribute to the recognised air picture and defence of the United Kingdom.
 The type 93 became operational on the site in April 1997.
