Leeds Equity Partners is a private equity firm focused on investments in the Knowledge Industries.
 The firm is investing its fifth private equity fund, Leeds Equity Partners V, L.P., the largest fund focused exclusively on investing in this sector.
 The firm's investors include a broad range of leading institutions, public and private pension plans, endowments, foundations, financial institutions, family offices and high-net-worth individuals.
Polycom is an American multinational corporation that develops video, voice and content collaboration and communication technology.
 The firm employs approximately 3,800 employees and had annual revenues of approximately $1.4 billion in 2013.
 It is the largest pure-play collaboration company in its industry.
 The company also licenses: H.264 video codecs, Siren codecs, session initiation protocol, native 1080p high-definition cameras and displays, native 720p and 1080p high-definition encoding/decoding, low-latency architecture and low bandwidth utilization, wideband advanced audio coding with low delay (AAC-LD), multichannel spatial audio with echo cancellation and interference filters to eliminate feedback from mobile devices, and inter-operation with legacy video conferencing.
 In July 2016, it was announced that the company was being taken private by private equity firm Siris Capital Group.
Court Square Capital Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions.
 Court Square was originally a captive private equity firm within Citigroup known as Citigroup Venture Capital Equity Partners.
 Court Square's investment professionals have invested over $4.5 billion in more than 150 transactions, which have returned $14 billion to date.
Mekong Capital is a Vietnam-focused private equity firm.
 Operating in Vietnam since 2001, Mekong Capital is one of the first private equity firms to engage Vietnam, and has completed 30 private equity investments in Vietnam through 4 funds with approximately 25 full-time employees.
 Mekong Capital has offices in Ho Chi Minh City, Hanoi.
 Focusing on manufacturing companies until 2005, Mekong Capital shifted its focus towards consumer-driven businesses in 2006.
 Mekong Capital is known as a private equity firm that has invested significant resources in the development of its corporate culture, and in the corporate cultures of its portfolio companies, and is the subject of several case studies.
Maxeda (formerly Vendex KBB) is a Dutch retail group that operates do it yourself stores in Belgium and the Netherlands.
 Maxeda is the result of the merger of Koninklijke Bijenkorf Beheer (KBB) and Vendex.
 Formerly it owned large Dutch department stores.
 Since 2004 Maxeda is owned by a consortium of investors led by American private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts.
Avenue Capital Group is a global investment firm focusing on distressed securities and private equity with regional teams focusing on opportunities in the United States, Europe and Asia.
 The firm operates as both a private equity firm and as a hedge fund.
 Avenue’s core strategy is focused on distressed debt and equity securities although the firm also manages investment funds that focus on long-short opportunities, real estate, and collateralized debt obligations.
 The firm manages assets valued at approximately $12 billion.
 The firm was founded by former professionals of Amroc Investments, an affiliate of the Robert M. Bass Group.
HGGC is a middle-market private equity firm based in Palo Alto, California, with over $4.25 billion of cumulative capital commitments.
 Since inception in 2007, HGGC has completed platform investments, add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with aggregate transaction value of over $12 billion, representing more than 60 individual investments with more than 46,000 portfolio company employees.
 The firm was named 2014 M&A Mid-Market Private Equity Firm of the Year by Mergers & Acquisitions magazine.
KKR & Co.
 L.P. (formerly known as Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.) is an American multinational private equity firm, specializing in leveraged buyouts, headquartered in New York City.
 The firm sponsors and manages private equity investment funds.
 The firm has completed over $400 billion of private equity transactions since its inception.
Lincolnshire Management is a private equity firm focused on investments and acquisitions in middle-market companies across a range of industries.
 In 2010, Private Equity News ranked Lincolnshire as a top ten performing private equity firm.
 Additionally, In 2011, CNN Money /Fortune Magazine ranked Lincolnshire Management as the 5th ranked private equity firm.
Manischewitz is a leading brand of kosher products based in the United States, best known for their matzo and kosher wine.
 Founded in 1888, it became a public corporation in 1923 and remained under family control until 1990, when it was bought out by a private equity firm.
 On April 7, 2014, Sankaty Advisors, an arm of private equity firm Bain Capital, bought the company from a group including investment firm Harbinger.
 It is the world's largest matzo manufacturer and one of America's largest kosher brands.
