"Shut Up, Make Love" is a song by American rock band Poison; released in 2000, it was the first single presented to radio stations from their 2000 "Crack a Smile...and More!
" album.
 The song also appears on the second promo single "Be the One" as a B-side.
 "Crack a Smile" is Poison's fifth studio album, released on March 14, 2000, and charting at #131 on The Billboard 200.
 The song was the first Poison single with lead guitarist Blues Saraceno.
A Letter From Death Row is a 1998 psychological thriller film directed by Marvin Baker and Bret Michaels, lead singer of the hard rock band Poison.
 Bret Michaels also wrote the film and starred in it.
 The film was released by Sheen Michaels Entertainment, a company created by Bret Michaels and actor Charlie Sheen.
 The film was produced by Shane Stanley and also stars Martin Sheen, Charlie Sheen, and Kristi Gibson, who was Michaels' girlfriend at the time.
Bret Michael Sychak (born March 15, 1963), professionally known as Bret Michaels, is an American singer-songwriter and musician.
 He gained fame as the lead singer of the glam metal band Poison who have sold over 50 million records worldwide and 15 million records in the United States alone.
 The band has also charted ten singles to the Top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100, including six Top 10 singles and a number-one single, "Every Rose Has Its Thorn".
Freedom of Sound is the third solo studio album by Bret Michaels, lead singer of the rock band Poison.
"Stand" is a song recorded by American band Poison, written by Richie Kotzen prior to joining the band.
 It was the 1st single from their 1993 "Native Tongue" album.
 The song reached number 15 on the Mainstream rock chart, #35 on the top 40 mainstream chart and #50 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The song also charted at number 25 on the UK Singles chart, it was also the first Poison single and music video to feature lead guitarist Richie Kotzen.
 The song fuses elements of country rock and gospel music; the album version includes the Los Angeles First A.M.E. Church choir on backing vocals.
Songs of Life is the second solo studio album by Bret Michaels, lead singer of the rock band Poison.
 The album was released April 22, 2003 and coincides with the same date of his two-year-old daughter Raine's birthday.
 The album is written and produced by Bret Michaels, Cliff Calabro and co-produced by Jeremy Rubolino.
 The music is inspired by events from Bret Michael's life.
A Letter from Death Row is the debut solo album by Bret Michaels, the lead singer of the rock band Poison.
 The album was released August 25, 1998, and is a soundtrack to the movie "A Letter from Death Row" which Bret Michaels wrote, directed and starred in.
Rock of Love with Bret Michaels is an American reality television dating game show.
 It stars Bret Michaels, the lead singer from the band Poison.
 The show closely resembles its sister show "Flavor of Love".
 The first season featured 25 women competing to be Michaels' girlfriend.
 Each week, the women face challenges, the winner of which gets to go on a date with Michaels.
 Some of the challenges were based on situations that they might encounter if chosen to be Michaels' girlfriend.
 The first season winner was 24-year-old Jes Rickleff from Naperville, Illinois.
 At the reunion, she revealed that she did not have romantic feelings for Michaels, and that she thought that he should have chosen the runner-up, Heather.
Ballads, Blues & Stories is a unique storytellers music CD from Bret Michaels, the lead singer of the rock band Poison.
 Released in 2001 it consists of Bret Michaels' solo music and Poison songs, with a recorded story before each song, about how the songs were created and written.
Rock of Love with Bret Michaels is a competition-driven reality television series starring Bret Michaels, the lead singer of the band Poison.
 The 12-episode series, which premiered July 15, 2007 on VH1 (a VSPOT online premiere showcased on July 10), was created by Cris Abrego and Mark Cronin (co-founders of the production company 51 Minds).
