Alexander Peter Stewart (October 2, 1821 – August 30, 1908) was a career United States Army officer, college professor, and a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
 He fought in many of the most significant battles in the Western Theater of the war, and briefly took command of the Army of Tennessee in 1865.
George Bibb Crittenden (March 20, 1812 – November 27, 1880) was a career United States Army officer who served in the Black Hawk War, the Army of the Republic of Texas, and the Mexican-American War, and was a general in the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War.
John Francis Regis "Jeff" Seitz (May 22, 1908 - October 10, 1978) was a career United States Army officer who retired as Deputy Commander of the First United States Army in 1966 at the grade of major general.
 Seitz graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, in 1929.
 He served in several assignments before commanding a battalion at Schofield Barracks at Oahu, Hawaii on December 7, 1941 during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
 After the United States entered the Second World War, Seitz served in important staff positions from early 1942 to late 1943.
 He was highly decorated for his service as colonel commanding the 26th United States Infantry Regiment in combat in the European Theater of World War II for most of the remainder of the war, which was especially distinguished.
Lieutenant General Charles Wilson Bagnal (April 15, 1934 – June 30, 2015) was a United States Army officer.
 He was commander of the United States Army Western Command (later United States Army Pacific), from 1985 to 1989.
 Previously he was Deputy Commanding General for Training of the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC), Deputy Superintendent at the United States Military Academy (from 1977 to 1980), Commander of the 101st Airborne Division (1981-1983), Commander of the Officer Personnel Management Directorate for the United States Army Military Personnel Center, and Special Assistant to the Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel.
 He is an alumnus of the United States Military Academy, United States Army Command & General Staff College, Georgia Tech, the United States Army War College and McLenaghan High School in Florence, South Carolina (class of 1952).
 He retired August 31, 1989, and later obtained his juris doctor from the University of South Carolina and practiced law.
 He resided in Columbia with his wife Patsy.
 Bagnal died on June 30, 2015 after a battle with leukemia.
James Birdseye McPherson (November 14, 1828 – July 22, 1864) was a career United States Army officer who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 McPherson was on the General's staff of Henry Halleck and later, of Ulysses S. Grant and was with Grant at the Battle of Shiloh.
 He was killed at the Battle of Atlanta, facing the army of his old West Point classmate John Bell Hood, who paid a warm tribute to his character.
 He was the second highest ranking Union officer killed during the war.
Jesse Lee Reno (April 20, 1823 – September 14, 1862) was a career United States Army officer who served in the Mexican–American War, the Utah War, the western frontier, and as a Union General during the American Civil War.
 Known as a "soldier's soldier" who fought alongside his men, he was killed while commanding a corps at Fox's Gap during the Battle of South Mountain.
 Reno County, Kansas, El Reno, Oklahoma, Reno, Nevada, Reno, Pennsylvania and Fort Reno in Washington, D.C. were named after him.
Reno–Tahoe International Airport (IATA: RNO, ICAO: KRNO, FAA LID: RNO) is a public and military use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of downtown Reno, in Washoe County, Nevada.
 It is the state's second busiest commercial airport after McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas.
 The Nevada Air National Guard has the 152nd Airlift Wing southwest of the airport's main terminal.
 It is named after Jesse L. Reno and Lake Tahoe.
Kaohsiung International Airport (; commonly ) (IATA: KHH, ICAO: RCKH) , also known as Kaohsiung Siaogang Airport () for the Siaogang District where it is located, is a medium-sized commercial airport in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan (ROC).
 Kaohsiung International is the second busiest Taiwanese airport, after Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport, in passenger movement.
Gustavus Woodson Smith (November 30, 1821 – June 24, 1896), more commonly known as G.W. Smith, was a career United States Army officer who fought in the Mexican-American War, a civil engineer, and a major general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
 He briefly commanded the Army of Northern Virginia from May 31 until June 1, 1862, following the wounding of General Joseph E. Johnston at the Battle of Seven Pines, and before General Robert E. Lee took command.
 Smith later served as Interim Confederate Secretary of War and in the Georgia state militia.
City of Colorado Springs Municipal Airport (IATA: COS, ICAO: KCOS, FAA LID: COS) (also known as Colorado Springs Airport) is a city-owned public civil-military airport 6 mi southeast of Colorado Springs, in El Paso County, Colorado.
 It is the second busiest commercial service airport in the state.
 Peterson Air Force Base, which is located on the north side of runway 13/31, is a tenant of the airport.
