Foster Hutchinson Jr. (d. 1815) was a member of the Nova Scotia Council and one of the Puisne judges of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia.
 He was the only son of Foster Hutchinson (judge), Sr., the nephew of Governor of Massuchsetts Thomas Hutchinson and grandchild of Governor of Nova Scotia Paul Mascarene.
 He arrived in Halifax from Boston with his father as Loyalists (1776).
 Hutchinson became a lawyer and worked under Chief Justice Thomas Andrew Lumisden Strange.
 Sir George Prévost appointed him an Assistant Justice to the Supreme Court (1809).
 He is buried in the Old Burying Ground (Halifax, Nova Scotia).
The Mount Ingino Christmas Tree is a lighting illumination in the shape of a Christmas tree that is installed annually on the slopes of Mount Ingino (Monte Ingino in Italian) outside the city of Gubbio, in Umbria region in Italy.
 The tree is also called the Gubbio Christmas Tree or "the biggest Christmas tree in the world".
 In 1991 the Guinness Book of Records named it "The World's Largest Christmas Tree".
The first official Christmas tree in the city of Chicago was installed in 1913 in Grant Park and lit on Christmas Eve by then-mayor Carter Harrison.
 This first tree was a 35 ft tall spruce tree.
 In December 1956 the official tree, though still installed in Grant Park (at Michigan Avenue and Congress Parkway), was not an individual tree.
 The tree was a combination of many smaller trees, stood 70 ft tall, and was decorated with over 4000 lights and 2000 ornaments.
 Beginning with Christmas 1966 the official Chicago Christmas tree was placed in Civic Center Plaza, now known as Daley Plaza.
 With the exception of 1981, the tree has been installed in Daley Plaza ever since.
Benjamin Green (July 1, 1713 – October 14, 1772) was a merchant, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia.
 He served as administrator for Nova Scotia in 1766 and from 1771 to 1772.
 He was born in Salem Village (later Danvers, Massachusetts), the son of the Reverend Joseph Green and Elizabeth Gerrish, and entered business with his brothers in Boston.
 In 1737, he married Margaret Pierce.
 He was secretary to William Pepperrell, who led the attack against Louisbourg in 1745, and served as treasurer for the forces from New England and secretary for the council that administered Louisbourg after its capture.
 In 1749, he went to Halifax, where he was named to Edward Cornwallis's Nova Scotia Council and also served as naval officer.
 Green was also judge in the vice admiralty court; he resigned in 1753.
 In 1750, he became secretary to the Council and provincial treasurer.
 Green was named a justice of the peace in 1760.
 While in England to assist in auditing the accounts of Peregrine Thomas Hopson, he had to defend himself against charges of assigning contracts to Malachy Salter in exchange for a share in the profits.
 He was reprimanded but allowed to retain his posts.
 During his term as administrator in 1766, he was criticized by the provincial assembly for not following the correct procedures for dealing with the provincial finances.
 Green resigned his post as provincial treasurer in 1768, citing poor health.
Christmas Island, Nova Scotia "(Scottish Gaelic: Eilean na Nollaig)" is a Canadian community of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia.
 It has a post office, a firehall and a very small population.
 It also has a beach with access to the Bras d'Or lakes, and a pond that runs into the lake.
 Christmas Island got its name because of a native that lived there whose surname was Christmas.
 He died on Ghost Island, adjacent to the beach.
 The original inhabitants of the land, the Mi'kmaw people, called the area "Abadakwichéch", which means "the small reserved portion."
Ainslie Glen (Scottish Gaelic: "Gleann nam Màgan" ) is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Inverness County on Cape Breton Island.
 In 2016, a tree on Crown Lands was chosen to become the Boston Christmas Tree.
Malachy Salter (February 28, 1715 – January 13, 1781), a Nova Scotia merchant and office-holder, was born at Boston, second son of Malachy Salter and Sarah Holmes.
 He married Susanna Mulberry, on 26 July 1744 in Boston, and they had at least 11 children.
 He died at Halifax, Nova Scotia and is buried in the Old Burying Ground (Halifax, Nova Scotia) (His son Malachi Salter (d.1752) has the oldest grave marker in the burying ground).
French Village is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Chebucto Peninsula.
 French village initially included present day villages of Tantallon, Glen Haven and French Village.
 The French that migrated to the area were French speaking families from the Principality of Montbeliard (annexed by France 1793)and known as the "Foreign Protestants".
 They had come to Nova Scotia between 1750 and 1752 to settle Lunenburg, Nova Scotia.
 Contrary to belief, they were not Huguenots.
 In 1901, the Halifax and Southwestern Railway was built through the area and the railway choose the name French Village for the station serving the three communities.
 The French Village station, actually located in Tantallon, has been preserved as a cafe beside the recreational trail that follows the old Halifax & Southwestern Railway roadbed.
The Boston Christmas Tree is the City of Boston, Massachusetts' official Christmas tree.
 A tree has been lit each year since 1941, and since 1971 it has been given to the people of Boston by the people of Nova Scotia in thanks for their assistance after the 1917 Halifax Explosion.
 The tree is lit in the Boston Common throughout the Christmas season.
Christmas tree production in Canada totals from 3 to 6 million trees annually.
 Trees are produced in many of the provinces of Canada but the nation's leading producers are found in Quebec, Nova Scotia and Ontario, which account for 80 percent of Canadian tree production.
 Of the 900,000 trees produced annually in British Columbia, most are cut from native pine stands.
