Thomas J. Kirwan (January 17, 1933 – November 28, 2011) was an American politician and member of the New York State Assembly.
 He represented the 100th Assembly District, which includes the cities of Beacon, Newburgh and Poughkeepsie, and the towns of Marlboro, Newburgh, Lloyd and Shawangunk.
 He was a native of, and lifelong resident of, the City of Newburgh, New York.
 Prior to his election to the Assembly, Kirwan served for 28 years with the New York State Police, retiring with the position of Lieutenant in the Bureau of Criminal Investigations.
 He spent four years with the New York Drug Enforcement Task Force.
Ronald Tae Sok Kim (born May 2, 1979) is an American politician from New York City.
 He serves in the New York State Assembly representing the 40th District, which includes portions of Whitestone, Flushing and Murray Hill.
 First elected in November 2012, Kim became the first and only Korean American ever elected in New York State.
 Speaker Carl Heastie appointed him as Secretary of the Majority Conference of the New York State Assembly in January 2017.
The 1937 New York state election was held on November 2, 1937, to elect a judge of the New York Court of Appeals, as well as all members of the New York State Assembly.
 Besides, delegates for the New York State Constitutional Convention, to be held in 1938, were elected, and an amendment to the State Constitution which proposed the increase of the term in office of the members of the New York State Assembly to two years, and of the statewide elected state officers (Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Comptroller, Attorney General) to four years, was accepted.
Chappaqua is a hamlet and census-designated place in the town of New Castle, in northern Westchester County, New York.
 It is on 0.45 sqmi of land on the east bank of the Hudson River, about 30 mi north of New York City.
 The hamlet is served by the Chappaqua station of the Metro-North Railroad's Harlem Line.
 In the New York State Legislature it is within the New York State Assembly's 93rd district and the New York Senate's 40th district.
 In Congress the village is in New York's 17th District.
Tottenville is the southernmost neighborhood of Staten Island, New York City and New York State, with an area of approximately 1.7 sqmi .
 Originally named "Bentley Manor" by one of its first settlers, Captain Christopher Billop (1638–1726), after a small ship he owned named the "Bentley", the district was renamed "Tottenville" in 1869, apparently in honor of the locally prominent Totten family, whose name can be seen on tombstones in one of the earliest churches, Bethel Methodist Church, on Amboy Road.
 The neighborhood is represented in the New York City Council by Joe Borelli and in the New York State Assembly by Ronald Castorina, Jr.
Alexander B. "Pete" Grannis (born 1942/1943) is a former Commissioner of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC).
 Before his tenure as Commissioner, he was a member of the New York State Assembly and represented District 65 as a member of the Democratic Party for the neighborhoods of the Upper East Side of Manhattan and Roosevelt Island.
 His firing by Governor David Paterson in October 2010 was controversial to many especially environmentalists.
Noah Nicholas "Nick" Perry (born August 1, 1950) is a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly.
 He currently represents District 58, which comprises East Flatbush, as well as portions of Canarsie and Brownsville, among other neighborhoods located in the borough of Brooklyn.
 Perry serves as the Assistant Speaker Pro Tempore of the New York State Assembly, and is the current Chair of the NYS Black, Puerto Rican, Hispanic and Asian Legislative Caucus.
 Perry also serves as the Region 2 (NY and PA) Chair of the National Black Caucus of State Legislators.
 He previously served four years as the Chairman of the New York State Association of Black & Puerto Rican Legislators.
Edward P. "Ed" Ra (born November 4, 1981) is an American politician who is a member of the New York State Assembly.
 A Long Island native, Ra was elected to represent the people of the 21st District in the New York State Assembly on November 2, 2010.
 He is a Republican whose district includes part of Nassau County, New York.
William B. "Sam" Hoyt III (born January 9, 1962) is a Democratic politician and economic development professional from New York State.
 Hoyt was a member of the New York State Assembly.
 He represented the 144th Assembly district, consisting of part of Buffalo, New York, and all of Grand Island, New York, from 1992 to 2011.
 Hoyt was first elected to succeed his late father, William Hoyt.
 He resigned from office in 2011 after being appointed to an economic development position as Regional President of the Empire State Development Corporation in New York State Governor Andrew M. Cuomo’s administration.
 He is also Interim Chairman of the Erie Canal Harbor Development Corporation, and Vice Chairman of the Buffalo and Fort Erie Public Bridge Authority.
 Sam’s career in public service reflects community-centric change.
Inez E. Dickens is the Assembly member for the 70th District of the New York State Assembly.
 She is a Democrat.
 The district includes portions of El Barrio, Hamilton Heights, Harlem, Morningside Heights, the Upper West Side and Washington Heights in Manhattan.
 She formerly served on the New York City Council from 2006 to 2016.
