Last of the Duanes is a 1941 American Western film based on the novel by Zane Grey directed by James Tinling and written by William Conselman Jr. and Irving Cummings Jr..
 The film stars George Montgomery, Lynne Roberts, Eve Arden, Francis Ford, George E. Stone and William Farnum.
 The film was released on September 26, 1941, by 20th Century Fox.
The Thundering Herd is a 1933 American pre-Code Western film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Randolph Scott, Judith Allen, Buster Crabbe, Noah Beery, Sr. and Harry Carey.
 Based on the novel "The Thundering Herd" by Zane Grey, the film is about two buffalo hunters (portrayed by Randolph Scott and Harry Carey) who face dangers with the Indians and a gang of outlaws.
 "The Thundering Herd" is a remake of the 1925 film "The Thundering Herd".
 Both Noah Beery, Sr. and Raymond Hatton, Wallace Beery's frequent screen comedy partner during the late 1920s, reprised their roles.
 The film is now in the public domain and also known as Buffalo Stampede, the title Favorite Films used in their 1950 reissue of the film.
 Hathaway directed much of the same cast (Scott, Beery, Carey and Crabbe) that same year in another Zane Grey story, "Man of the Forest".
Nevada is a 1944 western movie based on a Zane Grey novel and starring a 27-year-old Robert Mitchum, with Anne Jeffreys, Guinn "Big Boy" Williams, and Richard Martin in supporting roles.
 The film was written by Norman Houston from Grey's popular novel and directed by Edward Killy.
 Mitchum is billed with "Introducing Bob Mitchum as Jim Lacy" at the film's beginning.
 although this was not Mitchum's first movie, it was his first lead role.
Forlorn River is a 1926 American adventure silent film directed by John Waters and written by Zane Grey and George C. Hull.
 The film stars Jack Holt, Raymond Hatton, Arlette Marchal, Edmund Burns, Tom Santschi, Joseph W. Girard and Christian J. Frank.
 It is based on the novel "Forlorn River" by Zane Grey.
 The film was released on September 27, 1926, by Paramount Pictures.
Riders of the Purple Sage is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western film based upon the novel by Zane Grey, directed by Hamilton McFadden, photographed by George Schneiderman, and starring George O'Brien and Marguerite Churchill (who later married in 1933).
 The picture was released by the Fox Film Corporation with a running time of 58 minutes and remains the third of five screen versions.
 The movie was followed later the same year by a similar adaptation of the novel's sequel, "The Rainbow Trail", also starring O'Brien.
Riders of the Purple Sage is a 1996 TV-movie based on the Western novel by Zane Grey, directed by Charles Haid, adapted by Gil Dennis, and starring Ed Harris as Lassiter and Amy Madigan as Jane Withersteen.
 This TNT Original Production is the fifth screen adaptation of Grey's novel across an eight-decade span.
The Heritage of the Desert (1924) is a Western film based on the novel by Zane Grey, and starring Bebe Daniels, Ernest Torrence, and Noah Beery.
Fighting Caravans is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Otto Brower and David Burton and starring Gary Cooper, Lili Damita, and Ernest Torrence.
 Based on the 1929 novel "Fighting Caravans" by Zane Grey, the film is about a young frontier scout who helps guide a freight wagon train across the country, fighting off Indians and evil traders, while his two crusty companions try to save him from falling in love.
 Although billed as being based on the Zane Grey novel, the stories have little in common.
 The film was actually written by Agnes Brand Leahy, Edward E. Paramore, Jr., and Keene Thompson.
Sunset Pass is a 1933 American Pre-Code film based on a Zane Grey novel, directed by Henry Hathaway, and starring Randolph Scott, Tom Keene, Harry Carey, and Noah Beery.
Riders of the Purple Sage is a 1941 film based on the Western novel by Zane Grey, directed by James Tinling, and starring George Montgomery as Lassiter and Mary Howard as Jane Withersteen.
 The picture is the fourth of five screen adaptations of Grey's novel produced across an eight-decade span.
