After building multiple trials and road racing cars, Colin Chapman introduced his first 'production' car, the Lotus Mark VI, in 1952.
 The heart of the Mark VI was a space frame chassis.
 Rather than a complete car, it was available to the general public as kit, wherein the customer could install any preferred engine and gearbox, making it eligible for a wider number of formulae.
The Walt Disney World Monorail System is a public transit monorail system in operation at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, near Orlando.
 The Walt Disney World Resort currently operates twelve Mark VI monorail trains on three lines of service.
 The monorail system opened in 1971 with two routes (Magic Kingdom: Resort and Express) and with Mark IV monorail trains.
 It was expanded to three lines (Magic Kingdom: Resort and Express, plus Epcot) in 1982, and the rolling stock was updated to Mark VI trains in 1989.
The Kiwi Advanced Research and Education Network (KAREN), now known simply as the REANNZ Network, is a high-capacity, ultra high-speed national research and education network (NREN) connecting New Zealand's tertiary institutions, research organisations, libraries, schools and museums, and the rest of the world.
 REANNZ (Research and Education Advanced Network New Zealand Ltd), a Crown-owned not-for-profit company, owns and operates KAREN.
The Initiative for Interstellar Studies (i4is) was founded in London in 2012 as a not-for-profit unincorporated organisation.
 Its stated objectives are education and research into the challenges of Interstellar Travel.
 i4is was incorporated in the UK in May 2014 as a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee (Companies House number:09062458).
 Its original title of Institute for Interstellar Studies reflects the stated ambitions of the company.
The Mark VI monorail (or M-VI) is a monorail train used in the Walt Disney World Monorail System and the Las Vegas Monorail.
 The Mark VI started replacing the Mark IV monorails at Walt Disney World in 1989, replacing the final Mark IV by 1991.
 The Las Vegas M-VI versions of the trains differ from the Walt Disney World trains in both physical appearance and in that the trains are automated.
The Jaguar Mark VII is a four-door luxury car produced by Jaguar Cars of Coventry from 1951 to 1956.
 Launched at the 1950 British International Motor Show as the successor to the Jaguar Mark V, it was called the Mark VII because there was already a Bentley Mark VI on the market.
 A version of the Jaguar Mark V with the XK engine had been designated as the Mark VI, but it is thought that only two were built.
Guidance Residential LLC.
 is a U.S. based Islamic home financing company headquartered in Reston, Virginia.
 Guidance Residential is the largest Islamic home financing provider in the United States by total market share in the niche market.
 The company started operation in 2002 to provide Shariah compliant, riba-free (free of interest or usury) home financing contracts to Muslim American home buyers.
 Guidance Residential is a wholly owned subsidiary of Guidance Financial Group, which is a subsidiary of the parent company, Capital Guidance.
 The company has funded over $4.5 billion in Islamic home financing in American Muslim real estate market through its Declining Balance Co-Ownership Program.
 The Declining Balance Co-Ownership Program is a Shariah-compliant structure of home financing based on "Diminishing Musharakah" or Equity Partnership model which is a non-lending method of home financing and is unique to the Islamic home financing market in the United States.
The Continental Mark VI is a full-size luxury car that was produced by Ford Motor Company and marketed by its Lincoln division from 1980 to 1983.
 As a response to federal fuel economy standards, the Mark VI was the first model of the Mark series with smaller exterior dimensions than its predecessor.
 Sharing powertrain and many body panels with the 1980 Lincoln Continental, it was based on the then-new Ford Panther platform.
 As the flagship line of the entire Ford Motor Company, the Continental Mark VI offered some features that were not available on the Town Car.
The Las Vegas Monorail is a 3.9 mi monorail mass transit system located adjacent to the Las Vegas Strip, in Clark County, Nevada, United States.
 It connects several large casinos in the unincorporated communities of Paradise and Winchester, and does not enter the City of Las Vegas.
 It is owned and operated by the Las Vegas Monorail Company.
 In 2013, total annual ridership was roughly 4.2 million, down from a pre-Great Recession peak of 7.9 million in 2007.
 The monorail is a registered not-for-profit corporation, allowed under Nevada law since the monorail provides a public service.
 The State of Nevada assisted in bond financing, but no public money was used in construction.
The Mark IV monorail was a design model of straddle-type monorail trains.
 The design was developed by legendary Disney Imagineer Bob Gurr.
 Ten trains were built by Martin Marietta in 1969 at the cost of about $7 million USD each and they were used on the Walt Disney World Monorail System between 1971 and 1989 before they were replaced by the Mark VI monorail, although a few lasted until 1991.
 Sometime between 1991 and 1994 Monorail Coral and Lime (which had been introduced new in 1984) were sold for $3.5 million each, refurbished, and used to begin the Las Vegas Monorail operations.
 In 2004 Lime and Coral (now the MGM and Bally) were replaced by fully automated Bombardier MVI 4-car trains.
