The Ironbridge power stations (also known as the Buildwas power stations) refers to a series of two power stations which have occupied a site on the banks of the River Severn at Buildwas in Shropshire, England.
 The Ironbridge B Power Station was operated by E.ON UK but the site is now owned by Uniper.
 The station stands near the Ironbridge Gorge World Heritage Site, where the Industrial Revolution began.
 Originally powered by coal, they were converted to use 100% biomass fuel.
 Ironbridge B Power Station stopped generating electricity on 20 November 2015, with the decommissioning process expected to continue into 2017.
Kosovo A Power Station is a lignite power station with five units at Obilić, Kosovo.
 It is the second largest power station in Kosovo with capacity of 650 MW after Kosovo B Power Station.
 It is described as the worst single-point source of pollution in Europe and it is expected to be closed by 2017.
Pembroke B Power Station is a 2,000 MWe natural gas-fired power station near Pembroke in Wales.
 The power station was officially opened on 19 September 2012 and is the largest gas-fired power station in Europe.
 It is also the largest power station to be built in the UK since Drax power station came online in 1986.
 Pembroke Power Station currently generates enough power to supply 3.5 million homes and businesses.
Curlew Island is a low mangrove-dominated island located near the head of Spencer Gulf, South Australia.
 It lies between Port Augusta and Point Lowly and is adjacent to the Playford B Power Station.
 Several ships ran aground in the shallow waters surrounding the island during the late 1800s and early 1900s.
 Several recreational boating accidents have also occurred in the vicinity (some involving fatalities).
 The locality is known for its fishing and for occasional whale sightings in the winter.
Blyth Power Station (also known as Cambois Power Station) refers to a pair of now demolished coal-fired power stations, which were located on the Northumberland coast in North East England.
 The two stations were built alongside each other on a site near Cambois in Northumberland, on the northern bank of the River Blyth, between its tidal estuary and the North Sea.
 The stations took their name from the town of Blyth on the opposite bank of the estuary.
 Blyth A Power Station was built and opened first but had a smaller generating capacity than its sister station, Blyth B Power Station, which was built to its west four years later.
 The power stations' four large chimneys were a landmark of the Northumberland skyline for over 40 years; the A Station's two chimneys each stood at 140 m ; the B Station's two chimneys were taller, at 170 m each.
Dunston Power Station refers to a pair of adjacent coal-fired power stations in the North East of England, now demolished.
 They were built on the south bank of the River Tyne, in the western outskirts of Dunston in Gateshead.
 The two stations were built on a site which is now occupied by the MetroCentre.
 The first power station built on the site was known as Dunston A Power Station, and the second, which gradually replaced it between 1933 and 1950, was known as Dunston B Power Station.
 The A Station was, in its time, one of the largest in the country, and as well as burning coal had early open cycle gas turbine units.
 The B Station was the first of a new power station design, and stood as a landmark in the Tyne for over 50 years.
 From the A Station's opening in 1910 until the B Station's demolition in 1986, they collectively operated from the early days of electricity generation in the United Kingdom, through the industry's nationalisation, and until a decade before its privatisation.
Battersea Power Station is a decommissioned coal-fired power station located on the south bank of the River Thames, in Nine Elms, Battersea, an inner-city district of South West London.
 It comprises two individual power stations, built in two stages in the form of a single building.
 Battersea A Power Station was built in the 1930s, with Battersea B Power Station to the east in the 1950s.
 The two stations were built to a nearly identical design, providing the long-recognized four-chimney layout.
 The station ceased generating electricity in 1983, but over the past 50 years it has become one of the best known landmarks in London and is Grade II* listed.
 The station's celebrity owes much to numerous popular culture references, which include the cover art of Pink Floyd's 1977 album "Animals" and its appearance in the 1965 Beatles' film "Help!
"
Playford B Power Station was located at Port Paterson in the Australian state of South Australia about 5.5 km south of the city centre of Port Augusta.
 It was coal powered with four 60 MW steam turbines that generate a total of 240 MW of electricity.
 Playford B received coal by rail from the Leigh Creek Coal Mine, 280 km to the north and draws cooling water from Spencer Gulf, returning it to the sea at an elevated temperature.
 Commissioned in 1963, it was co-located with the larger, newer Northern Power Station.
 Playford B was mothballed in 2012 and its permanent closure was announced by operator Alinta Energy in October 2015.
 Prior to being mothballed it primarily operated in the summer, when electricity demand peaks.
Playford A power station was the first power station built by the Electricity Trust of South Australia at Port Paterson, South Australia near Port Augusta in South Australia.
 It was built in the early 1950s to generate electricity from coal mined from the Telford Cut at Leigh Creek and transported 250 km by rail.
 It was joined by the Playford B Power Station soon after, and the Northern Power Station in 1980.
The Rugeley power stations were a series of two coal-fired power stations located on the River Trent at Rugeley in Staffordshire.
 The first power station on the site, Rugeley A power station was opened in 1961, but has since been closed and demolished.
 Rugeley B power station was commissioned in 1970 and closed on 8 June 2016.
 It had an output of 1,000 megawatts (MW) and had a 400 kilovolt (kV) connection to the national grid.
 The B station provided enough electricity to power roughly half a million homes.
