Keegan-Michael Key (born March 22, 1971) is an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer.
 He starred in the Comedy Central sketch series "Key & Peele" (2012–2015) and co-stars in the USA Network comedy series "Playing House" (2014–present).
 He spent six seasons as a cast member on "MADtv" (2004–2009) and has made several guest appearances on the US version of "Whose Line is it Anyway?
" on The CW.
 In 2014, he also starred in the first season of the FX series "Fargo".
 In 2013–2015, he had a recurring role on the sixth and the seventh and final season of the NBC series "Parks and Recreation".
 He hosted the US version of "The Planet's Funniest Animals" on Animal Planet from 2005 until the show's end in 2008.
Stories USA (released on DVD as American Breakdown) compiles six cinematic stories about desperate lives in America, starring many of the world's top actors including Josh Hartnett, Steve Carell, James Gandolfini, Scott Caan and directed by seven different directors including Paul Carafotes.
Leadership Square is an office complex in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA.
 The complex was completed in 1984 and comprises One Leadership Square (North Tower) and Two Leadership Square (South Tower).
 One Leadership Square is taller at 308 ft and 22 stories.
 Two Leadership Square is 224 ft and 16 stories.
 They are the 10th and 19th tallest buildings in Oklahoma City, respectively.
Zach Woods (born September 25, 1984) is an American actor and comedian.
 He is best known for starring as Jared Dunn on the HBO comedy series "Silicon Valley".
 Prior to that, he was a series regular for 3 seasons on the NBC sitcom "The Office", playing the role of Gabe Lewis.
 He also recurs on the HBO series "Veep" and on the USA Network sitcom "Playing House".
Ali Badshah (full name Syed Ali Mehdi Rizvi Badshah) is a Canadian actor, writer, producer, director and comedian.
 Badshah, an observational comedian whose work often draws on his experiences growing up in and around Toronto, has also written and performed for Video on Trial and was an associate producer for MuchMusic.
 He has written and starred in five televised comedy specials for CBC, CTV, The Comedy Network, MTV and ABC2 Australia.
 Badshah created, executive produced, wrote, and starred in CBC’s first web comedy series "Bloody Immigrants".
 An alumnus of both The Second City and Yuk Yuk's, he was on the front page of the "Toronto Star" as one of the Top Ten People in the country – the only actor/comedian to ever appear on their list – and was featured on the Comedy Network's 'Nubian Disciples Special', with Russell Peters and Dave Chappelle, as part of the “next generation of great Canadian comics.”
Paul Carafotes (born March 23, 1963 in Somerville, Massachusetts) is an American actor, possibly best known for playing Harold Dyer in the television drama "Knots Landing" from 1988 to 1990.
 In 2006 Carafotes directed his first short film, "Club Soda", edited into "Stories USA".
 He has starred in many films, TV programs and commercials, and on stage.
Bu Laʻia (born as Shawn Kaui Hill in Waimanalo, Hawaii) is a Hawaiian comedian known for his use of Hawaiian pidgin and for wearing a large "afro style" wig and blacking out one of his front teeth while performing.
 He starred in a cable television show in the early 1990s and released two comic musical albums entitled "False Crack???"
 and "Hawaii's Most Wanted."
 He also attained fame—or notoriety—when he ran for governor of Hawaiʻi in 1994 (when he was too young to legally do so) and again as a member of the Natural Law Party in 2002.
 He also attracted attention when he was arrested for riding a skateboard at Honolulu International Airport.
 Bu is pidgin for "Bull".
 The name "Bu Laʻia" is a homophone of "Bull Liar", a phrase meaning "an outrageous liar".
 His name is reminiscent of the character created by Hawaiian comedian Kent Bowman, “K.K. Kaumanua” (K.K. Cow–Manure) famous for his "Pidgin English Children's Stories," although Bowman's character uses the pidgin English of an earlier generation.
Stephen Root (born November 17, 1951) is an American actor, comedian, and voice actor.
 He has starred as Jimmy James on the TV sitcom "NewsRadio", as Milton Waddams in the film "Office Space", and as the voices of Bill Dauterive and Buck Strickland in the animated series "King of the Hill".
 His other roles have included Captain K'Vada in the "" feature-length episode "", and Gordon Pibb in "".
Moose: Chapters From My Life is the 459-page autobiography by the Academy Award winning songwriter, Robert B. Sherman. "
"Moose" is a collection of fifty-four autobiographical short stories, arranged in such a way as to express a larger narrative."
 The book was edited by Sherman's younger son, Robert J. Sherman, who also provided the general layout, cover art and graphic design for the book.
 Other than certain pages in the "My Time" photographic sections of "Moose," (which were completed after the author's death on March 6, 2012) the majority of the book, including its innovative arrangement of chapters, was created during the author's lifetime and under his personal supervision.
 "Moose" was published by AuthorHouse Publishers of Bloomington, Indiana in association with AuthorSolutions, Penguin Random House Company affiliates.
 First publication of the work occurred posthumously, on November 26, 2013.
 The majority of short stories which comprise the book, were written between 1993-2004 with one or two stories having been known to exist as early as 1945.
 Although early "mock-up" versions of the book were circulated among Sherman's close friends and members of his family in 2004, according to the editor's introductory chapter, "About Moose", mass publication had to be delayed "for reasons too cumbersome to delve into here."
 Both the book and its author were credited in the 2013 Walt Disney film release, "Saving Mr. Banks" which starred Academy Award winning actors Emma Thompson and Tom Hanks.
 Actor BJ Novak portrayed a young Robert Sherman in the film.
 Several scenes from the film drew direct inspiration from "Moose".
 This was done with the author's consent.
Luis Manuel Ávila (was born in January 30, in Mexico City) is a Mexican actor, comedian and singer of film and television who is best known for his roles of "Tomás Mora" in "La fea más bella" and "Junior P. Luche" in "La familia P. Luche".
 Was named best actor in the First Festival of University Theatre UNAM He has worked in different performing activities since 1991.
 Theater: "Esperando al Zurdo" "Macbeth & Co" "Romeo y Julieta" "Don Juan Tenorio" "Yo Madre Yo Hija" "Politico de Alcoba" and more, at this moment "La Caja".
 Film: "Divina Confusión" El Octavo Pasajero" "Aspiración" "Debo No Niego" "En La Tierra".
 TV: "La Fea Más Bella" "Camaleones" "Las Tontas No Van Al Cielo" "Triunfo del Amor" "Por Ella Soy Eva" and actually "La Familia Peluche season 3" He has a career as a comedian since 1995 with his characters Librado, Junior, Tomás and Zamora.
 Lately he has focused his career into the world music with his two albums "Biografía" and actually "El Riesgo" as part of the duet LOS LUISES who are visiting throughout Mexico and various cities in USA.
