Alcove Entertainment is an independent film production and finance company, based in the UK and the UAE.
 Alcove Entertainment has occasionally acted as a distributor for its own films.
 The company was founded by Amina Dasmal and Robin Fox in 2005.
Reginald Poynton Baker, MC, FCA, FRSA, (19 July 1896 – 31 January 1985), was a British film producer and a major contributor to the development of the British film industry.
Robin Fox MC (15 July 1913 – 20 January 1971) was an English actor, theatrical agent, and chairman of the English Stage Company, best remembered as the founder of a family of actors.
 His sons are James, Edward, and Robert Fox.
 His grandchildren include Emilia, Laurence, Jack, Freddie, and Lydia Fox.
The Robin Fox family is a family with several members in the acting and related professions over a number of generations.
 Robin Fox (1913–1971), an actor and theatrical agent, and his wife Angela Muriel Darita Worthington, actress and daughter of the English playwright Frederick Lonsdale, had three sons: the actors James and Edward Fox, and Robert, who became a theatrical agent.
 Their grandchildren include the actors Emilia, Laurence, and Lydia Fox.
 Robin Fox was the grandson of Samson Fox (1838–1903), a British engineer, industrialist, and philanthropist.
Louie Olivos, Jr., eldest son to Don Lewis Olivos Sr. & Dona Phoebe Gamez Cisneros Olivos, is an actor, promoter, producer, director and playwright from Santa Ana, California.
 He studied film at Santa Ana College the University of Southern California and under Stella Adler and is a Screen Actors Guild (SAG) member.
 He and his family once owned the Princess, West Coast Theater, and Yost Theater in Historic Downtown Santa Ana and showcased Classical Mexican Cinema there for nearly a half of a century throughout Orange County.
 As an entertainment producer and promoter, he brought Antonio Aguilar, Cantinflas, Vicente Fernández, Juan Gabriel, Pedro Infante; as a rock and roll promoter he brought Sonny & Cher, Wolfman Jack and Tina Turner among many other celebrities to Santa Ana.
 Through his promotion company called Estrellas de Mexico, he showcased and booked Yolanda Del Rio, Yuri, Pedro Armendáriz & Los Tigres del Norte.
 In 1971, he founded "Teatro Los Actores de Santa Ana" and has been active with his troupe around Los Angeles theater houses, including the Ricardo Montalbán Theater and Stella Adler Theater in Hollywood; this troupe is the oldest Latino actor's group in Orange County.
Leroy Charles Griffith (born March 26, 1932) is an American theater and nightclub proprietor, former Broadway theater producer, and film producer.
 He has owned, leased, or operated more than 60 adult entertainment theaters across the United States, dating from the burlesque era of the 1950s to present day nightclubs.
 During burlesque's heyday, he was a prolific producer of live stage shows featuring showgirls, strippers, comedians, and other stars of the era.
Lee Kyung-kyu (born August 1, 1960) is a South Korean actor, comedian, MC, film producer, and screenwriter.
 He was the highest paid entertainer on the KBS network in 2010, with earnings of ₩535 million .
Raghavendra Rajkumar is an Indian film producer and former actor in Kannada cinema.
 He is the second son of actor Rajkumar and film producer Parvathamma.
 He made his film debut as a lead actor in "Chiranjeevi Sudhakara" (1988) before appearing the hugely successful 1989 film "Nanjundi Kalyana".
 Following this, he had a largely forgettable career, and retired from acting in 2004.
 He has since produced three films under Vajreshwari Combines.
 His son Vinay Rajkumar is an actor.
Kory Neely, better known as MC Shadow is a Canadian rapper, actor, music & film producer and author, who achieved fame for being the first white rapper in Canadian musical history (second only to the Beastie Boys internationally).
 His group Get Loose Crew was the first Canadian rap group to produce a mini LP and the first to effect international sales.
 Neely also had a brief solo career and worked with R&B singer Kaye Sergeant after The Get Loose Crew split ways in 1990.
Emmet Dalton MC (4 March 1898 – 4 March 1978) was an Irish soldier and film producer.
 He served in the British Army in the First World War, reaching the rank of acting Captain However, on his return to Ireland he became one of the senior figures in the Dublin Brigade of the guerrilla Irish Republican Army which fought against British rule in Ireland.
