Saša Ognenovski (Macedonian: Саша Огненовски ; born 3 April 1979) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a central defender, who last played for Sydney FC in the A-League and the Australia national team, and is the vice captain of the former.
 In 2010, he was named Asian Footballer of the Year, won a position in the K-League Best XI, and won the AFC Champions League with Seongnam.
 These achievements led to his inclusion in the Australian squad for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup.
Paul Gallen (born 14 August 1981) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer and heavyweight boxer who currently captains the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks of the National Rugby League.
 He is a former captain and representative of the New South Wales State of Origin team.
 He has also been the vice captain of the Australian national team and has played his whole NRL career to date with the Sharks, with whom he won the 2016 NRL Premiership.
The 2016–17 New Zealand Football Championship season (currently known as the Stirling Sports Premiership for sponsorship reasons) will be the thirteenth season of the NZFC since its establishment in 2004.
 Ten teams will compete this season with the addition of Eastern Suburbs AFC and Tasman United, and with WaiBOP United replaced by Hamilton Wanderers.
Broome Eric Pinniger (December 28, 1902 – December 30, 1996) was an Indian field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and 1932 Summer Olympics.
 In 1928 he was vice captain of the Indian field hockey team, which won the gold medal.
 He played five matches as halfback and scored one goal.
 Four years later he was again vice captain of the Indian field hockey team, which won the gold medal.
 He played two matches as halfback.
 He was born in Saharanpur, India.
 He studied at Oak Grove School, Mussoorie.
Hamilton Wanderers Association Football Club is a semi-professional association football club in Hamilton, New Zealand.
 They compete in the Lotto Sport Italia NRFL Premier.
 Notable former players include Chris Wood – (Leeds Utd, formerly of West Bromwich Albion) and Marco Rojas – ( Melbourne Victory).
 They also compete in the ISPS Handa Premiership the top flight of association football in New Zealand due to WaiBop United passing their licence to compete on to them.
Beverley "Bev" Anne Brentnall (born 1936 in Auckland, New Zealand) is the first woman to have captained New Zealand in a women's one-day international, an event which happened in 1973.
 Three of the five ODIs in which Brentnall captained were won by her team.
 Brentnall, who was a wicketkeeper/batsman, also played in ten women's Test matches.
 As Vice Captain, Brentnall helped lead the 1972 New Zealand team that won the first ever test victory over Australia.
 She was Captain of the North Shore Association team that won both North Island and New Zealand championships.
The 2014 season was IFK Göteborg's 109th in existence, their 82nd season in Allsvenskan and their 38th consecutive season in the league.
 They competed in Allsvenskan where they finished second, Svenska Cupen where they were knocked out in the quarter-finals and the UEFA Europa League where they were knocked out in the third qualifying round.
 IFK Göteborg also participated in one competition in which the club continued playing in for the 2015 season, 2014–15 Svenska Cupen.
 The season began with the group stage of Svenska Cupen on 1 March, league play started on 30 March and lasted until 1 November.
 A new captain was announced since former captain Tobias Hysén left the squad.
 Vice captain Mattias Bjärsmyr took over the captaincy.
Syeda Nain Fatima Abidi (born 23 May 1985 in Karachi; Urdu: ) is an international cricketer from Pakistan.
 She is a right-handed batsman with good footwork and can bowl too.
 Abidi holds the all-time record of being first Pakistani player to score a century in women’s one-day internationals.
 Abidi is a Syed.
 Abidi was vice captain of the Pakistan women cricket team and is vice captain of her club Ztbl from 2008.
Balbir Singh Dosanjh (born 10 October 1924) is a former hockey player from India.
 He is a three time Olympic gold champion having played a key role in India's wins in London (1948), Helsinki (1952) (as Vice Captain), and Melbourne (1956) (as Captain) Olympics.
 He has been called the greatest hockey player ever, a modern-day Dhyan Chand, a legend of the sport and is widely regarded as the sport's greatest ever centre-forward.
 His Olympic record for most goals scored by an individual in an Olympic men's hockey final remains unbeaten.
 Singh set this record when he scored five goals in India's 6–1 victory over the Netherlands in the gold medal game of the 1952 Olympic Games.
 He is often called Balbir Singh Senior to distinguish him from other Indian hockey players named Balbir Singh.
The Colors X-Factors (Nepali: कलर्स एक्स-फ्याक्टर्स ) is a cricket team that represents in the Nepal Premier League.
 Gyanendra Malla, vice captain of Nepal national cricket team, is the captain of the team, whereas Manzoor Alam is the head coach.
 The team is owned by Teletalk Private Limited.
