The Judicature Act is an Act of the New Zealand Parliament passed in 1908, to provide for a system of appellate courts.
 It was largely repealed as of 1 March 2017 by the Senior Courts Act 2016 and other Acts as part of a Judicature modernisation package.
 It will be repealed as a whole on 1 January 2018 when remaining provisions of the new Acts come into force.
The Black Act (9 Geo.
 1 c. 22) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain passed in 1723 in response to a series of raids by two groups of poachers, known as the Blacks.
 Arising in the aftermath of the South Sea Bubble's collapse and the ensuing economic downturn, the Blacks gained their name from their habit of blacking their faces when undertaking poaching raids.
 They quickly demonstrated both "a calculated programme of action, and a conscious social resentment", and their activities led to the introduction of the Black Act to Parliament on 26 April 1723; it came into force on 27 May.
 The Act introduced the death penalty for over 50 criminal offences, including being found in a forest while disguised, and "no other single statute passed during the eighteenth century equalled [the Black Act] in severity, and none appointed the punishment of death in so many cases".
 Following a criminal law reform campaign in the early 19th century, it was largely repealed on 8 July 1823, when a reform bill introduced by Robert Peel came into force.
The Income Tax Act 1952 (c 10) was a United Kingdom Act of Parliament concerning income tax.
 It is now largely repealed, and replaced by the Income Tax (Trading and Other Income) Act 2005.
The Schism Act (13 Ann., c. 7) was a 1714 Act of the Parliament of Great Britain.
 The Act stipulated that anyone who wished to keep a public or private school, or act as tutor, must first be granted a licence from a bishop.
 Also, he must conform to the liturgy of the Church of England and to have taken in the past year the rites of that Church.
 The Act was aimed against Dissenter schools (dissenting academies), but on the day the Act was due to come into force, Queen Anne died and the Act was never enforced.
 Upon the Hanoverian succession in 1714 and the subsequent supremacy of the Whig party, the Act was repealed by the Religious Worship Act 1718.
The 1 Jac 1 c 8, commonly known as the Statute of Stabbing, was an Act of the Parliament of England enacted during the reign of James I and repealed in 1828.
 It provided that if any person stabbed "any person that hath not any weapon drawn or that hath not then first stricken the party", and they died within six months as a result, was to suffer the death penalty without being permitted benefit of clergy, as in cases of willful murder.
 The Act was repealed by section 1 of the Offences against the Person Act 1828 and section 125 of the Criminal Law (India) Act 1828.
The Fisheries Act 1983 is an Act of Parliament in New Zealand.
 An important provision of the Act was establishing the Quota Management System, one of the first individual fishing quota systems.
 The Act was largely repealed with the passage of the Fisheries Act 1996.
Rhythm For Sale is biography about the life and times of performer, choreographer, director Leonard Harper.
 Rhythm For Sale chronicles Harper rise from an unknown child performer to Broadway's top black theater director.
 In 1921 the Schubert Brothers signed Harper with his partner and future wife Blanks to be the first Black act to tour the all-white Schubert circuit of theaters.
 In 1923 Leonard Harper showcases his Cabaret Floorshows and black musical comedies in Harlem's Cotton Club and his mainstay Connie's Inn and the Lafayette Theater.
 The tome details how Leonard Harper and black filmmaker Oscar Micheaux direct the first all-black talkie motion picture "The Exile" in 1931 and all of his works inaugurating the Apollo Theater and the main in-house producer/director.
 "Rhythm For Sale" explores Leonard Harper's downfall as his work becomes limited to just small-time Harlem nightclubs.
 His 1943 death from a heart attack while rehearsing his Harperettes chorus line is revealed and his funeral at the Abyssinian Baptist Church is surveyed.
"Rhythm For Sale" was authored by Leonard Harper's grandson Grant Harper Reid.
 The book is in the non-fiction genre and was published by Grant Harper Reid/Createspace.
 The media type is in both print and E-book.
 Rhythm For Sale has a total of 300 pages and the revised edition was published on August 11, 2014.
 ISBN
The Statute Law (Ireland) Revision Act 1872 (35 & 36 Vict c 98) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which repealed, as to Ireland, certain Acts of the Parliament of England which had been extended to Ireland royal writs or acts of the Parliament of Ireland down to Poynings' Law (1495).
 The act was intended, in particular, to make the revised edition of the statutes already published applicable to Ireland.
 The repeals largely mirrored those made for England and Wales by the Statute Law Revision Act 1863.
 The Statute Law (Ireland) Revision Act 1878 repealed acts of the Parliament of Ireland.
The Making of Bread, etc.
 Act 1800 (41 Geo.
 III c. 16), also known as the Brown Bread Act or the Poison Act, was a British Act of Parliament that prohibited millers from producing any flour other than wholemeal flour.
 The Act was introduced as one of a series of measures to deal with a severe food shortage, caused at least partly by the poor wheat harvest of 1799.
 Labourers and their families at that time lived very largely on bread, the price of which could account for more than half of their weekly wages.
 The Act proved to be very unpopular, and impossible to enforce.
 So concerned was the government by the civil unrest that resulted, the Act was repealed after less than two months.
 One account from Horsham, in Sussex, demonstrates the depth of public feeling:
The Industrial Relations Act 1971 (c.72) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, since repealed.
 It was based on proposals outlined in the governing Conservative Party's manifesto for the 1970 general election.
 The goal was to stabilize industrial relations by forcing concentration of bargaining power and responsibility in the formal union leadership, using the courts.
 The act was intensely opposed by unions, and helped undermine the government of Edward Heath.
 It was repealed in 1974 when the Labour Party returned to government.
