A legatus (anglicised as legate) during the empire period could refer to a military governor, general, or colonel in the Roman army, equivalent to a modern high ranking general officer.
 Being of senatorial rank, he was a deputy to his immediate superior, who may have been the emperor or other high official.
 Some commanded as the military or imperial governor of a Roman province.
 He outranked all military tribunes (equivalent to a major, the base rank of a praetorian).
 A legate could be invested with propraetorian "imperium" ("legatus pro praetore") in his own right.
Warburton is a mid-sized town in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
 It is about 15 km north of Nankana Sahib and 30 km southeast of Sheikhupura.
 The town was named by or after John Paul Warburton (1840-1919), a high ranking police officer of the Raj period.
 The Warburtons were a prominent Anglo-Indian family but John Paul was adopted, originally being called Jan Dad Khan (see http://www.royalark.net/Afghanistan/warburto.htm).
 His residence at that time was turned to a high school which is still functional.
 This area is surrounded by textile industries.
 There is a police station, a post office and a girl's college.
 The main business in Warburton is rice.
James A. "Jay" Rasulo was the Senior Executive VP and CFO of The Walt Disney Company.
 On June 30, 2015, Christine McCarthy was announced as his successor.
 Prior to being appointed CFO, he was chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts from October 2005 until December 2009 when he switched positions with Thomas O. Staggs.
 He was made the president of the theme park division in September 2002, replacing Paul Pressler.
The Deputy Secretary of State of the United States is the principal deputy to the Secretary of State.
 If the Secretary of State resigns or dies, the Deputy Secretary of State becomes Acting Secretary of State until the President nominates and the Senate confirms a replacement.
 The position was created in 1972.
 Prior to July 13, 1972, the Under Secretary of State had been the second ranking officer of the Department of State.
 The position is held by John J. Sullivan.
Historically-speaking, in the former Worldwide Church of God an "evangelist" was a high ranking minister under governance of the Pastor General (also acknowledged to be an "apostle"), Herbert W. Armstrong from 1934 to 1986, then under Joseph W. Tkach, from 1986 until his death in 1995.
 Higher ranking positions (to that of "evangelist") being; "apostle" (first) and then "prophet" (second) as stated in Ephesians 4:11.
 In the WCG, which was later renamed and is today known as Grace Communion International, the biblical term "evangelist" is no longer used as a ministerial title, although certain denominations with roots in the former WCG organization, such as the Living Church of God and the Philadelphia Church of God, still use the term.
Sophie Ferguson (born 19 March 1986, in Sydney) is a former Australian professional tennis player.
 Ferguson has won nine ITF Women's Circuit titles and has played on the WTA Tour.
 She reached a career high ranking in singles of World number 109 on 19 July 2010.
 High ranking in doubles of World number 148 on 8 October 2007.
 She retired from tennis in 2012.
ABC, Inc.
 DBA the Disney–ABC Television Group (simply Disney–ABC), formerly known as Capital Cities/ABC Inc., is a subsidiary holdings company that manages all of The Walt Disney Company's Disney and ABC-branded television properties.
 The group includes the ABC Television Network (including ABC Daytime, ABC Entertainment, and ABC News divisions), as well as Disney's A&E Television Networks and its 80% controlling stake in ESPN, Inc.
 While holding the controlling stake in ESPN, Disney–ABC and ESPN operate as separate units of Disney Media Networks.
Yukimitsu Kano is a high ranking practitioner of judo, and was the fourth president of the Kodokan and the President of the All Japan Judo Federation.
 He was the son of Risei Kano and grandson of the founder of Judo Jigoro Kano.
 He served from 1980 to 1995 as the President of the Judo Union of Asia.
 He is an advocate of Kodokan Judo over the International Judo Federation.
Nóra Köves (born 13 June 1971) is a former Hungarian tennis player.
 She won a total of four singles and ten doubles ITF titles during her career and on 24 May 1999 reached a singles ranking high of world number 181.
 On 7 June 1999, Köves achieved a career doubles high ranking of world number 138.
Robert Allen Iger ( ; born February 10, 1951) is an American businessman who is chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of The Walt Disney Company.
 Before Disney, Iger served as the president of ABC Television from 1994 to 1995 and the president and chief operating officer (COO) of Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. from 1995 until Disney's acquisition of the company in 1996.
 He was named president and COO of Disney in 2000, and later succeeded Michael Eisner as CEO in 2005, after a successful effort by Roy E. Disney to shake up the management of the company.
 As part of his yearly compensation, Iger earned $44.9 million in 2015.
