The Swallow Bluff Island Mounds (40HR16) is a Mississippian culture archaeological site located near Saltillo on an island in the Tennessee River in Hardin County, Tennessee.
The Adams Site (15FU4) is a Mississippian culture archaeological site located near Hickman in Fulton County, Kentucky,on Bayou de Chien, a creek that drains into the nearby Mississippi River.
 The 7.25-hectare site is built over the remains of a Late Woodland village.
 It has a central group of platform mounds around a central plaza and another smaller plaza area to the southwest of the largest mound.
 The site was occupied from 1100 to 1500 CE during the Medley (1100 to 1300) and Jackson (1300 to 1500) phases of the local chronology.
 Some very deep midden areas have been excavated from the village surrounding the mounds and plazas, some as deep as 1 m to 1.5 m thick, attesting to the long term habitation of this site.
The Kincaid Mounds Historic Site (11MX2-11; 11PO2-10)   1050-1400 CE, is the site of a city from the prehistoric Mississippian culture.
 One of the largest settlements of the Mississippian culture, it was located at the southern tip of present-day U.S. state of Illinois.
 Kincaid Mounds has been notable for both its significant role in native North American prehistory and for the central role the site has played in the development of modern archaeological techniques.
 The site had at least 11 substructure platform mounds (ranking fifth for mound-culture pyramids).
 Artifacts from the settlement link its major habitation and the construction of the mounds to the Mississippian period, but it was also occupied earlier during the Woodland period.
The Brick Church Mound and Village Site (40DV39) (also known as the Love Mounds and the Brick Church Pike Mound Site) is a Mississippian culture archaeological site located in Nashville in Davidson County, Tennessee.
 It was excavated in the late nineteenth century by Frederic Ward Putnam.
 During excavations in the early 1970s the site produced a unique cache of ceramic figurines very similar in style to Mississippian stone statuary which are now on display at the Frank H. McClung Museum.
 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on May 7, 1973 as NRIS number 73001759 although this did not save the site from being almost totally destroyed by residential development.
Wickliffe Mounds (15 BA 4) is a prehistoric, Mississippian culture archaeological site located in Ballard County, Kentucky, just outside the town of Wickliffe, about 3 mi from the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers.
 Archaeological investigations have linked the site with others along the Ohio River in Illinois and Kentucky as part of the Angel Phase of Mississippian culture.
 Wickliffe Mounds is controlled by the State Parks Service, which operates a museum at the site for interpretation of the ancient community.
 Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, it is also a Kentucky Archeological Landmark and State Historic Site.
The Little Egypt site (9 MU 102) was an archaeological site located in Murray County, Georgia, near the junction of the Coosawattee River and Talking Rock Creek.
 The site originally had three platform mounds surrounding a plaza and a large village area.
 It was destroyed during the construction of the Dam of Carters Lake in 1972.
 It was situated between the Ridge and Valley and Piedmont sections of the state in a flood plain.
 Using Mississippian culture pottery found at the site archaeologists dated the site to the Middle and Late South Appalachinian Mississippian culture (a regional variation of the Mississippian culture) habitation from 1300 to 1600 CE during the Dallas, Lamar, and Mouse Creek phases.
Moundville Archaeological Site, also known as the Moundville Archaeological Park, is a Mississippian culture site on the Black Warrior River in Hale County, near the city of Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
 Extensive archaeological investigation has shown that the site was the political and ceremonial center of a regionally organized Mississippian culture chiefdom polity between the 11th and 16th centuries.
 The archaeological park portion of the site is administered by the University of Alabama Museums and encompasses 185 acre , consisting of 29 platform mounds around a rectangular plaza.
The Beasley Mounds Site (40SM43) (also known as the Dixon Springs Mound Site) is a Mississippian culture archaeological site located at the confluence of Dixon Creek and the Cumberland River near the unincorporated community of Dixon Springs in Smith County, Tennessee.
 The site was first excavated by amateur archaeologists in the 1890s.
 More examples of Mississippian stone statuary have been found at the site than any other in the Middle Tennessee area.
 The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Obion Mounds (40 HY 14), also known as the "Work Farm Site", is an archaeological site of the Mississippian culture located north of Paris, Henry County, Tennessee, on the north fork of the Obion River.
 The site is the largest Mississippian site in western Tennessee and was probably inhabited by 1000 to 1100 CE.
 and abandoned by 1300.
 It consists of seven platform mounds surrounding a plaza measuring 200 ft by 900 ft .
 The largest mound at the site was 500 ft wide by 30 ft tall with a ramp leading to its summit.
 At one point the mounds and plaza were surrounded with a wooden palisade.
 The site also has 2 depressions thought to be borrow pits from which the soil to construct the mounds was taken.
 In 1845 the owner of the site, Solomon Hartsfield, was digging in one of the borrow pits when he discovered a stone statue.
 The statue was later damaged in a house fire during the late 19th century and only its head now remains.
 It is the only Mississippian site in western Tennessee to have produced such a statue.
The Marshall Site (15CE27) is an Early Mississippian culture archaeological site located near Bardwell in Carlisle County, Kentucky, on a bluff spur overlooking the Mississippi River floodplain.
 The site was occupied from about 900 to about 1300 CE during the James Bayou Phase of the local chronology and was abandoned sometime during the succeeding Dorena Phase.
 Its inhabitants may have moved to the Turk Site, which is located on the nearest adjacent bluff spur to the south, and which was founded about this time.
 It is several miles south of the Wickliffe Mounds Site.
 Marshall is a large village site, with evidence of once having had mounds and earthworks, although it is unclear from what time period these mounds would date.
 It is one of the few James Bayou Phase sites to be extensively excavated.
 Because it was abandoned.
 its archaeological features were undisturbed by later occupations.
