Luciano Valero is a Venezuelan politician.
 He was the appointed Governor of Barinas from 1959 to 1964, and again from 1969 to 1973.
 He was appointed Governor of the Federal District of Venezuela by President Luis Herrera Campins in the early 1980s.
 He also served in the cabinet of Luis Herrera Campins, as Minister of Agriculture (1979–1981) and Minister of Interior and Justice (1982–1984).
Joseph F. Flores (August 12, 1900 – December 18, 1981) was the fourth civilian appointed Governor of Guam, and was the first Chamorro to hold the office.
 He also founded the island's first locally owned newspaper, the "Guam Daily News" (later becoming the Pacific Daily News), which was the only local newspaper until 1966.
 He enjoyed success running many publications before being appointed Governor by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1960.
 As Governor, Flores pushed for increased self-governance in Guam, resigning in 1961.
 After his Governorship, Flores founded other businesses and became involved in numerous community organizations.
 He was a Knight of St. Sylvester.
Theodore Sutton Parvin was born on the 15th of January, 1817, in Cumberland County, New Jersey.
 In 1833 he graduated at Woodworth College, Ohio, and began the study of law, graduating at the Cincinnati Law School in 1837.
 In 1838 Robert Lucas, who had been appointed Governor of the new Territory of Iowa, selected Mr. Parvin for his private secretary.
 He accompanied the Governor to Burlington where he was appointed to take charge of the Territorial library.
 In 1839 Mr. Parvin was appointed District Attorney of the middle District and removed to Bloomington.
 He served three terms as probate judge.
 In 1844 he rendered Iowa an enduring service by cooperating with Enoch W. Eastman and Frederick D. Mills in defeating the Constitution which proposed to deprive the State of the counties of the Missouri slope.
 Upon the organization of the United States District Court in 1846 Mr. Parvin was appointed clerk, a position he held ten years.
 In 1857 he was nominated for Register of the State Land Office by the Democrats and, notwithstanding the Republican majority of more than 2,000 in the election for Governor the same year, Mr. Parvin was elected.
 He was one of the first trustees of the State University and was for ten years professor of natural science in that institution.
 He was one of the organizers of the State Historical Society and served several years as its secretary and as editor of the "Annals of Iowa", an historical magazine published by the society.
 Mr. Parvin made large contributions to the library, newspaper files and general collections of that Society, and for more than thirty years was one of the most valued writers of historical and biographical articles for the "Annals of Iowa" and the "Historical Record".
 Having been one of the first officials of the Territory and long associated with its public affairs, personally acquainted with prominent men of all parties for more than sixty years, Mr. Parvin was long regarded the highest authority on Iowa history and biography.
 He was one of the founders of the Masonic Order of Iowa and has been Grand Master and Grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge of the State many years.
 In his capacity as secretary he collected at their building at Cedar Rapids the most extensive Masonic library in the world.
 He also collected and donated to the library a more complete collection of Iowa books and rare documents than is possessed by any other library.
 Mr. Parvin's contributions of early Iowa newspapers, legislative journals and session laws, long out of print and other rare publications to the State and Historical libraries have been continuous and exceedingly valuable.
 He was one of the most valued members of the Pioneer Lawmakers' Association and his historical contributions to that organization have been of great value.
 His writings and addresses on historical subjects relating to Iowa for half a century would fill several volumes.
 He died at his home at Cedar Rapids, June 28, 1901.
James Rumsey Beverley (June 15, 1894 – June 17, 1967) was a United States lawyer and politician, appointed as Attorney General of Puerto Rico, serving 1927-1932.
 During this period, he was appointed as acting governor of Puerto Rico in 1929 and in January 1932, he was appointed Governor by President Herbert Hoover and served through 1933.
 He was the only non-Puerto Rican appointee of 15 from 1900 to 1952 who could speak Spanish before going there.
Jean-Michel de Lepinay was the governor of the French colony of Louisiana (New France) from 1717 to 1718.
 Before serving as governor, Lepinay had been a naval officer and served over twenty years in Canada.
 He was appointed governor by Antoine Crozat, the royally appointed administrator of the colony.
 Lepinay came to the colony with a new Commissary-Commissioner, fifty new colonists, and three companies of infantry.
 However, Lepinay soon found himself at odds with Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville, twice governor and an influential leader in the colony.
 Failing to show any improvement over the administration of the former governor, Sieur de Cadillac, Lepinay was replaced as governor by Bienville after Crozat successfully petitioned to be released from his agreement to develop the colony.
In India, a governor is the constitutional head of each of the twenty-nine states.
 The governor is appointed by the President of India for a term of five years, and holds office at the President's pleasure.
 The governor is "de jure" head of the state government; all its executive actions are taken in the governor's name.
 However, the governor must act on the advice of the popularly elected council of ministers, headed by the chief minister, who thus hold "de facto" executive authority at the state-level.
 The Constitution of India also empowers the governor to act upon his or her own discretion, such as the ability to appoint or dismiss a ministry, recommend President's rule, or reserve bills for the President's assent.
 Over the years, the exercise of these discretionary powers have given rise to conflict between the elected chief minister and the central government–appointed governor.
 The union territories of Andaman and Nicobar, Delhi and Puducherry are headed by lieutenant-governors.
In the Republic of India, a governor is the constitutional head of each of the twenty-nine states.
 The governor is appointed by the President of India for a term of five years, and holds office at the President's pleasure.
 The governor is "de jure" head of the state government; all its executive actions are taken in the governor's name.
 However, the governor must act on the advice of the popularly elected council of ministers, headed by the chief minister, who thus hold "de facto" executive authority at the state-level.
 The Constitution of India also empowers the governor to act upon his or her own discretion, such as the ability to appoint or dismiss a ministry, recommend President's rule, or reserve bills for the President's assent.
 Over the years, the exercise of these discretionary powers have given rise to conflict between the elected chief minister and the central government–appointed governor.
Baron François-Xavier Donzelot (7 January 1764, Mamirolle – 11 June 1843) was a French general and a Governor of the Ionian Islands and Martinique.
 He was the son of François Donzelot and Jeanne–Baptiste Maire and had a brother named Joseph.
 He became a general of the French army in March 1801.
 Months later, he signed the surrender of Egypt to British forces.
 He then returned to France where he served in various high-echelon positions in Napoleon's army.
 Subsequently, he was appointed to serve as the head of the French garrison in Corfu and the Ionian Islands from 1807 to 1814.
 As governor, he resided in Corfu, where his gentle demeanour and mild manners made him popular with the Corfiotes.
 In 1808, he was named Baron of the Empire.
 In 1815, he was a divisional commander of Napoleon's forces at the Battle of Waterloo, during the 100-day return of Napoleon.
 After the defeat at Waterloo, he lost his position and did not work until 1817 when he was appointed governor of Martinique.
Said Fazal Akbar was the first Governor of Kunar province in Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban in 2001.
 He was an ex-Mujahideen who was running a clothing store in Oakland, California when he was appointed Governor by President Hamid Karzai.
 His governorship is chronicled in the book by his son, Hyder Akbar, "Come Back to Afghanistan, A California Teenager's Story"
Adnan Yılmaz (born 1954) is a Turkish bureaucrat who served as the 7th Governor of Düzce between 2012 and 2013, appointed by President Abdullah Gül on the recommendation of the Turkish Government.
 He also served as the chief inspector of the Civil Service before being appointed Governor and worked at the Interior Ministry as the Head of Strategy Development.
 He is a former "Kaymakam" (Sub-Governor of a district)
