Gurney's bank was a well-respected family-run bank founded by members of the Gurney family in 1770 and headquartered in Norwich, England.
 It merged into Barclays Bank in 1896.
Paragon Software Corporation or just Paragon Software was a video games developer that was founded in 1985 by Mark E. Seremet and Antony Davies.
 Paragon released its first game in 1987 and is primarily known for their work on role-playing video games based on Marvel Comics franchises and GDW role-playing settings.
 They released titles on the following platforms; ZX Spectrum, Amiga, PC:DOS, Atari ST and Commodore 64.
 Paragon Software was published through MicroProse, and was based out of Greensburg, Pennsylvania, United States.
 MicroProse acquired Paragon outright in July, 1992.
 As part of MicroProse, the Paragon team developed Challenge of the Five Realms and BloodNet.
 Soon after, many of the former Paragon principals moved on to co-found or work for Take-Two Interactive, and what was once Paragon ceased to exist.
The former community of Paragon was located in Cedar County, NE about 4.5 miles northeast of Hartington, NE.
 It was called a community because its cemetery, school, mill, post office and store were located within a radius of about one mile of one another.
 The Paragon Cemetery is the only part of the community remaining today.
Gurney's Seed and Nursery Co. is a mail-order seed and garden plant company based in Greendale, Indiana.
 Founded in 1866, Gurney's specializes in vegetable and flower seeds, gardening supplies and nursery stock, including trees, shrubs, perennials, fruit trees and berries, fertilizers and plant foods.
 Gurney's distributes catalogs throughout the nation, and maintains a considerable web presence.
Gurney Paragon is a shopping mall at Gurney Drive, George Town, Penang, Malaysia.
 The shopping mall also carries 1st luxury brands shops in Penang like Victoria's Secret, Michael Kors, H&M, Sephora, Fred Perry, Canali and Godiva.
The Gildencroft Quaker Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Chatham Street, Norwich, Norfolk, England, where many of the city's Quakers were buried including the writer Amelia Opie.
 Many members of the Gurney family - who had a major influence on the development of Norwich - are buried here.
 The family founded Gurney's Bank.
Paragon Partners is a German private equity company based in Munich.
 It was founded in 2004 and managed by the owners.
 The company administers several funds that invest in medium-sized German companies.
 Paragon's investors include institutional investors such as life insurance, pension funds, university foundations and private investors.
Paragon Studios was a video game developer, and wholly owned subsidiary of NCsoft.
 Founded in November 2007 as NCsoft NorCal, the studio's remit was to further develop the "City of Heroes" and "City of Villains" franchises following the acquisition of the titles by NCsoft from Cryptic Studios.
 In April 2009, NCsoft NorCal was rebranded as Paragon Studios.
The Eagle Mk1, commonly referred to as the Eagle T1G, was a Formula One racing car, designed by Len Terry for Dan Gurney's Anglo American Racers team.
 The Eagle, introduced for the start of the 1966 Formula One season, is often regarded as being one of the most beautiful Grand Prix cars ever raced at the top levels of international motorsport.
 Initially appearing with a 2.7L Coventry Climax inline 4-cylinder engine, the car was designed around a 3.0L Gurney-Weslake V12 which was introduced after its first four races.
 In the hands of team boss Gurney, the Eagle-Weslake won the 1967 Belgian Grand Prix, making Dan Gurney only the second driver at the time, and one of only three to date, to win a Formula One Grand Prix in a car of their own construction.
 That win in Belgium still stands as the only Formula One victory for a United States-built car.
Pekan Gurney or Gurney's Town is a small town in Perak, Malaysia.
 The town was founded in 1952 and named after Sir Henry Gurney, a former British High Commissioner in Malaya
