"Bridge over Troubled Water" is a song by American music duo Simon & Garfunkel.
 Produced by the duo and Roy Halee, the song was released as the follow-up single to "The Boxer" in January 1970.
 The song is featured on their fifth studio album, "Bridge over Troubled Water" (1970).
 Composed by singer-songwriter Paul Simon, the song is performed on piano and carries the influence of gospel music.
 The original studio recording employs elements of Phil Spector's "Wall of Sound" technique using L.A. session musicians from the Wrecking Crew.
Australian Idol was an Australian singing competition, which began its first season in July 2003 and ended its run in November 2009.
 As part of the "Idol" franchise, Australian Idol originated from the reality program "Pop Idol", which was created by British entertainment executive Simon Fuller.
 Australian Idol was televised on Network Ten for all seven series, and was broadcast on the Southern Cross Austereo Radio Network between 2005 and 2007.
 The program would follow a similar format to the earlier live talent performance show Young Talent Time, with on-screen judges, the main difference being the public could vote on contestants, and did not have a regular rotating cast.
Australian singer and songwriter Jessica Mauboy has released three studio albums, one live album, two soundtrack albums, one extended play, and thirty-five singles (including one charity single).
 Mauboy was the runner-up on the fourth season of "Australian Idol" in 2006, and subsequently signed a contract with Sony Music Australia.
 She released her debut live album "The Journey" in February 2007, which features songs she performed as part of the top twelve on "Australian Idol".
 The album debuted at number four on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting shipments of 35,000 copies.
 Mauboy briefly became a member of the Australian pop girl group Young Divas later that year, before resuming her solo career early in 2008.
"Rain" is the second song released by "Australian Idol" series two runner-up Anthony Callea, and features on his self-titled debut album "Anthony Callea" (2005).
 It was released as a double A-side set features the song plus his recording of Simon & Garfunkel's song "Bridge over Troubled Water", which he performed on "Australian Idol".
"Angels Brought Me Here" (aka "Faith Has Brought Me Here") is a pop song performed by Australian singer Guy Sebastian.
 It was released in Australia on 24 November 2003 as the lead single from his debut album "Just as I Am" (2003).
 The song was written by Jörgen Elofsson and John Reid for Network Ten's TV talent competition, "Australian Idol"' s inaugural season.
 Recorded versions were made for both grand finalists, Sebastian and Shannon Noll, with only Sebastian's version officially released by BMG.
 On 22 November the promotional video had premiered on the same network's "Video Hits" – produced by "Australian Idol"' s Stephen Tate and directed by its musical director, John Foreman.
Wesley Dean "Wes" Carr (born 14 September 1982), also recording as Buffalo Tales, is an Australian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, best known for winning the sixth season of "Australian Idol" in 2008.
 He released his first studio album, "Simple Sum", independently in 2008 shortly before entering "Australian Idol".
 After "Idol", he signed a record deal with Sony Music Australia and released his debut single, "You".
 The song peaked at number one on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
 Carr's second studio album, "The Way the World Looks", soon followed after.
 It reached number two on the ARIA Albums Chart and also achieved Gold certification.
 The second single "Feels Like Woah" peaked at number 14 and gained Gold certification.
 In June 2011, Carr released "Been a Long Time", the lead single from his third album.
 It peaked at number 33 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
 In November 2011, Carr announced that he was no longer with Sony and would be releasing his album independently.
 In August 2012 Carr released an EP titled "Blood & Bone" under the pseudonym Buffalo Tales.
 His third studio album "Roadtrip Confessions" was released in June 2013 and debuted at number 83.
Introducing... Stan Walker is the debut studio album by season seven "Australian Idol" winner, Stan Walker.
 It was released through Sony Music Australia on 7 December 2009.
 The album contained the selected songs Walker performed during the top twelve on "Australian Idol", as well as the two original songs, "Black Box" and "Think of Me".
 The album debuted at number two on the New Zealand Albums Chart and was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ).
 It also appeared on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart at number three and was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
 Preceding the album's release, lead single "Black Box" was released for digital download on 22 November 2009.
 The song appeared on the singles charts of Australia and New Zealand at numbers two and one, respectively.
"My Little Town" is a 1975 song by the American duo Simon & Garfunkel.
 It was written by Paul Simon, who produced the track along with Art Garfunkel and Phil Ramone.
 Although the song would not appear on any of the duo's albums until later, it was included on both the solo releases for Simon ("Still Crazy After All These Years") and Garfunkel ("Breakaway") in 1975.
 This song was the first new single for Simon & Garfunkel since 1972's single hit "America".
 It became an all-new Simon & Garfunkel reunion single.
Roses in the Snow is the seventh album by country music artist Emmylou Harris, released in 1980.
 While Harris' previous release, 1979's "Blue Kentucky Girl", featured traditional, straight-ahead country (as opposed to the country-rock of her prior efforts), "Roses in the Snow" found Harris performing Bluegrass-inspired music, with material by Flatt and Scruggs, Paul Simon, The Carter Family, and Johnny Cash.
 Cash, Dolly Parton, Linda Ronstadt, The Whites, Ricky Skaggs, Willie Nelson and Tony Rice made guest appearances.
 "Wayfaring Stranger" was released as the first single in 1980 and went to #7 on the Billboard Country charts.
 The second single, a remake of a Simon & Garfunkel song, "The Boxer" reached #13.
 Backing musicians included Albert Lee and Jerry Douglas.
Australian singer and songwriter Jessica Mauboy has recorded songs for a live album, three studio albums, non-album singles and an extended play, some of which were collaborations with other artists.
 After she became the runner-up on the fourth season of "Australian Idol" in 2006, Mauboy signed a contract with record label Sony Music Australia.
 The following year, she released her debut live album "The Journey", which featured re-recorded covers of the selected songs she performed as part of the top twelve on "Australian Idol".
 Mauboy's debut studio album "Been Waiting" was released in 2008.
 The lead single "Running Back", featuring Flo Rida, was written by Mauboy, Audius Mtawarira and Sean Ray Mullins.
 She also co-wrote the album's title track with Israel Cruz, while Jonas Jeberg and Mich "Cutfather" Hansen co-wrote the second single "Burn".
 Kwamé co-wrote and produced the fifth single "Up/Down".
 The sixth and final single "Let Me Be Me" was co-written by Sugababes member Jade Ewen.
 "Been Waiting" was re-released in 2009 and included several new songs written by Mauboy and Mtawarira, among others.
