Songs from the Laundry Room is an EP by American rock band Foo Fighters, released exclusively for Record Store Day 2015.
 This EP and the Foo Fighters album are the two Foo Fighters releases upon which Dave Grohl plays all the instruments.
Foo Fighters is an American alternative rock band formed by multi-instrumentalist and vocalist Dave Grohl in 1994.
 After recording the album "Foo Fighters" alone, Grohl enlisted guitarist Pat Smear, bassist Nate Mendel and drummer William Goldsmith to join the band.
 This lineup recorded the second Foo Fighters album, 1997's "The Colour and the Shape", although most of Goldsmith's drum recordings were removed and re-recorded by Grohl for the release, after he left the band due to creative tensions.
 Goldsmith was replaced by Taylor Hawkins, and Franz Stahl replaced Smear after he also departed, although he only remained in the band for a short period and did not record an album with the group.
 The group's third album, "There Is Nothing Left to Lose", featured Hawkins on drums and was released in 1999.
Foo Fighters: Back and Forth is a 2011 rockumentary about the American rock band Foo Fighters, directed by filmmaker James Moll.
 The film documents the band's history, and gets its title from a track on the Foo Fighters' seventh studio album "Wasting Light".
The discography of Foo Fighters, an American rock band formed in 1994 by Dave Grohl, consists of nine studio albums, four extended plays (EPs), six video albums, and 36 singles.
 The current Foo Fighters line-up consists of Grohl (vocals and guitar), Taylor Hawkins (drums), Rami Jaffee (keyboard), Nate Mendel (bass), Chris Shiflett (guitar), and Pat Smear (guitar).
One by One is the fourth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters, released on October 22, 2002 by RCA.
 The album is the first to feature guitarist Chris Shiflett.
 Production on the album was troubled, with initial recording sessions considered unsatisfying and raising tensions between the band members.
 They eventually decided to redo the album from scratch during a two-week period at frontman Dave Grohl's home studio in Alexandria, Virginia.
 The songs on the album, which include the successful singles "All My Life" and "Times Like These", have been noted for their introspective lyrics and a heavier and more aggressive sound compared to the band's earlier work, which Grohl said was intended to translate the energy of the Foo Fighters' live performances into a recording.
The Colour and the Shape is the second studio album by the American rock band Foo Fighters.
 Produced by Gil Norton, it was released through Capitol Records and the group's own Roswell Records on May 20, 1997.
 The record is the debut of the Foo Fighters as a group, as the band's previous record, "Foo Fighters" (1995), was primarily recorded by frontman Dave Grohl and friend Barrett Jones as a demo.
 After the project ballooned and became an international success, the group convened for pre-production in the fall of 1996 and brought in producer Norton to establish a pop sensibility for the tracks.
 The band strived to create a full-fledged rock record, although the music press predicted another grunge offshoot.
Sunny Day Real Estate was an American emo band from Seattle, Washington.
 They were one of the early emo bands and helped establish the genre.
 In 1994, the band released their debut album "Diary" on Sub Pop Records to critical acclaim.
 However, shortly after releasing their second album "LP2", the band broke up, with members Nate Mendel and William Goldsmith joining Foo Fighters and Jeremy Enigk embarking on a solo career.
 In 1997, they regrouped long enough to record two more studio albums and a live album but ultimately disbanded once again in 2001.
 The band reunited again in 2009.
 Bassist Nate Mendel, who chose to remain with Foo Fighters during the previous reunion in 1997, took part in this reunion.
 In a 2013 interview with MusicRadar, Mendel said Sunny Day Real Estate was inactive.
 According to Mendel, the band attempted to record a full-length album after the end of their reunion tour, but the sessions "just fell apart".
 In 2014 the band released one song from those sessions, "Lipton Witch," on a split 7" vinyl with Circa Survive on Record Store Day.
The Fire Theft was an American rock band from Seattle, Washington.
 They were formed in 2001 by vocalist/guitarist Jeremy Enigk, bassist Nate Mendel, and drummer William Goldsmith, all of whom were previously members of Sunny Day Real Estate.
 Mendel also plays bass for Foo Fighters, and Goldsmith drummed for Foo Fighters between 1995 and 1997.
 This lineup was identical to the original line up of Sunny Day Real Estate but with the exception of guitarist Dan Hoerner.
 While the band went on a hiatus in 2004, there was never an announcement of an official breakup.
The Nation Blue is a rock band formed in Tasmania and based in Melbourne, Victoria, noted for their intense live performances and bleak subject matter.
 They have toured nationally in Australia and internationally in Brazil, America and Japan and have supported Helmet and Foo Fighters.
 In the third song of their first set in support of the Foo Fighters, bass player, Matt Weston, dislocated his knee, but saw out the remainder of the set while lying painfully on the stage floor.
Foo Fighters is an American rock band, formed in Seattle, Washington in 1994.
 It was founded by Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl as a one-man project following the dissolution of Nirvana after the death of Kurt Cobain.
 The group got its name from the UFOs and various aerial phenomena that were reported by Allied aircraft pilots in World War II, which were known collectively as "foo fighters".
