Vintage NBA is a show aired on ESPN Classic from 1999 to 2003, hosted by Robin Roberts.
 This show is all about the entire life of an NBA legend or a league.
Lawrence Fewell Roberts II (November 23, 1940 – December 22, 1967), known as Robin Roberts and in his music career as "Rockin' Robin" Roberts, was an American singer best known for his performances in the early 1960s with The Wailers, a rock and roll band based in Tacoma, Washington.
 His best known record was the earliest cover version of Richard Berry's "Louie Louie", recorded in 1960 and released the following year.
The Academy Awards pre-show (currently known as Oscars Red Carpet Live) is a live televised pre-show which precedes the start of the Academy Awards telecast by 90 minutes (previously by 30 minutes until 2011).
 The pre-show takes place on the red carpet surrounding the theater which holds the telecast, and is almost always hosted by various media personalities, such as Regis Philbin, Chris Connelly, Tim Gunn, and Robin Roberts.
The Hum Awards pre-show (currently known as Hum Awards Red Carpet) and Making of Hum Awards are recorded televised pre-shows where former precedes the start of the Hum Awards telecast by 37 minutes and latter, two days prior to ceremony respectively.
 The pre-show takes place on the red carpet surrounding the theater which holds the telecast, and is almost always hosted by various media personalities, while making of award ceremony introduced the back stage performances, rehearsals, managements and making of stage of ceremony before the event.
 The latter event is not necessary to be recorded and shown every year.
The Academy Honorary Award – instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards (previously called the Special Award, which was first presented in early 1929) – is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards, although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award.
 Unless otherwise specified, Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards.
 Unlike the Special Achievement Award instituted in 1972 (and discontinued in 1995), those on whom the Academy confers its Honorary Award do not have to meet "the Academy's eligibility year and deadline requirements."
 Like the Special Achievement Award, the Special Award and Honorary Award have been used to reward significant achievements of the year that did not fit in existing categories, subsequently leading the Academy to establish several new categories, and to honor exceptional career achievements, contributions to the motion picture industry, and service to the Academy.
 The Academy Honorary Award is often awarded in preference to those with noted achievements in motion pictures who have nevertheless never won an Academy Award.
 Thus, many of its recipients are Classic Hollywood stars, such as Lillian Gish, Barbara Stanwyck, Kirk Douglas, and Lauren Bacall.
The 1955 Philadelphia Phillies season was a season in American baseball.
 It was the first season for Phillies' manager Mayo Smith.
 Prior to the season, the Phillies were seen to have strong pitching with ace Robin Roberts but did not have power hitters to match pennant favorites Brooklyn, New York, or Milwaukee, behind whom the Phillies finished in fourth place with a record of 77 and 77.
In radiology, the double bubble sign is a feature of pediatric imaging seen on radiographs or prenatal ultrasound in which two air filled bubbles are seen in the abdomen, representing two discontiguous loops of bowel in a proximal, or 'high,' small bowel obstruction.
 The finding is typically pathologic, and implies either duodenal atresia, duodenal web, annular pancreas, and on occasion midgut volvulus, a distinction that requires close clinical correlation and, in most cases, surgical intervention.
 Distal gas is more often seen with midgut volvulus, duodenal stenosis and duodenal web, though this not always present.
 In such cases, distinguishing the diagnoses depends on clinical presentation.
 A fluoroscopic study known as an upper gastrointestinal series is often the next step in management in patients that are not critically ill, though if volvulus is suspected, emergent surgical intervention is mandated.
 If clinical findings are equivocal, caution with non water-soluble contrast is needed, as the usage of barium can impede surgical revision and lead to increased post operative complications.
 Non ionic water-soluble contrast should be used, as the hyperosmolar agents, if aspirated, can result in life-threatening pulmonary edema.
 When reflective of duodenal atresia, associations with Down's syndrome and VACTERL sequence abnormalities are often seen.
Julie Moran, (née Bryan, born January 10, 1962), is an American journalist, television host, and sportscaster.
 She was the first female host for "ABC’s Wide World of Sports".
 She was the weekend anchor and co-host for "Entertainment Tonight" from 1994 – 2001, and hosted the Academy Awards pre-show in 2001.
The Ambassador Hotel was a hotel in Los Angeles, California, and location of the Cocoanut Grove nightclub until it was demolished in 2005.
 The hotel began operation formally on January 1, 1921, and subsequently was the site of the 2nd Academy Awards, the 3rd Academy Awards, the 5th Academy Awards, the 6th Academy Awards, the 12th Academy Awards, the 15th Academy Awards, and the June 1968 assassination of presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy.
 The hotel closed to guests in 1989.
Lanphier Park is a stadium in Springfield, Illinois.
 It is primarily used for baseball.
 It originally opened in 1928 and was renovated in 1977.
 It holds 5,000 people.
 The facility's full name is Robin Roberts Stadium at Lanphier Park.
 Roberts (1926–2010), a Hall-of-Fame pitcher and a graduate of Lanphier High School, was Springfield's most accomplished ballplayer.
