Dundas Castle is a 15th-century castle, with substantial 19th-century additions by William Burn, in the Dalmeny parish of West Lothian, Scotland.
 The home of the Dundas family since the Middle Ages, it was sold in the late 19th century and is currently the residence of politician and businessman Sir Jack Stewart-Clark.
Leskovec Castle or Turn Castle (Slovene: "Grad Turn" , "Turn na Vrhu", "Turnska graščina", "Šrajbarski turn", "Grad Leskovec"; German: "Thurn am Hart" ) is a 15th-century castle north of the village of Leskovec pri Krškem (Municipality of Krško), southeastern Slovenia.
 It has been redesigned in the 16th and the 18th centuries.
Hayashi castle was a 15th-century castle, (alternatively known as Hayashi-jo, Fukuyama-jo) in Satoyamabe village, Matsumoto city, Nagano, Japan.
 A mountain-type castle, it is now largely in ruins.
 The site is sometimes regarded as one castle, or two castles, Hayashikojo (the small castle) and Hayashiohjo (the larger castle).
Kilmory Castle (Kilmorie Castle, Crowner's Castle) is the remains of a 15th-century castle at Meikle Kilmory, Isle of Bute, Scotland.
 The castle was the residence of the Jamiesons of Kilmorie, and was already a ruin in the 18th century.
 The Jamiesons of Kilmorie were the hereditary coroners of Bute.
 The ruins are a secular listed building.
Kinnaird Castle is a 15th-century castle in Angus, Scotland.
 The castle has been home to the Carnegie family, the Earl of Southesk, for more than 600 years.
Megginch Castle is a 15th-century castle in Perth and Kinross, in central Scotland.
 It was the family home of the late Cherry Drummond, 16th Baroness Strange.
 It is now occupied by Lady Strange's daughter Catherine Star Violetta Herdman and her husband.
Castle Sinclair Girnigoe is located about 3 miles north of Wick on the east coast of Caithness, Scotland.
 It is considered to be one of the earliest seats of Clan Sinclair.
 It comprises the ruins of two castles: the 15th-century Castle Girnigoe; and the early 17th-century Castle Sinclair.
Crayke Castle is a grade I listed 15th-century castle in Crayke, North Yorkshire, England.
 The castle consists of a restored 15th century four storey tower house with attached outbuildings to the rear and a separate ruined 15th tower, the "New Tower".
 It is situated on Church Hill in the village of Crayke.
Fra Lippo Lippi is an 1855 dramatic monologue written by the Victorian poet Robert Browning which first appeared in his collection "Men and Women".
 Throughout this poem, Browning depicts a 15th-century real-life painter, Filippo Lippi.
 The poem asks the question whether art should be true to life or an idealized image of life.
 The poem is written in blank verse, non-rhyming iambic pentameter.
Cathcart Castle was a 15th-century castle, located in what is now Linn Park in the Cathcart area of southern Glasgow, Scotland.
 The castle was abandoned in the 18th century, and the remaining ruins were pulled down in 1980, leaving only foundations visible.
