Maj. Gen. George G. Finch became the Senior Leader of the US Air National Guard; (Chief of the Air Division National Guard Bureau) (1948-1950) In June 1953 it was reported that Gen. Mark W. Clark would retire and be replaced by Maj. Gen George G. Finch on the UN command delegation to the Korean armistice talks George G. Finch, born April 11, 1902 in Dade City, Florida, is considered one of the pioneers in United States aviation history.
 He began his military career during World War 1, enlisting in the Aviation Section of the Army's Signal Corps in 1918.
 He remained in the Reserve Corps after the war, and in 1926, became Commander, 27th Pursuit Squadron, 1st Pursuit Group.
 In 1940, Georgia Governor Ed Rivers commissioned him to form the first flying unit of the Georgia Air National Guard.
 The unit was mobilized into the U.S. Army in September, 1941, with Major Finch as commander.
 After World War II, he was a leading critic of efforts to eliminate the air arm of the National Guard during peacetime.
 General Finch gained the respect and admiration of Air National Guardsmen throughout the nation with his steadfast support and successful efforts to preserve the Air Guard.
 He became the first Chief of the Air Force Division of the National Guard Bureau in 1948.
 Under his leadership, the Air National Guard built to combat readiness and was among the first components called into service after the outbreak of the Korean War.
 As a result of General Finch's vision and perseverance, 45,000 highly trained officers and airmen of 22 wings and 65 squadrons gave the Air Force the strength it needed in the early, critical phases of the Communist drive down the Korean peninsula.General Finch served as the senior Air Force member of the United Nations negotiating team at the peace talks at Panmunjom, Korea, and received the Legion of Merit for outstanding service in 1955; General Finch assumed command of Fourteenth Air Force, Robins AFB, Georgia, becoming the nation's first Air National Guardsman to head a numbered air force.
 General Finch had a career of "firsts" including the US Army's first night landing with a single, five-million-candlepower floodlight in 1927.
 He also established and endowed the General John P. McConnell Award at the United States Air Force Academy.
 Considered by many as the father of the strong, independent Air National Guard existing today, General Finch retired in 1957.
 No man has had greater impact on the Air Force Reserve and National Guard than has General George G. Finch.A graduate of the University of Georgia and a member of the Georgia Bar, General Finch was enshrined in the Georgia Aviation Hall of Fame May 18, 1996.
The church of Saint George (Armenian: Սուրբ Գեւորգ Եկեղեցի ; pronounced "Surp Gevork") is located centrally in the village of Garnahovit, Aragatsotn Province, Armenia.
 Its imposing architecture dominates the surrounding village and landscape.
George Manook (Armenian: Ջորջ Մանուկ ); (Gevork Manuch Merchell/Manukian Manuchariants (Armenian: Գևորգ Մերշել/ Մանուկյան Մանուչարյանց )), an Armenian merchant of Java, was among the richest figures in the Dutch East Indies, and on several occasions lent large sums of money to the Dutch government.
 He left behind a fortune of five million guilders when he died.
The Common Pursuit is a play by Simon Gray which follows the lives of six characters who first meet as undergraduates at Cambridge University when they are involved in setting up a literary magazine called "The Common Pursuit".
 The title is an allusion to F. R. Leavis's 1952 collection of essays "Scrutiny: The Common Pursuit".
The monastery of Saint George (Armenian: Սուրբ Գեւորգ Եկեղեցի or Սուրբ Գեւորգ Վանք ; pronounced "Surp Gevork") is located just off of the main road that runs through the town of Mughni in the Aragatsotn province of Armenia.
 The church sits within the city limits of the larger city of Ashtarak.
 It was built to house some of the remains of Saint George who was known as the "Slayer of Dragons".
George Stambolian (born April 10, 1938 – December 22, 1991, New York City) was an American educator, writer, and editor of Armenian descent.
 Stambolian was a key figure in the early gay literary movement that came out of New York during the 1960s and 1970s.
 He was best known as the editor of the "Men on Men" anthologies of gay fiction.
Gevorg (Armenian: Գևորգ ), also spelled Gevork and pronounced and transliterated as Kevork in Western Armenian, is the Armenian version of the name George.
 Bearers include:
The Saint Gevork of Mughni Church (Armenian: Մուղնեցվոց Սուրբ Գևորգ Եկեղեցի Georgian: წმინდა გიორგის მუღნის ეკლესია ) also known as Saint George of Mughni Church ("Gevork" in Armenian is cognate with "George") is a 13th-century Armenian church in Tbilisi, Georgia that was entirely rebuilt in 1756.
 It is made of brick and its architectural typology is that of a cross within a rectangular perimeter, with four free-standing supports.
Gevork Minaskanian, Ph.D., is a research professor in the Department of Chemistry at Virginia Commonwealth University and Co-founder/Vice President of Synthetic Chemistry at Aderis Pharmaceuticals who was a contributor to the development of rotigotine and Neupro (a transdermalpatch that delivers rotigotine).
 Rotigotine is a drug developed to mimic the actions of dopamine in the brain to help cope with restless legs syndrome and the abnormal movements(dyskinesia) found in Parkinson's disease patients.
 This drug is an alternative to oral medications for treatment of Parkinson's disease, considered by the VCU Department of Chemistry as "an unprecedented medication for the benefit of millions of Parkinson's patient worldwide."
 Minaskanian’s main contribution to Neupro was improving the efficiency of manufacturing rotigotine, thereby making the process commercially viable and enabling patients to afford this important medication.
 Dr. Minaskanian is the inventor and author of over 50 patents and publications in various fields of organic and medicinal chemistry.
 Some of his US patents include patents 5,470,848; 4,801,586; 5,234,959; 5,118,676; and other related research done on rotigotine and Neupro US patent 7,309,497 found in the United States Patent and Trademark Office linked to the penetration enhancers for transdermal delivery of systemic agents.
Gevorgyan or Gevorgian, sometimes also spelled Gevorkian (Armenian: Գեվորգյան ) is an Armenian surname meaning "son of Gevork", the equivalent of "son of George" (compare English Georgeson).
 The Western Armenian equivalent is Kevorkian.
