William McGrath (11 December 1916 – 1992) was a loyalist from Northern Ireland who founded the far-right organisation Tara in the 1960s, having also been prominent in the Orange Order until his expulsion due to his paedophilia.
 A house master in Kincora Boys' Home in East Belfast, in 1981 he was jailed for four years for paedophile activities at the Home.
Operation Demetrius was a British Army operation in Northern Ireland on 9–10 August 1971, during the Troubles.
 It involved the mass arrest and internment (imprisonment without trial) of 342 people suspected of being involved with the Irish Republican Army (IRA), which was waging a campaign for a united Ireland against the British state.
 It was proposed by the Northern Ireland Government and approved by the British Government.
 Armed soldiers launched dawn raids throughout Northern Ireland, sparking four days of violence in which 20 civilians, two IRA members and two British soldiers were killed.
 All of those arrested were Irish nationalists, the vast majority of them Catholic.
 Due to faulty intelligence, many had no links with the IRA.
 Ulster loyalist paramilitaries were also carrying out acts of violence, which were mainly directed against Catholics and Irish nationalists, but no loyalists were included in the sweep.
Tommy "Tucker" Lyttle (c. 1939 – 18 October 1995), was a high-ranking Ulster loyalist during the period of religious-political conflict in Northern Ireland known as "the Troubles".
 A member of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) – the largest loyalist paramilitary organisation in Northern Ireland – he first held the rank of lieutenant colonel and later was made a brigadier.
 He served as the UDA's spokesman as well as the leader of the organisation's West Belfast Brigade from 1975 until his arrest and imprisonment in 1990.
 According to journalists Henry McDonald and Brian Rowan, and the Pat Finucane Centre, he became a Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) Special Branch informer.
Brian Robinson (c. 1962 - 2 September 1989) was a loyalist from Belfast, Northern Ireland and member of the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) who was witnessed murdering a Catholic civilian.
 His death as a result of an undercover British Army unit is unique as it is one of the only deaths from the alleged shoot-to-kill policy in Northern Ireland which involved a loyalist victim.
Tara was an Ulster loyalist movement in Northern Ireland that espoused a brand of evangelical Protestantism.
 Preaching a hard-line and somewhat esoteric brand of loyalism, Tara enjoyed some influence in the late 1960s before declining amid a high-profile sex abuse scandal involving its leader William McGrath.
The official flag of Northern Ireland is the Union Flag of the United Kingdom.
 From 1953 until 1973, the Ulster Banner (also known as the Ulster flag) was used by the Parliament of Northern Ireland; however, since its abolition use of the flag has been limited to representing Northern Ireland in certain sports, at the Commonwealth of Nations, at some local councils and at some other organisations and occasions.
 Despite this, the Ulster Banner is still commonly seen and referred to as the flag of Northern Ireland, especially by those from the unionist and loyalist communities.
Aidan McGrath is an Irish youth activist.
 He is the former President of Ireland's National Youth Organisation.
 He was twice elected to represent his Constituency of Fingal in Ireland's National Youth Parliament, Dáil na nÓg, and was Chairperson of both the Swords Youth Council and the Fingal Comhairle na nÓg.
 McGrath is a member of both Fingal County Council's General Strategic Policy Committee and the Planning Strategic Policy Committee.
 In 2010 he was named one of the top Youth Leaders in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland by the National Association of Principals and Deputy Principals and the General Teaching Council for Northern Ireland.
 McGrath continues to maintain a public profile in the area of political activism, and in 2012 he was named one of the top ten outstanding young people of Ireland by Junior Chamber International.
The Tandragee killings took place in the early hours of Saturday 19 February 2000 on an isolated country road outside Tandragee, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
 Two young Protestant men, Andrew Robb and David McIlwaine, were beaten and repeatedly stabbed to death in what was part of a Loyalist feud between the loyalist Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and their rivals, the breakaway Loyalist Volunteer Force (LVF).
 The men were not members of any loyalist paramilitary organisation.
 It later emerged in court hearings that Robb had made disparaging remarks about the killing of UVF Mid-Ulster Brigade leader Richard Jameson by an LVF gunman the previous month.
 This had angered the killers, themselves members of the Mid-Ulster UVF, and in retaliation they had lured the two men to the remote lane on the outskirts of town, where they killed and mutilated them.
The Northern Ireland national under-19 football team (also known as Northern Ireland under-19, under-19s or U19) represents Northern Ireland in association football at under-19 level.
 It is controlled by the Irish Football Association and began under the name of Ireland Youth when the Home Nations first held a round robin of friendly matches in 1948.
 The same year they entered the first International Youth Tournament, now the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
 Their best performance was in 1963 when they finished as runner-up.
 The team evolved into the Northern Ireland under-18 team then the current under-19 team.
 As well as the UEFA Under-19 Championships the team also enters the annual Milk Cup (currently as an under-20 side).
 In addition, the team plays regular friendlies, sometimes as an under-20 or under-18 team by agreement of the opposing association.
John White (born 1950) is a former leading loyalist in Northern Ireland.
 He was sometimes known by the nickname 'Coco'.
 White was a leading figure in the loyalist paramilitary group, the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) and, following a prison sentence for murder, entered politics as a central figure in the Ulster Democratic Party (UDP).
 Always a close ally of Johnny Adair, White was run out of Northern Ireland when Adair fell from grace and is no longer involved in loyalist activism.
