Karaman Province (Turkish: "" ) is a province of central Turkey.
 It has an area of 9,163 km².
 It has a population of 232,633 (2010 est).
 According to the 2000 census the population was 243,210.
 Population density is 27.54 people/km².
 The traffic code is 70.
 The capital is the city of Karaman.
 Karaman was the location of the Karamanid emirate, which came to an end in 1486.
Charlotte Amalie ( or ), located on the island of St. Thomas, is the capital and the largest city of the United States Virgin Islands, founded in 1666 as Taphus (meaning "beer house" or "beer hall").
 In 1691, the town was renamed to Amalienborg (in English "Charlotte Amalie") after Charlotte Amalie of Hesse-Kassel (1650–1714), queen consort to King Christian V of Denmark-Norway.
 It has a deep-water harbor that was once a haven for pirates and is now one of the busiest ports of call for cruise ships in the Caribbean, with about 1.5 million cruise ship passengers landing there in 2004.
 Protected by Hassel Island, the harbor has docking and fueling facilities, machine shops, and shipyards and was a U.S. submarine base until 1966.
 The town has been inhabited for centuries.
 When Christopher Columbus came here in 1493, the area was inhabited by Island Caribs and Taíno.
 It is on the southern shore at the head of Saint Thomas Harbor.
 In 2010 the city had a population of 18,481, which makes it the largest city in the Virgin Islands Archipelago.
 Hundreds of ferries and yachts pass through town each week, and at times the population more than doubles.
The Upper Hungary Magyar Educational Society (Hungarian: "Felvidéki/Felsőmagyarországi Magyar Közművelődési Egyesület" , FEMKE, also FMKE; Slovak: "Hornouhorský maďarský vzdelávací spolok" ) was an organisation in Upper Hungary, founded on 20 November 1883, that conducted Magyarisation initiatives among the region's predominantly ethnic Slovak population.
 By sponsoring cultural activities, education for children, and the establishment of libraries and courses in the Hungarian language, the Society aimed to assimilate Slovaks into the country's Hungarian population while spreading the general use of Hungarian, then the official state language.
 It was based in Nyitra, now the city of Nitra in western Slovakia, and was supported by the prominent Hungarian nationalist Béla Grünwald and the Bishop of Nitra, Imre Bende.
 The organisation met some success: between 1900 and 1910, the proportion of self-identified Slovaks in Nyitra County dropped by over 6 percent, thanks in part to its efforts, and by 1910, it was estimated that 21 percent of the Slovak population in the country as a whole had learned Hungarian.
 The Society came to operate 227 libraries across Upper Hungary.
 Its establishment was followed by the setting up of a similar society in Transylvania.
 FEMKE was ultimately dissolved in 1919 after the breakup of the Kingdom of Hungary.
Travelers Rest is a city in Greenville County, South Carolina, United States.
 The population was 4,576 at the 2010 census, up from 4,099 in 2000.
 The population was an estimated 4,994 in 2015.
 It is part of the Greenville–Mauldin–Easley Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Travelers Rest is located between the Blue Ridge Mountains and Greenville, the primary city of the Upstate region of South Carolina.
 The campus of Furman University is located just south of the city limits of Travelers Rest, but the university retains a Greenville address based on its ZIP code.
 The name "Travelers Rest" came from the fact that it is situated close to the border with the North Carolina mountains.
 Travelers would stop for a moment in the town before they began the difficult journey into the mountains.
 Travelers would often have to spend the winter there, waiting for the snow to clear in the mountains before continuing northward.
 It has often been referred to as "A Southeastern gem".
Rock Springs is a city in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States.
 The population was 23,036 at the 2010 census, making it the 4th most populated city in the state of Wyoming.
 Rock Springs is the principal city of the Rock Springs micropolitan statistical area, which has a population of 37,975.
 Rock Springs is known as the Home of 56 Nationalities because of the influx of immigrants from all over the world who came to work in the coal mines that supplied the fuel to power the steam engines of the Union Pacific Railroad.
 The city's rich cultural heritage is celebrated each summer on International Day, a festival where the foods, costumes, and traditions of residents' ancestors are recreated and enjoyed at Bunning Park in downtown Rock Springs.
James Craig Anderson was a 49-year-old African American who was murdered in a hate crime in Jackson, Mississippi on June 26, 2011, by 18-year-old Deryl Dedmon of Brandon.
 Anderson worked on the assembly line at the Nissan plant in north Jackson; he was helping his longtime partner raise a young child.
Kansas City is the largest city in Missouri, United States, and the sixth largest city in the Midwest.
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city had an estimated population of 481,420 in 2016, making it the 37th largest city by population in the United States.
 It is the anchor city of the Kansas City metropolitan area, which straddles the Kansas–Missouri border.
 Kansas City was founded in the 1830s as a Missouri River port at its confluence with the Kansas River coming in from the west.
 On June 1, 1850 the town of Kansas was incorporated; shortly after came the establishment of the Kansas Territory.
 Confusion between the two ensued and the name Kansas City was assigned to distinguish them soon thereafter.
The City of Central, commonly known as Central City, is the Home Rule Municipality in Gilpin and Clear Creek counties that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Gilpin County, Colorado, United States.
 The city population was 663 at the 2010 United States Census.
 The city is a historic mining settlement founded in 1859 during the Pike's Peak Gold Rush and came to be known as the "Richest Square Mile on Earth".
 Central City and the adjacent city of Black Hawk form the federally designated Central City/Black Hawk Historic District.
 The city is now a part of the Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Monrovia is the capital city of the West African country of Liberia.
 Located on the Atlantic Coast at Cape Mesurado, Monrovia had a population of 1,010,970 as of the 2008 census.
 With 29% of the total population of Liberia, Monrovia is the country's most populous city.
 From January 7, 1822 until the Liberian Declaration of Independence from the American Colonization Society on July 26, 1847 some 3,198 ex-Caribbean slaves settlers from the Lesser Antilles, who had escaped from their slaveholder or were born free, left the Caribbean islands and came to Liberia with the help and support of the American Colonization Society and other establishment organizations.
 The ex-Caribbean slaves came to Liberia to live a better life, to be free, and to establish self-governance.
 The first ex-Caribbean slaves who came to Liberia were from Barbados; some 500 to 1,000 ex-Caribbean slaves arrived in Liberia.
 The second group of settlers who came from the Caribbean islands were from Trinidad and Tobago; they were some 345 ex-Caribbean slaves, followed by some 620 ex-Caribbean slaves from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Another group of settlers, some 350 ex-Caribbean slaves, came from Saint Kitts and Nevis.
 The last two groups of settlers from the Caribbean islands were some 483 from Grenada and some 400 from Saint Lucia.
 As job opportunities and development growth increased, the ex-Caribbean slaves moved through Grand Cape Mount, Bomi County, Montserrado, Margibi County and other regions of Liberia to seek jobs and other opportunities.
Fadanpura is a village in Fatehpur tesil of Sikar district in Rajasthan, 5 km away from Fatehpur City by road.
 The village was founded by Jyani/Jyani gotra Jats, who came from Chainpura village about 400 years back.
 Jat gotras in the village are Bhuria, Bagaria, Jyani, Garhwal.
 There are about 260 families of Shekhawat and Brahmins , Rajputs and Jangids , Nai and SC-casts.
 Jangids are came from Surtpura village about 200 year back.
 There are about 450 houses in the village, with a total population above 1100 people.
 Five temples in this village and most oldest temple of "THAKUR G" made by shekhawat's situated in middle of this village.
 Other temples name are Sati Dadi Jamvay Maa Jasnath ji Mharaj and Lord Hanuman.
 Sati Dadi's temple, made by Khetaram Jangid, is 2km away from this village.
 Jasnath ji Mharaj's temple made by Jyani is the first temple you can see when you come in this village by road .
