Tivoli Two is a live album by pianist Duke Jordan's Trio recorded at the Tivolis Koncertsal and first released on the Danish SteepleChase label in 1984.
Milton Lee Olive Park is a public park in the city of Chicago, Illinois.
 Designed by Dan Kiley, the park is located west of the James W. Jardine Water Purification Plant and adjacent to Jane Addams Memorial Park and Ohio Street Beach.
 The park provides large grassy areas for recreation as well aspaths for walking, jogging, and biking.
 Several benches are located in the park either in open, sunny areas or areas shaded by tall honey locust trees.
 The park contains multiple fountains creating large, circular seating areas.
 Open views of Lake Michigan and the Chicago skyline exists within the park.
Takino Suzuran Hillside National Government Park (国営滝野すずらん丘陵公園 , Kokuei Takino Suzuran Kyūryō Kōen ) is a Japanese national government park located in Sapporo, Hokkaido.
 It is the only national government park in the northern island of Hokkaido.
 The park area spreads over 395.7 hectares of hilly country and ranges in altitude between 160 and 320 m above sea level.
 Currently, 192.3 is accessible to the public.
 The park grounds are separated into six zones: the Mountain Stream Zone, Central Zone, Lodging Zone, Forest Experience Zone (planned to be open in 2009), Nature Observation Zone (planned to be open in 2010), and Preservation Zone (not open to the public).
 During the winter season, the park operates as the “Takino Snow World”, providing visitors with a wide variety of winter outdoor activities.
The Copake Falls Area of Taconic State Park is a state park located in Copake, a town in Columbia County, New York.
 The park is one of two subdivisions of the main park, the other being the Rudd Pond Area.
 This section of Taconic State Park is located on New York State Route 344, and offers several different attractions for the visitors.
 The park is open all around the year, with hours of sunrise to sunset and can change due to weather.
 The park hosts a campground, which is only open from May to December, and a cabin area, which is open year-round, with access to nearby skiing areas.
Tivoli One is a live album by pianist Duke Jordan's Trio recorded at the Tivolis Koncertsal and first released on the Danish SteepleChase label in 1984.
Tivolis Koncertsal is a 1,660-capacity concert hall located at Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen, Denmark.
 The building, which was designed by Frits Schlegel and Hans Hansen, was built between 1954 and 1956.
Wait and See is a live album by pianist Duke Jordan's Trio recorded at the Tivolis Koncertsal and first released on the Danish SteepleChase label in 1985.
Pepper Tree Playfield is a 21.7-acre community park located in western Newbury Park, California.
 It is located at the corner of Reino- and Old Conejo Roads, and was acquired by the Conejo Recreation & Park District (CRPD) in 1977, but not developed nor opened until 1983.
 It contains a 0.83-mile fitness trail loop, and is nearby numerous trailheads.
 The park is within walking distance from the Conejo Vista Trailhead in Old Conejo Open Space, located immediately north of Pepper Tree Playfield, and the park is directly across the street from the Knoll Trailhead (Pepper Tree Vista Trail) in Knoll Open Space, which is to the park’s immediate east, crossing North Reino Road.
 It is also an access point for trails leading to the Conejo Mountain.
 Pepper Tree Playfield is named for its many pepper trees, which surrounds the park area.
Deer Ridge Open Space is a 188-acre public-owned open-space area in the southwest portion of the town of Newbury Park, California.
 It contains a series of north-facing mountainous ridges and canyons, dominated by chaparral and oak trees.
 It shares borders with the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area to the south, and the Los Robles Trail traverses the length of Deer Ridge Open Space.
 Its main trailhead is located on Potrero Road, while a smaller access point is located at the southern end of Felton Street.
 The Los Robles Trail is the Conejo Open Space Conservation Agency’s longest trail, and connects to open-space areas and parks such as the Los Padres Open Space, Conejo Ridge Open Space, Hope Nature Preserve, Old Conejo Open Space, and the Los Vientos Open Space.
 The trail in Newbury Park provides panoramic views of the Conejo Valley and Santa Monica Mountains, before entering the Hope Nature Preserve.
 The Los Robles Trail provides more than 25 miles of contiguous trails connecting Newbury Park to Westlake Village in Los Angeles County.
 Immediately south of the Deer Ridge Open Space in Newbury Park are the Hidden Valley and Rancho Sierra Vista "Satwiwa".
Ventu Park Open Space is a 141-acre open space area in Newbury Park, California.
 Its primary features are the Rosewood Trail leading to Angel Vista, a 1,603 ft peak in the Santa Monica Mountains.
 Parking for the Rosewood Trail is located at the Stagecoach Inn Park, across Lynn Road from the primary trailhead.
 The Rosewood Trail begins with oak woodland and crosses a creek at the canyon floor, before climbing up towards the steep Angel Vista Point.
 There are 360-degree panoramic views of the Conejo Valley, the Oxnard Plain, the California Channel Islands, Pacific Ocean, Point Mugu, Hidden Valley, as well as the Santa Monica-, Santa Susana- and Topa Topa Mountains.
 The Rosewood Trail is the starting point for the Los Robles Trail, the longest trail operated by the Conejo Open Space Conservation Agency (COSCA).
 It connects to various open space areas and nature preserves in the Greater Thousand Oaks Area, including the Hope Nature Preserve, Los Padres Open Space, Conejo Ridge Open Space, Deer Ridge Open Space, Old Conejo Open Space and Los Vientos Open Space.
 The 25-mile Los Robles Trail begins by Angel Vista Point and is a 25-mile trail connecting Newbury Park and the City of Westlake Village by crossing Hidden Valley, Thousand Oaks and Lake Sherwood.
 Alternatively, hikers can cross the Potrero Ridge and join the trail leading to Satwiwa, which again connects to Point Mugu through trails crossing the Santa Monica Mountains through the Big Sycamore Canyon.
 The trails here are used by equestrians, mountain bikers as well as hikers.
 The Rosewood Trail is a 5-mile roundtrip hike from the Stagecoach Inn Park to the top of Angel Vista.
