The Last King of Scotland is a 2006 historical drama film based on Giles Foden's novel "The Last King of Scotland" (1998), adapted by screenwriters Peter Morgan and Jeremy Brock, and directed by Kevin Macdonald.
 The film was a co-production between companies from the United Kingdom and Germany.
Netjerkare Siptah (also Neitiqerty Siptah and likely the same person as Nitocris) was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh, the seventh and last ruler of the 6th Dynasty.
 Alternatively some scholars classify him as the first king of the combined 7th and 8th Dynasties.
 As the last king of the 6th Dynasty, Netjerkare Siptah is considered by some Egyptologists to be the last king of the Old Kingdom period.
Narathihapate (Burmese: နရသီဟပတေ့ , ] ; also Sithu IV of Pagan; 23 April 1238 – 1 July 1287) was the last king of the Pagan Empire who reigned from 1256 to 1287.
 The king is known in Burmese history as the "Taruk-Pyay Min" ("the King who Fled from the Taruk [Mongols]") for his flight from Pagan (Bagan) to Lower Burma in 1285 during the first Mongol invasion (1277–87) of the kingdom.
 He eventually submitted to Kublai Khan, founder of the Yuan dynasty in January 1287 in exchange for a Mongol withdrawal from northern Burma.
 But when the king was assassinated six months later by his son Thihathu, the Viceroy of Prome, the 250-year-old Pagan Empire broke apart into multiple petty states.
 The political fragmentation of the Irrawaddy valley and its periphery would last for another 250 years until the mid-16th century.
Nokasad (full name Somdetch Brhat Chao Jaya Sri Samudra Buddhangkura; alternate names Soi Si Samout Phouthong Koun; King of Champa Nagapurisiri or Nakhon Champa Nakhaburisi) (reckoned posthumously to have been born in 1693 as Prince (Chao) Nakasatra Sungaya or Nokasat Song) was a grandson of the last king of Lan Xang, King Sourigna Vongsa; and a son-in-law of the Cambodian King Chey Chettha IV.
 He was made king of the southern Laotian Kingdom of Champasak from 1713 to 1737.
 In 1718, the first Lao muang in the Chi valley — and indeed anywhere in the interior of the Khorat Plateau — was founded at Suwannaphum District in present-day Roi Et Province by an official in the service of this king.
 In 1725, he turned his executive powers over to his eldest son; he died at Khorat in 1738.
Herod Agrippa, also known as Herod or Agrippa I (Hebrew: אגריפס‎ ) (11 BC – 44 AD), was a King of Judea from 41 to 44 AD.
 He was the last ruler with the royal title reigning over Judea and the father of Herod Agrippa II, the last King from the Herodian dynasty.
 The grandson of Herod the Great and son of Aristobulus IV and Berenice, he was born Marcus Julius Agrippa, so named in honour of Roman statesman Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa.
 He is the king named Herod in the Acts of the Apostles 12:1: "Herod (Agrippa)" (Ἡρώδης Ἀγρίππας ).
 Josephus states that he was known in his time as "Agrippa the Great".
The 2010 King of the Ring was a special edition of "Raw".
 that aired on November 29, 2010, at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 The program featured the nineteenth King of the Ring tournament and first since 2008.
 Sheamus defeated John Morrison in the finals of the tournament to become King of the Ring.
 Unlike the previous tournament that featured wrestlers from the "Raw," "SmackDown" and "ECW" brands, the 2010 version of the tournament only featured wrestlers from "Raw" and "SmackDown" (following the closure of the ECW brand in February 2010).
 The last King of the Ring tournament which only featured wrestlers from both "Raw" and "SmackDown" was held in 2002 (following the WWE Brand Extension the previous month, but before the ECW brand was introduced as a third brand in 2006).
 Despite the event being mainly focused on the King of the Ring concept, the main event featured Jerry Lawler (who was celebrating his birthday that day) facing the new WWE Champion The Miz for the WWE Championship in a Tables, Ladders and Chairs match which marked Lawler's first WWE Championship match.
 Lawler lost due to distractions from Alex Riley and Michael Cole.
 CM Punk was joined in commentary on the show.
Jizi or Qizi (; Gija or Kija in Korean) was a semi-legendary Chinese sage who is said to have ruled Gija Joseon in the 11th century BCE.
 Early Chinese documents like the "Book of Documents" and the "Bamboo Annals" described him as a virtuous relative of the last king of the Shang dynasty who was punished for remonstrating with the king.
 After Shang was overthrown by Zhou in the 1040s BCE, he allegedly gave political advice to King Wu, the first Zhou king.
 Chinese texts from the Han dynasty (206 BCE – 220 CE) onwards claimed that King Wu enfeoffed Jizi as ruler of Chaoxian (朝鮮, pronounced "Joseon" in Korean).
 According to the "Book of Han" (1st century CE), Jizi brought agriculture, sericulture, and many other facets of Chinese civilization to Joseon.
 Gija was Chinese.
Stanisław II Augustus (also Stanisław August Poniatowski; born Stanisław Antoni Poniatowski; 17 January 1732 – 12 February 1798) was the last King of Poland, Grand Duke of Lithuania and the last monarch of the united Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (1764–95).
 He remains a controversial figure in Polish history.
 Recognized as a great patron of the arts and sciences and an initiator and firm supporter of progressive reforms, he is also remembered as the last king of the Commonwealth whose election was marred by Russian involvement.
 He is criticized primarily for his failure to stand against the partitions, and thus to prevent the destruction of Poland.
Jian, King of Qi (; reigned 264–221 BC) was the last king of Qi, one of the seven major states of the Warring States period of ancient China.
 His personal name was Tian Jian (田建), ancestral name Gui, and he did not have a posthumous title because he was the last king of Qi.
King Nan of Zhou (?
–256 BC), born Ji Yan and less commonly known as King Yin of Zhou, was the 36th and last king of the Chinese Zhou dynasty, the son of King Shenjing of Zhou and grandson of King Xian of Zhou.
 He was king for fifty-nine years, the longest in the Zhou Dynasty and all of pre-imperial China (in terms of the reign length followed by King Mu of Zhou).
 By the time of King Nan's reign, the kings of Zhou had lost almost all political and military power, as even their remaining crown land was split into two states or factions, led by rival feudal lords: West Zhou, where the capital Wangcheng was located, and East Zhou, centred at Chengzhou and Kung.
 Therefore, Nan lacked any personal territory and was effectively under the control of the local feudal lords, essentially relying on their charity.
