Baghban (English: "Gardener") is a 2003 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Ravi Chopra, featuring Amitabh Bachchan, Salman Khan, and Hema Malini in lead roles.
 Aman Verma, Samir Soni, Saahil Chadha and Nasir khan
Tehzeeb (English: "Etiquette") is a 2003 Indian drama film directed by Khalid Mohammed.
 It premiered on 21 November 2003.
 The film stars Shabana Azmi, Urmila Matondkar, Diya Mirza, Arjun Rampal and Rishi Kapoor in a special appearance.
 Urmila and Shabana were praised for their roles.
 It was inspired by Ingmar Bergman's Swedish drama "Autumn Sonata" (1978), and was dedicated to Bergman.
Amar Jyoti (Eternal Flame) is a 1936 Hindi social, action adventure, drama film directed by V. Shantaram.
 Produced by Prabhat Film Company and cited as a "noteworthy" film along with Shantaram's earlier "Amrit Manthan" (1934), the film had actress Durga Khote performing one of her most "memorable" roles.
 K. Narayan Kale wrote the story with dialogues by Narottam Vyas.
 The music was composed by Master Krishnarao.
 The director of photography was V. Avadhoot, and the cast included Durga Khote, Chandra Mohan, Shanta Apte, Nandrekar, Vasanti and Narayan Kale.
Picket 43 is a 2015 Malayalam-language Indian drama film written and directed by Major Ravi.
 It stars Prithviraj and Javed Jaffrey in the lead roles.
 It was filmed by cinematographer Jomon T. John and most portions of the film were shot in Kashmir.
 The film dealt with the story of an Indian army soldier guarding a picket alone in Kashmir, and his friendship with a Pakistani soldier.
Joggers' Park is a 2003 Indian drama film made in English and Hindi.
 It is directed by Anant Balani and written by Subhash Ghai.
 It stars Bengali actor Victor Bannerjee, Perizaad Zorabian and Divya Dutta in lead roles.
 It was filmed on location in Mumbai's Jogger's Park.
 It was inspired from the storyline of 1986 film Anokha Rishta starring Rajesh Khanna.
Punarjani (English: "Reincarnation" ) is a 2003 Indian Malayalam drama film, directed by Major Ravi and Rajesh Amanakara, starring Pranav Mohanlal in the lead role.
 The film was produced by P. L. Thenappan under the production house, Sri Rajlakshmi Films.
 Pranav won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Child Artist for his performance in the film.
Rang Rasiya "(Colours of passion)" is an Indian drama film based on the life of the 19th-century Indian painter Raja Ravi Varma.
 Made as a bilingual, the film is titled "Rang Rasiya" in its Hindi version and "Colours of Passion" in English.
 The film, directed by Ketan Mehta, is produced by his wife Deepa Sahi and by Aanand Mahendroo.
 It stars Randeep Hooda as the title character and Nandana Sen as his love interest.
The Film Emotional Atyachar is a 2010 Indian Crime, Black Comedy film, directed by Akshay Shere and produced by Vijay Gutte.
 It stars Ranvir Shorey, Mohit Ahlawat, Kalki Koechlin and Ravi Kishan in the lead roles along with Vinay Pathak, Snehal Dabi, Abhimanyu Singh, Sakshi Gulati and Shubha Khote.
Khilona (English: Toy ) is a 1970 Indian drama film, produced by L.V. Prasad on Prasad Productions Pvt.Ltd.
 banner and directed by Chander Vohra.
 Starring Sanjeev Kumar, Mumtaz, Jeetendra in lead roles.
 Other actors in supporting roles are Shatrughan Sinha, Durga Khote, Ramesh Deo, Jagdeep and music composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal.
 The film recorded as "Super Hit" at the box office.
 The film was a remake of Telugu film "Punarjanma".
 The film was not remade in Tamil instead both Hindi and Tamil version were simultaneously made.
 Tamil version had "Engirundho Vandhaal" with Sivaji Ganesan and Jayalalithaa.
 The film was also remade in Malayalam as "Amrithavaahini".
Arimpara ((Malayalam: അരിമ്പാറ ), (alternate title - "A Story That Begins at the End"), translation: "The Wart")) is a 2003 Indian drama film directed by Murali Nair.
 It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
