A volcanic bomb is a mass of molten rock (tephra) larger than 64 mm (2.5 inches) in diameter, formed when a volcano ejects viscous fragments of lava during an eruption.
 They cool into solid fragments before they reach the ground.
 Because volcanic bombs cool after they leave the volcano, they are extrusive igneous rocks.
 Volcanic bombs can be thrown many kilometres from an erupting vent, and often acquire aerodynamic shapes during their flight.
 Bombs can be extremely large; the 1935 eruption of Mount Asama in Japan expelled bombs measuring 5–6 m in diameter up to 600 m from the vent.
 Volcanic bombs are a significant volcanic hazard, and can cause severe injuries and death to people in an eruption zone.
 One such incident occurred at Galeras volcano in Colombia in 1993; six people near the summit were killed and several seriously injured by lava bombs when the volcano erupted unexpectedly.
Volcano bowls are ceramic drinkware originally associated with mid-20th century American tiki bars and tropical-themed restaurants.
 Drinks served in volcano bowls are typically rum-based, mixed with tropical fruit juices and other liquors such as brandy, vodka, and triple sec, and garnished with fruit.
 The Flaming Volcano cocktail is especially associated with this drinkware.
Mount Karthala or Karthola (Arabic: القرطالة‎ ‎ "Al Qirtālah") is an active volcano and the highest point of the Comoros at 2361 m above sea level.
 It is the southernmost and larger of the two shield volcanoes forming Grande Comore island, the largest island in the nation of Comoros.
 The Karthala volcano is very active, having erupted more than 20 times since the 19th century.
 Frequent eruptions have shaped the volcano’s 3 km by 4 km summit caldera, but the island has largely escaped broad destruction.
 Eruptions on April 17, 2005 and May 29, 2006 ended a period of quiet.
Cay is a stratovolcano in the South Volcanic Zone of the Andes in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region, Chile.
 The volcano is located 15 km northeast of the larger Maca Volcano and about 230 km of the Chile Trench at the intersection of NW-SE and NE-SW faults of the Liquiñe-Ofqui Fault Zone.
 The volcano is composed from basalt and dacite and there is no evidence of Holocene activity.
 Below 1000m, several parasitic cones lie on the southwest flank of the volcano.
The flaming volcano is a large tropical group cocktail made of rum, brandy, pineapple juice, orange juice, almond syrup, and sometimes other ingredients.
 It is usually a multi-user drink, served to a group in a special, ritual vessel known as a volcano bowl, which is a decorative ceramic bowl (typically of about 32 USoz capacity) designed with a rising central hub feature usually resembling a crude volcano cone.
 The cone includes a second, much smaller central pit or "crater" which is partially filled with rum or other flammable high-alcohol liquor.
 The "crater" liquor is then ignited, creating a mild volcanic ambience with its central blue flame.
Flaming beverages include cocktails and other mixed drinks that contain flammable, high-proof alcohol, which is ignited prior to consumption.
 The alcohol may be an integral part of the drink, or it may be floated as a thin layer across the top of the drink.
 The flames are mostly for dramatic flair.
 However, in combination with certain ingredients, the flavor of the drink is altered.
 Some flavors are enhanced, and it may impart a toasted flavor to some drinks.
A Flaming Doctor Pepper is a flaming cocktail said to taste like the soft drink Dr Pepper, although Dr Pepper is not one of its ingredients.
Ricky Helton Wilson (March 19, 1953 – October 12, 1985) was an American musician best known as the original guitarist and founding member of rock band the B-52's.
 Born in Athens, Georgia, Wilson was the brother of fellow member Cindy Wilson.
 The B-52's was founded in 1977, when Ricky, his sister Cindy, Kate Pierson, Keith Strickland and Fred Schneider shared a tropical flaming volcano drink at a Chinese restaurant and, after an impromptu music session at the home of their friend Owen Scott III, played for the first time at a Valentine's Day party for friends.
.
 Wilson's unusual guitar tunings were a large contribution to the band's quirky sound .
Tweed Volcano is a partially eroded Early Miocene shield volcano located in northeastern New South Wales, which formed when this region of Australia passed over the East Australia hotspot around 23 million years ago.
 Mount Warning, Lamington Plateau and the Border Ranges between New South Wales and Queensland are among the remnants of this volcano that was originally over 100 km in diameter and nearly twice the height of Mount Warning today, at 1156 m .
 Despite its size, Tweed Volcano was not a supervolcano; other shield volcanoes - such as on Hawaii - are much larger.
 In the 23 million years since the volcano was active, erosion has been extensive, forming a large erosion caldera around the volcanic plug of Mount Warning.
 Its erosion caldera is the largest in the Southern Hemisphere.
"Flaming Moe's" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"' third season.
 It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 21, 1991.
 In the episode, Homer tells Moe Szyslak of a secret alcoholic cocktail that includes cough medicine and fire that he calls "Flaming Homer".
 Moe steals the recipe from Homer, renames the drink the "Flaming Moe" and begins selling it at his tavern.
 The drink is a success and boosts business and patronage, but Homer is angry at Moe for his betrayal, and seeks revenge.
