Lost in La Mancha is a 2002 documentary film about Terry Gilliam's unfinished film "The Man Who Killed Don Quixote", a film adaptation of the novel "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes.
 It was shot in 2000 during Gilliam's first attempt to make the film with the purpose of being its making-of, but Gilliam's failure in making the movie led it to be retitled "Lost in la Mancha" and to be released independently.
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a 2009 fantasy film directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam and Charles McKeown.
 The film follows a travelling theatre troupe whose leader, having made a bet with the Devil, takes audience members through a magical mirror to explore their imaginations and present them with a choice between self-fulfilling enlightenment or gratifying ignorance.
Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl is a 1982 British concert comedy film directed by Terry Hughes (with the film segments by Ian MacNaughton) and starring the Monty Python comedy troupe (Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, and Michael Palin) as they perform many of their greatest sketches at the Hollywood Bowl.
 The film also features Carol Cleveland in numerous supporting roles and Neil Innes performing songs.
 Also present for the shows and participating as an 'extra' was Python superfan Kim "Howard" Johnson.
Story Time is a 1979 short animated comedy compilation film written, directed and animated by Terry Gilliam.
 It is compiled from several of Gilliam's works from the late 1960s and early 1970s, and stylistically resembles the distinctive animations which Gilliam produced in that period for "Monty Python's Flying Circus".
Absolutely Anything is a 2015 British science fiction comedy film directed by Terry Jones, and written by Jones and Gavin Scott.
 The film stars Simon Pegg, Kate Beckinsale, Sanjeev Bhaskar, Rob Riggle, Eddie Izzard and Joanna Lumley, with the voices of Michael Palin, Terry Jones, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, Eric Idle and Robin Williams in his final film role.
 It was the first film to feature all living Monty Python members since 1983's "Monty Python's The Meaning of Life".
 Principal photography and production began on 24 March 2014, and ended on 12 May 2014.
 The film was released in the United Kingdom on 14 August 2015 by Lionsgate UK.
 The film grossed $3.8 million worldwide.
Monty Python and the Holy Grail is a 1975 British absurdist comedy film concerning the Arthurian legend, written and performed by the Monty Python comedy group (Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, and Michael Palin), and directed by Gilliam and Jones.
 It was conceived during the hiatus between the third and fourth series of their BBC television series "Monty Python's Flying Circus".
Pythonesque is a Monty Python-related play by the British playwright Roy Smiles.
 It is based on Graham Chapman's battle with alcohol and his death from cancer.
 It continues with his rise in comedy and his getting the lead in "Monty Python And The Holy Grail" (1975) and "Monty Python's Life Of Brian" (1979).
 It was first performed in South Africa in 2008 and made its British debut at the 2009 Edinburgh Fringe Festival where it starred Matt Addis as Terry Jones, and Michael Palin, James Lance as Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Mark Oosterveen as John Cleese, and Chris Polick as Graham Chapman.
Monty Python Live at Aspen was a reunion show featuring the surviving members of the Monty Python team: John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones and Michael Palin, appearing on stage together for the first time since their Hollywood Bowl shows in 1980.
 Filmed on 7 March 1998 at the Wheeler Opera House in Colorado as part of The US Comedy Arts Festival, it featured the five Pythons in an interview with host Robert Klein.
 The late Graham Chapman was also allegedly in attendance as his "ashes" were brought out in an urn, only to be knocked over by Terry Gilliam.
The Man Who Killed Don Quixote is an upcoming fantasy-adventure-comedy film directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam and Tony Grisoni, loosely based on the novel "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes.
 It is widely recognized as one of the most infamous examples of development hell in film history, with Gilliam unsuccessfully attempting to make the film a total of eight times over the span of nineteen years.
Brazil is a 1985 dystopian science fiction film directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam, Charles McKeown, and Tom Stoppard.
 The film stars Jonathan Pryce and features Robert De Niro, Kim Greist, Michael Palin, Katherine Helmond, Bob Hoskins and Ian Holm.
