Carrier Canal is an irrigation canal in Kern County, California.
 It originates from a common diversion at Manor Street in Bakersfield, which also supplies the Kern Island Canal and Eastside Canal.
 The common diversion originates from the Kern River about 1 mi south of Gordon's Ferry.
 There are additional diversions from the Kern River at Golden State Highway (SR 204 freeway) and Coffee Road.
 The canal terminates at the Kern River, near Enos Lane west of Bakersfield.
 For its entire length, it runs roughly parallel to the Kern River.
The Orleans Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans, Louisiana.
 The canal, along with the 17th Street Canal and the London Avenue Canal, form the New Orleans Outfall Canals.
 The current version of the canal is about 2 km long, running along the up-river side of City Park, through the Lakeview and Lakeshore neighborhood, and into Lake Pontchartrain.
 It is part of the system used to pump rain water out of the streets of the city into the Lake.
 The Canal has also been known as the Orleans Avenue Canal, the Orleans Outfall Canal, the Orleans Tail Race, and early on, the Girod Canal,
The New River is a tidal estuary in South Florida, United States.
 The river is connected to the Everglades through a series of man made canals.
 After passing through Fort Lauderdale, the river connects to the Atlantic Ocean at Port Everglades cut.
 The river is entirely within Broward County and is composed from the junction of three main canals which originate in the Everglades, splitting off from the Miami Canal.
 They are the North New River Canal, which flows on the north side of State Road 84 / Interstate 595; the South New River Canal, which flows on the north side of Griffin Road and the south side of Orange Drive; and a canal which flows south of Sunrise Boulevard.
The Dundee Canal was an industrial canal in Clifton and Passaic in Passaic County, New Jersey.
 It was built between 1858 and 1861 and ran parallel to the Passaic River.
 It supplied hydropower and water for manufacturing.
 There was interest by some members of the business community to modify the canal to support navigational uses, but the canal was never used for that purpose.
The Riverside Canal is an irrigation canal in El Paso County beginning southeast of El Paso, Texas.
 The canal acquires water from the Riverside Diversion Dam on the Rio Grande 15 mi southeast of El Paso.
 The canal is managed by the US Bureau of Reclamation.
 The canal extends for 17.2 mi with a capacity of 900 cubic feet per second.
 Water from the canal irrigates about 39,000 acres (160 km²).
 The canal and diversion dam is the southernmost system on an irrigation project extending along the Rio Grande in New Mexico and Texas.
 The canal supplies a canal network extending throughout the Upper Rio Grande Valley.
Kern Island Canal is an irrigation canal in Kern County, California.
 It primarily irrigates farmland located on the Kern Lakebed, south of Bakersfield.
 It originates from a common diversion at Manor Street in Bakersfield, which also supplies the Carrier Canal and Eastside Canal.
 The common diversion originates from the Kern River about 1 mi south of Gordon's Ferry.
The Karakum Canal (Qaraqum Canal, Kara Kum Canal, Garagum Canal; Russian: Каракумский канал , "Karakumsky Kanal", Turkmen: Garagum kanaly , گَرَگوُم كَنَلیٛ, "Гарагум каналы") in Turkmenistan is one of the largest irrigation and water supply canals in the world.
 Started in 1954, and completed in 1988, it is navigable over much of its 1375 km length, and carries 13 km3 of water annually from the Amu-Darya River across the Karakum Desert in Turkmenistan.
 The canal opened up huge new tracts of land to agriculture, especially to cotton monoculture heavily promoted by the Soviet Union, and supplying Ashgabat with a major source of water.
 Unfortunately, the primitive construction of the canal allows almost 50 percent of the water to escape en route, creating lakes and ponds along the canal, and a rise in groundwater leading to widespread soil salinization problems.
 The canal is also a major factor leading to the Aral Sea environmental disaster.
The Miami Canal, or C-6 Canal, flows from Lake Okeechobee in the U.S. state of Florida to its terminus at the Miami River, which flows through downtown Miami.
 The canal flows in a south and southeasterly direction for approximately 77 miles, and passes through three counties: Broward, Palm Beach, and Miami-Dade.
 It was constructed in the early part of the 20th century to drain the Everglades Agricultural Area (EAA).
The history of Over-the-Rhine is almost deep as the history of Cincinnati.
 Over-the-Rhine's built environment has undergone many cultural and demographic changes.
 The toponym "Over-the-Rhine" is a reference to the Miami and Erie Canal as the Rhine of Ohio.
 An early reference to the canal as "the Rhine" appears in the 1853 book "White, Red, Black", in which traveler Ferenc Pulszky wrote, "The Germans live all together across the Miami Canal, which is, therefore, here jocosely called the 'Rhine.' "
 In 1875 writer Daniel J. Kenny referred to the area exclusively as "Over the Rhine."
 He noted, "Germans and Americans alike love to call the district 'Over the Rhine.' "
The Golovnaya Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Vakhsh River just east of Sarband in Khatlon Province, Tajikistan.
 It serves to provide water to a system of irrigation canals and generate hydroelectric power.
 The first generator was commissioned in 1962 and the last in 1963.
 Between 1984 and 1989 three of the Kaplan turbines were upgraded from 35 MW to 45 MW.
 Two of the turbines in the 240 MW power station discharge water into a canal on the left bank of the river.
 Water from this canal serves to irrigate but also supplies the 29.9 MW Perepadnaya and 15.1 MW Centralnaya Hydroelectric Power Plants located further down.
 The reservoir has a design storage volume of 96000000 m3 by an estimated 80 percent of this is now silt.
