Mickey Rooney Jr. (born Joseph Yule III; July 3, 1945) is an American former actor, and the eldest son of the actor Mickey Rooney.
 He operates the Rooney Entertainment Group, a movie and TV production company.
 He is a born-again Christian, and he has an evangelical ministry in Hemet, California.
A Miser Brothers' Christmas is a stop motion spin-off special based on some of the characters from the 1974 Rankin-Bass special "The Year Without a Santa Claus".
 Distributed by Warner Bros.
 Animation under their Warner Premiere label (the rights holders of the post-1974 Rankin-Bass library) and Toronto-based Cuppa Coffee Studios, the one-hour special premiered on ABC Family on Saturday, December 13, 2008, during the network's annual The 25 Days of Christmas programming.
 Mickey Rooney and George S. Irving reprised their respective roles as Santa Claus and Heat Miser at ages 88 and 86.
 Snow Miser, originally portrayed by Dick Shawn who died in 1987, was voiced by Juan Chioran, while Mrs. Claus, voiced by Shirley Booth in the original, was portrayed by Catherine Disher (because Booth had died in 1992).
 The movie aimed to emulate the Rankin/Bass animation style.
 This is the last Christmas special to feature Mickey Rooney as Santa Claus, as he died in 2014, as well as the last time George Irving voiced Heat Miser, as he died in 2016.
Michael Joseph Rooney (born April 2, 1962) is an American choreographer.
 He is the son of actor Mickey Rooney.
 Best known for his work on a number of music videos, Rooney has won MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography five times.
Off Limits is a 1953 comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Bob Hope, Mickey Rooney and Marilyn Maxwell.
 Hope plays a manager who enlists in the army to keep an eye on his boxer, who has been drafted.
 The picture was written by Hal Kanter and Jack Sher, and was released in the UK as Military Policemen, as the characters played by Hope and Rooney join the military police.
Mickey's Medicine Man is a 1931 talkie short film in Larry Darmour's "Mickey McGuire" series starring a young Mickey Rooney.
 Directed by Jesse Duffy, the two-reel short was released to theaters on December 19, 1931 by RKO Radio Pictures.
 It was one of the few Mickey McGuire shorts without Mickey Rooney in the cast.
The Atomic Kid is a 1954 American black-and-white science fiction comedy film from Republic Pictures, produced by Maurice Duke and Mickey Rooney, directed by Leslie H. Martinson, that stars Mickey Rooney and Robert Strauss.
Bus Stop is a 26-episode American drama which aired on ABC from October 1, 1961, until March 25, 1962, starring Marilyn Maxwell as Grace Sherwood, the owner of a bus station and diner in the fictitious town of Sunrise in the Colorado Rockies.
 The program was adapted from William Inge's play, "Bus Stop", and Inge was a script consultant for the series, which followed the lives of travelers passing through the bus station and the diner.
 Maxwell's co-stars were Richard Anderson as District Attorney Glenn Wagner, Rhodes Reason as Sheriff Will Mayberry, Joan Freeman as waitress Elma Gahrigner, Bernard Kates as Ralph the coroner, and Buddy Ebsen as Virge Blessing.
The Adventures of The Black Stallion is a television series that starred Mickey Rooney and Richard Ian Cox, as a trainer and a teenaged horse racer and was loosely based on the book series by Walter Farley.
 The series originally ran on The Family Channel and YTV from September 15, 1990 to May 16, 1993, before cancellation.
 It has since been shown in re-runs throughout the world.
 Mickey Rooney is the only original cast member from "The Black Stallion" to reprise his role in the show.
The Mickey Rooney Show (also known as Hey, Mulligan) is an American sitcom that aired from 1954 to 1955 on NBC.
 The series stars Mickey Rooney (in his first television role) who was particularly remembered for his starring role in numerous Andy Hardy films made between 1937 and 1958, which overlapped with "Hey Mulligan".
The Extraordinary Seaman is a 1969 American comedy war film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring David Niven, Faye Dunaway, Alan Alda, Mickey Rooney, and Jack Carter.
 Apart from his participation in the documentaries "That's Entertainment!
" (1974), and "That's Entertainment!
 III" (1994), the movie is notable for being the last film Mickey Rooney acted in which was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
