Sonny Kiriakis is a fictional character from the NBC Daytime soap opera, "Days of Our Lives" portrayed by Freddie Smith.
 Sonny is the only biological child of supercouple, Justin Kiriakis (Wally Kurth) and Adrienne Johnson Kiriakis (Judi Evans).
 Sonny's off screen birth was announced onscreen in 1991.
 Created under head writer Dena Higley, Sonny was introduced onscreen in 2011 by executive producers Ken Corday and Gary Tomlin as Justin and Adrienne's openly gay son—and the first gay character in the show's history.
 His major stories included a gay bashing storyline and the development of his romance with Will Horton (then Chandler Massey) who is just coming to terms with his sexuality.
 Sonny and Will (Guy Wilson) marry in 2014 becoming only the second same-sex couple to legally marry in the history of American daytime television.
 Sonny is also known for his friendship and business dealings with Chad DiMera (Casey Deidrick) -- a relationship that nearly gets him killed when their sports website is taken over by an illegal gambling operation.
Lombardi is a 2010 documentary film surrounding Pro Football Hall of Fame head coach Vince Lombardi produced by NFL Films and HBO.
 The documentary is one of three productions detailing Lombardi, along with a Broadway theatre and ESPN feature film.
 Besides focusing on his coaching career with the Green Bay Packers, it also details his playing days at Fordham University and being part of the Seven Blocks of Granite offensive line, along with being a high school coach and teacher at Englewood, New Jersey's St. Cecilia High School.
 Among the people interviewed are Lombardi's children and Hall of Famers Sam Huff, Frank Gifford, Bart Starr and Sonny Jurgensen.
 HBO found much of the clips in the documentary at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 The documentary was aired at Lambeau Field on November 18, the Pro Football Hall of Fame on November 27, and the College Football Hall of Fame on December 1 before airing on HBO on December 11.
The Yarnell Hill Fire was a wildfire near Yarnell, Arizona, ignited by lightning on June 28, 2013.
 On June 30, it overran and killed 19 City of Prescott firefighters, members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots.
 It was the deadliest U.S. wildfire since the 1991 East Bay Hills fire, which killed 25 people; the deadliest wildland fire for U.S. firefighters since the 1933 Griffith Park Fire, which killed 29; and the deadliest incident of any kind for U.S. firefighters since the September 11, 2001, attacks, which killed 343.
 It is the sixth-deadliest American firefighter disaster overall and the deadliest wildfire ever in Arizona.
Yousif Sheronick (born 1967, Cedar Rapids, IA) is a percussionist, arranger, and composer, who works in classical, world, jazz and rock genres.
 The child of Lebanese immigrants, Sheronick graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in Cedar Rapids in 1984, earned an undergraduate music degree at the University of Iowa, where his principal teacher was Thomas L. Davis, and then a master's degree at Yale University in 1991; his principal teacher at Yale was .
 He moved to New York where he worked with Glen Velez, whom he considers a mentor and in whose ensemble Handance he has been a long-term member.
 Since 1996 he has been a member of the Ethos Percussion Group.
 He has toured internationally with Foday Musa Suso and Philip Glass in a production of Glass's "The Screens", and has also performed with Yo-Yo Ma, Branford Marsalis, Sonny Fortune, Cindy Blackman-Santana, Paul Winter and, most recently, duoJalal with violist and wife Kathryn Lockwood of the Lark Quartet.
 He has published compositions and instructional videos, and has recorded with Ethos, Jalal, the Lark Quartet, and in a solo CD.
Carlton Kitto (c. 1942 – 28 November 2016) was a Bebop jazz guitarist from Kolkata, India.
 He was born in Bangalore, where he started working in the railways in his early days.
 Kitto later started his music career in Chennai in the 1960s.
 He moved to Kolkata in 1973 and became a part of the band "Jazz Ensemble" in Moulin Rogue, an upscale restaurant in Park Street, Kolkata.
 After two years he started playing in another restaurant named Mocambo in the same locality.
 He was a teacher of jazz and classical guitar at the Calcutta School of Music and also performed in some of the restaurants and pubs, such as the Chowringhee Bar, Trincas, Blue Fox and Someplace Else in Kolkata.
 Kitto had the distinction of playing along with other legendary jazz musicians such as Sonny Rollins, Clark Terry, David Leibman, Larry Coryell, Chico Freeman and Charlie Byrd.
 He died on 28 November 2016 at the age of 74 after a long illness.
Victor "Sonny" Stancarone is an American Internet personality, holistic health & wellness teacher, improvisational jazz pianist, and graduate from Adelphi University.
 A former yoga teacher and exercise physiologist, he promotes piano playing for health & well-being through his website "SonnysPianoTV.com", instructional DVD kit, and Internet show "Sonny's Piano TV Show", which also airs on Long Island Cablevision public-access television cable TV.
Howard Newton "Sonny" Keys was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League from 1960 to 1965 with the Philadelphia Eagles.
 He was born in Orlando, Oklahoma, on January 24, 1935.
 Sonny was a star athlete for the Pioneers at Stillwater High School in Stillwater, Oklahoma where he played football, basketball, baseball and track.
 He was named to the Oklahoma All-State football team and played in the All Stars game and the Oil Bowl.
 His high school named Sonny "Mr. Pioneer."
 He played all positions on the line, including center.
 He went to college at Oklahoma State University in Stillwater.
 At OSU, he was part of the Cowboys championship Blue Grass Bowl game which was broadcast by Howard Cosell.
 Sonny is described as a "mauling defender" in OSU's Heritage Hall Museum in historic Gallagher-Iba Arena.
 He was drafted in the 12th round of the 1959 NFL Draft.
 He was a part of Buck Shaw's 1960 NFL Championship season.
 He played five seasons with the Eagles and was known for knowing and playing every position on the offensive line.
 His family was featured in many local advertisements including Food Fair and a dairy distributorship.
 His teammate, Tommy McDonald, cited a tough Sonny Keys in the book "They Pay Me to Catch Footballs."
 In 1965, he joined Jerry Williams of the Calgary Stampeders as an assistant coach.
 After the Stampeders went to the Canadian Grey Cup, he chose to return to the NFL as an assistant coach with the Cleveland Browns under head coach Nick Skorich.
 After his death from complications of cancer in 1971, the Philadelphia Eagles dedicated their annual Christmas card to his memory.
 His outstanding scouting and recruiting abilities made his legacy live on in the NFL.
 For example, he brought fellow OSU alum, Jerry Sherk, to the Cleveland Browns, along with other top talents.
 As part of the 1960s world championship football team, Sonny was inducted into the city of Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame in 2006.
Carmel Celine Marguerite Valentine (also McQueen) is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Gemma Merna.
 She debuted on-screen during episodes airing on 13 August 2006 and was introduced by series producer Bryan Kirkwood as part of the McQueen family.
 Carmel has proved popular with fans with her comedic personality and has become notable for her "dumb blonde" appearance.
 Carmel was killed-off as she saved her cousin, Theresa McQueen (Jorgie Porter) from Sonny Valentine (Aaron Fontaine) during the "End of the Line" storyline.
 Her most prominent storylines include her marriage to Sonny's brother Calvin Valentine (Ricky Whittle), her facial disfigurement after a tanning machine explodes in her face, the renewal of her wedding vows to Calvin end in tragedy after he was shot dead by Theresa, her relationship with Jim McGinn (Dan Tetsell), her feud with Theresa and infatuation with Theresa and Calvin's daughter Kathleen-Angel McQueen, beginning a relationship with Sonny and being killed in an explosion following a train crash at her cousin Porsche McQueen's wedding reception.
The Sonny Bono Salton Sea National Wildlife Refuge is located 40 mi north of the Mexican border at the southern end of the Salton Sea in California’s Imperial Valley.
 Situated along the Pacific Flyway, the Refuge is the only one of its kind, located 227 ft below sea level.
 Because of its southern latitude, elevation and location in the Colorado Desert, the Refuge experiences some of the highest temperatures in the nation.
 Daily temperatures from May to October generally exceed 100 °F with temperatures of 116°–120 °F recorded yearly.
Simon "Sonny" Valentine is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks", played by Aaron Fontaine.
 The role was initially played by Devon Anderson until 2007 when producer Bryan Kirkwood fired Anderson.
 In 2014, the role was recast when Kirkwood decided to reintroduce the character.
 On 12 November 2014, Sonny was killed-off in a train explosion along with Carmel McQueen (Gemma Merna), when Carmel rescued her cousin Theresa McQueen (Jorgie Porter) from Sonny.
