Chelsham and Farleigh is a civil parish in the Tandridge District of Surrey, England.
 The parish is high on the North Downs and centred 14 mi south-southeast of central London and it adjoins the Greater London boundary; it is a predominantly rural/wooded parish aside from minority of land used for homes and gardens.
 Other than the villages of Chelsham and Farleigh, the parish also includes the hamlet of Fickleshole.
 The parish was created on 1 April 1969 as an amalgamation of its two named small villages.
Sanderstead is a village in the London Borough of Croydon, situated on high ground at the edge of the built-up area of Greater London.
 From 1915 to 1965 it formed a parish in the Coulsdon and Purley Urban District of Surrey.
 Having been a farming community in previous centuries, Sanderstead is now essentially a dormitory village for commuters to central London and Croydon.
 The Grade I listed All Saints' Church dates from the 13th century but was extensively altered in later periods.
 Sanderstead station is lower down the hill and has trains to East Croydon and central London, and to East Grinstead and Uckfield.
 Sanderstead was the place of origin of the Sanders surname.
Shenley is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England, between Barnet and St Albans.
 The village is located 18.7 miles from Central London.
Watford Rural is a civil parish in the Three Rivers District of Hertfordshire, England.
 Located approximately 14 mi northwest of central London and adjacent to the Greater London boundary, it is an urbanised parish characterised by suburban residential development.
 The local council is Watford Rural Parish Council.
 The parish covers South Oxhey and Carpenders Park, which although part of the Watford urban area, are outside the borough of Watford.
 The parish was created in 1894 when the ancient Watford parish was split into urban and rural parishes.
 At the 2001 census it had a population of 20,250.
Ridge is a village and civil parish in the Hertsmere borough of Hertfordshire, situated between Potters Bar and Shenley.
 At the 2011 Census the village was a civil parish in its own name.
 The population of the parish was 177.
 It has a church, St Margaret's; a children's playground; and the Old Guinea public house, which serves food on most days.
 The village holds an annual fete on the August bank holiday.
 Ridge is surrounded by countryside with numerous public footpaths.
 In 1926, the parish boundary between Ridge, Hertfordshire, and South Mimms, Middlesex, was subject to a minor adjustment.
Shenley Hall is a Grade II listed country house at Shenley in Hertfordshire.
Sir John Cutts (or Cutt) (1545–1615), of Horham Hall, Essex; Shenley Hall, Hertfordshire and Childerley, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.
The South Bank is an entertainment and commercial district of central London, next to the River Thames opposite the City of Westminster.
 It forms a narrow, unequal strip of riverside land within the London Borough of Lambeth and the London Borough of Southwark where it joins Bankside.
 As with most central London districts its edges evolve and are informally defined however its central area is bounded by Westminster Bridge and Blackfriars Bridge.
 Its name was adopted during the Festival of Britain over the local less attractive name of 'Lambeth Marsh'; it includes the County Hall, complex with the Sea Life London Aquarium, the London Dungeon, Jubilee Gardens and the London Eye, the Southbank Centre, Royal Festival Hall and National Theatre, among its long list of attractions.
 Both the County Hall and the Shell Centre contain major residential parts.
Colnbrook with Poyle is a civil parish in the borough of Bracknell in Berkshire, England.
 Located approximately 17 mi west of central London and adjacent to the Greater London boundary, it is an urbanised parish with some industrial development and open land.
 The local council is Colnbrook with Poyle Parish Council.
 The parish was created on 1 April 1995 as an amalgamation of Colnbrook from the parish of Iver with Poyle from an unparished area.
 At the 2001 census it had a population of 5,426.
Woldingham is a village and civil parish high on the North Downs in Surrey within the M25, 17.5 mi south-by-southeast of London; its buildings lie at 150–248m AOD.
 Situated between Oxted and Warlingham, the village has 2,141 inhabitants.
 Central London can be reached in 33 minutes by train and the village is served by the Oxted lines.
 Many of Woldingham's inhabitants work in Croydon or central London, making Woldingham part of the London commuter belt.
