Sarah Solemani is an award winning English actress, writer and activist, best known for starring in the BAFTA winning sitcom "Him & Her" , playing Renee Zellweger's best friend 'Miranda' in Working Title's "Bridget Jones's Baby", for which she was nominated for an Evening Standard Best Actress Award, and for her role as Rosie Gulliver in "Bad Education".
Sir Michael John Gambon {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 19 October 1940) is an Irish-born English actor who has worked in theatre, television and film.
 Gambon has played the eponymous mystery writer protagonist in the BBC television serial "The Singing Detective", Jules Maigret in the 1990s ITV serial "Maigret", and Professor Albus Dumbledore in the final six "Harry Potter" films after the death of previous actor Richard Harris.
 He has won four BAFTA TV Awards and three Olivier Awards.
Michelle Terry is an Olivier award winning English actress and writer, known for extensive work for Shakespeare’s Globe, RSC, National Theatre and television work, notably writing and starring in Sky's "The Café".
 Terry will take up the role of artistic director at Shakespeare's Globe in April 2018 .
Dame Eileen June Atkins, DBE (born 16 June 1934) is an English actress and occasional screenwriter.
 She has worked in the theatre, film, and television consistently since 1953.
 In 2008, she won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress and the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie for "Cranford".
 She is also a three-time Olivier Award winner, winning Best Supporting Performance in 1988 (for Multiple roles) and Best Actress for "The Unexpected Man" (1999) and "Honour" (2004).
 She was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1990 and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 2001.
Sons and Lovers is a 1981 BBC television serial based on the D. H. Lawrence book "Sons and Lovers".
 It starred Eileen Atkins, Tom Bell, Karl Johnson, Lynn Dearth and Leonie Mellinger.
 It was adapted by Trevor Griffiths and directed by Stuart Burge, and originally shown as seven episodes.
 It aired in the US as part of the PBS's Masterpiece Theatre program in 1982.
Jessica Swale is an Olivier Award winning playwright, theatre director and screenwriter.
 Her first play, "Blue Stockings," premiered at Shakespeare's Globe in 2013.
 It is widely performed by UK amateur companies and is also studied on the Drama GCSE syllabus.
 In 2016 her play "Nell Gwynn" won the Olivier Award for Best New Comedy, after it transferred from the Globe to the West End, starring Gemma Arterton as the eponymous heroine.
Juliet Aubrey (born 17 December 1966) is an award winning English actress of theatre, film, and television.
 Amongst other roles she is particularly celebrated for playing Dorothea in "Middlemarch", and Helen Cutter in "Primeval".
Paul Baker (b. April 26) is an Olivier Award winning British musical theatre star.
 He is remarked as one of the stage's most versatile performers based from his performances.
 He is best remembered for his roles in "Taboo", for which he won his Olivier Award, and the 2000 West End Mega-flop "Napoleon" in the title role.
 He is featured on the cast recordings of these two musicals.
Alex Jennings (born 10 May 1957) is an English actor, who has worked extensively with the Royal Shakespeare Company and National Theatre.
 A three-time Olivier Award winner, he won for "Too Clever by Half" (1988), "Peer Gynt" (1996), and "My Fair Lady" (2003).
 He is the only performer to have won Olivier awards in the drama, musical and comedy categories.
 He played Prince Charles in the 2006 film "The Queen".
 His other film appearances include "The Wings of the Dove" (1997), "" (2004), "Babel" (2006) and "The Lady in the Van" (2015).
Frances de la Tour (also Frances J. de Lautour, 30 July 1944) is an English actress, known for her role as Miss Ruth Jones in the television sitcom "Rising Damp" from 1974 until 1978.
 She is a Tony Award winner and three-time Olivier Award winner.
