Felix von Kraus (October 3, 1870 - October 30, 1937) was an Austrian dramatic bass.
 Born in Vienna, he received a doctorate in musicology from the University of Vienna in 1894; as a singer, however, he was mainly self-taught.
 He made his debut at Bayreuth as Hagen in "Götterdämmerung" in 1899 and was heard thereafter at numerous Bayreuth Festivals and at other opera houses throughout Europe; he specialized in the works of Richard Wagner.
 In 1908 he became the artistic director of the Munich Opera; that same year he became a professor at the Munich Conservatory.
 Among his students was the Swiss tenor and early music specialist Max Meili and heldentenor Karel Burian.
 In 1899 Kraus married the American contralto Adrienne Osborne, also a Wagnerian.
 He had a child called Max Kraus.
 He retired from the stage in 1927 and died in Munich in 1937.
Max Weinreich (22 April 1894 in Kuldīga, Russian Empire, now Latvia – 29 January 1969 in New York City, United States) was a Russian Jewish linguist, specializing in sociolinguistics and Yiddish, and the father of the linguist Uriel Weinreich, who edited the "Modern Yiddish-English English-Yiddish Dictionary".
Nicholas Evans (born 26 July 1950) is an English journalist, screenwriter television and film producer and novelist.
 Evans was born in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, and educated at Bromsgrove School before studying at St. Edmund Hall, Oxford.
 He also served in Africa with the charity Voluntary Service Overseas.
 He then studied journalism and worked as a newspaper reporter and television screenwriter.
 He lives in Devon.
 He has a son, Max Evans, who is head of geography at Preston Manor High School, and a daughter, Lauren.
 He also has another son, Harry, from a relationship he had with Jane Hewland, the TV producer known for "Network 7" and "GamesMaster".
Mark Potter (born June 13, 1960 in Kingston, Ontario) has been a well-known sports broadcaster in Eastern Ontario for over thirty years.
 Born and raised in Portsmouth Village in Kingston, Potter has worked both hockey and baseball broadcasts on TV & radio spanning four decades.
 His sports broadcasting career began in 1981 when he replaced Chris Cuthbert (now lead sports announcer at TSN) as the colour man for Jim Gilchrist on Kingston Canadians Ontario Hockey League radio broadcasts for seven seasons.
 Potter began his television career in 1981 at CKWS TV in Kingston, Ontario working alongside the legendary Max Jackson (member of the Kingston & District Sports Hall of Fame).
 Max retired in 1982 and Potter became Sports Director at CKWS TV & Radio.
 He anchored the nightly sports reports on the six o'clock and 11 o'clock evening newscasts on CKWS-TV for eleven years.
 He built a reputation as a colourful, outspoken commentator and his favourite target was the hapless Toronto Maple Leafs teams of that era.
 Potter left CKWS in 1992 to start a new career as an Investment Advisor, but has continued working as a freelance broadcaster with TVCogeco in Kingston.
 He hosted a weekly one-hour local sports interview show called 'SportsMark'.
 It ran for five-years and after a brief hiatus he returned hosting a weekly 30-minute sports interview program called 'Sports Profiles'.
 Potter has been the TV play by play voice of the Kingston Ponies Senior baseball team on TVCogeco since the late 1980s and for the past ten-years has hosted Kingston Frontenacs OHL broadcasts on TVCogeco.
 In addition he hosts a weekly OHL intermission feature called 'The OHL Roundtable" that is shown in several OHL cities.
 Potter began his career as a radio announcer at CKWS/CFMK radio in the late 1970s after graduating from Loyalist College in Belleville, Ontario from the Broadcast Journalism program.
 He anchored TV sports in Kingston starting at the age of twenty; the youngest anchor in the history of CKWS-TV, a station that goes back to the mid-1950s.
 Potter also does radio work as the occasional co-host of the 'Big G & Mathews' morning drive show on KIX Country 93.5fm in Kingston.
 In 2005 he won a prestigious TVCogeco STAR Award for being named the top broadcaster in Ontario for Cogeco stations.
 A dedicated longtime community volunteer Potter has been a finalist for Kingston's Citizen of the Year award and a recipient of the Paul Harris Fellow; the highest honour given by Rotary International for community service.
 He is in his tenth year as President of the International Hockey Hall of Fame in Kingston, Ontario, Canada and has been on the Board of Directors since the early 1980s.
 In 2003, he co-authored a book with J.W. 'Bill' Fitsell "Hockey's Hub-Three Centuries of Hockey in Kingston," (published by Quarry Press) that chronicles Kingston's rich hockey heritage.
"A language is a dialect with an army and navy" is a quip or humorous adage about the arbitrariness of the distinction between a dialect and a language.
 It points out the influence that social and political conditions can have over a community's perception of the status of a language or dialect.
 The adage was popularized by the sociolinguist and Yiddish scholar Max Weinreich, who heard it from a member of the audience at one of his lectures.
Johannes Franciscus "Jos" Verstappen (born 4 March 1972) is a Dutch former racing driver.
 After his F1 career Jos Verstappen has won races in A1 Grand Prix and Le Mans Series LMP2 races (winning the 24 hours of Le Mans LMP2 class in 2008).
 Prior to his F1 début in 1994, he was also the German Formula Three champion and Masters of Formula Three winner in 1993.
.
 Jos was the most successful Dutch F1 racing driver before he retired and started mentoring his son Max to Formula 1.
 As of 2017 Max is the most successful Dutch F1 racing driver.
François Boucher (1860c.
 1936) was a Canadian violinist and music educator.
 Born in Montreal, Boucher was the son of Canadian publisher and musician Adélard Joseph Boucher and the brother of conductor Joseph-Arthur Boucher.
 His initial violin studies were with Jules Hone and Frantz Jehin-Prume.
 In 1876 he went to Europe to study at the Royal Conservatory of Liège with Lambert Massart.
 After returning to Canada, he had a triumphany success in Montreal performing Felix Mendelssohn's "Violin Concerto in E minor, Op. 64" in 1881.
 In 1882 he and his father established a successful music store in Ottawa.
 That same year he began playing first violin in a string quartet and working as a teacher.
 In 1887 he joined the faculty of the Toronto Conservatory of Music.
 He taught concurrently at the Toronto College of Music beginning in 1889.
 He was a soloist with the Toronto Philharmonic Society in 1893 where he had success performing Max Bruch's "Violin Concerto No. 1".
 In 1894 he emigrated to the United States.
 In 1906 he joined the faculty of the Kansas City Conservatory of Music, where he taught through 1923.
 His wife taught piano at the conservatory and his daughter was later a singing teacher at the school.
 He died in Kansas City.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" in 2015, by order of first appearance.
 All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins.
 January saw the arrival of the year's first baby, Matthew Mitchell Cotton, son of Ronnie Mitchell and Charlie Cotton.
 The following month saw the show celebrate its 30th anniversary with a live week, which oversaw the live arrivals of Vincent Hubbard, and the second baby born in 2015, Pearl Fox-Hubbard, Vincent's daughter with Kim Fox-Hubbard.
 In March, Claudette Hubbard arrived as Donna Yates' foster mother and an acquaintance of Les Coker followed by Stan Carter's friend Cyril Bishop and Sharon Mitchell's aunt Margaret Midhurst, whilst Denise van Outen joined in April as Karin Smart.
 May saw the arrivals of June Whitfield as Sister Ruth, Mick and Linda Carter's son Ollie Carter, the year's third baby, Mo Harris' business associate Fat Elvis and Kush Kazemi's mother, Carmel.
 Paul Coker, the grandson of Les and Pam Coker, was introduced in June, as was Jade Green, the long-lost daughter of Shabnam Masood and Dean Wicks.
 After Kathy Sullivan's surprise return during the 30th anniversary in February, her husband Gavin Sullivan made his debut in August.
 September saw the arrivals of Max Branning's prosecution lawyer Hazel Warren and Louie Beale, the baby son of Lauren Branning and Peter Beale.
 In October, Elaine Peacock's toyboy lover Jason Adams was introduced, as well as first transgender character to be played by a transgender actor, Kyle Slater.
 December saw the birth of the year's fifth baby, Kush and Stacey Slater's son, Arthur Fowler.
Christopher George Maccabe CB (born 17 December 1946) is a former Political Director of the Northern Ireland Office, and a former British Joint Secretary of the British Irish Intergovernmental Conference.
 Since 2006 he has been involved in conflict resolution and political development in various parts of the world, including Sri Lanka, Kosovo, the Middle East, Tanzania, Iraq, Lebanon and Colombia .
 He is a member of a team appointed by the Minister of Justice in Northern Ireland to oversee the August 2010 agreement between the Minister and dissident republican prisoners in Maghaberry Prison.
 Since September 2011 he has been a member of the International Verification Commission in the Basque Country that monitors the permanent ceasefire declared by ETA at the beginning of that year.
 He is a Director of the Forum for Cities in Transition (Belfast) Ltd, the Independent Chair of the Belfast Conflict Resolution Consortium; and since March 2016, a Director of the Centre for Democracy and Peace Building.
 He was educated at Brackenber House School, the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, Queen’s University Belfast and the University of London.
 He is the son of Max (died 2000) and Gladys Maccabe MBE, a renowned Irish artist.
 He is married to Jenny and has three children.
Max Troy Barnes (born October 25, 1962) is an American country music singer, songwriter, studio musician and producer.
 He is the son of songwriter Max D. Barnes.
 He has written songs on albums that have sold over 20 million records.
 He currently writes for Ray Stevens Music publishing and lives in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
