"25 or 6 to 4" is a song written by the American musician Robert Lamm, one of the founding members of the rock/jazz fusion band Chicago.
 It was recorded in 1969 for their second album, "Chicago", with Peter Cetera on lead vocals.
 The album was released in January 1970 and the song was edited and released as a single in June of that same year, climbing to number four on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number seven on the UK Singles Chart.
 It was the band's first song to reach the top five in the U.S.
 This recording features an electric guitar solo using a wah-wah pedal by Chicago guitarist Terry Kath, and a lead vocal line in Aeolian mode.
 It has been included in numerous Chicago compilation albums.
"Free" is a song written by Robert Lamm as a part of the "Travel Suite" for the rock band Chicago and recorded for their third album "Chicago III" (1971), with Terry Kath singing lead vocals.
 It was the first single released from this album, and peaked at #20 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
Hot Streets is the tenth studio album (twelfth overall) by the American band Chicago, released in 1978.
 In many ways, "Hot Streets" marked the beginning of a new era for the band, turning to disco music, a move which would be derided in retrospect.
 It was also the band's first album with all-new material released since their second that didn't have a numbered title.
 It was also the first album not to feature original guitarist/vocalist Terry Kath, who died from an accidental self-inflicted gunshot wound in January 1978.
 He was replaced by Donnie Dacus on this album.
Chicago XI is the ninth studio album (eleventh overall) by the American band Chicago, released in 1977.
 The album marked the end of an era for Chicago in more ways than one.
 This would be the last Chicago album to feature guitarist and founding member Terry Kath prior to his death in an accident with a gun just over four months later, and the last Chicago album to be produced by James William Guercio.
"Brand New Love Affair," sometimes alternatively listed as "Brand New Love Affair (Parts I and II)", is a song written by James Pankow for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago VIII.
 The song peaked at #61 on the charts.
 Guitarist Terry Kath sings the first half while bassist Peter Cetera sings the second half.
 Keyboardist Robert Lamm played the distinctive Fender Rhodes electric piano on the song—the intro particularly showcases its lush vibrato bell-like sound.
"Prayer" is a song released on August 14, 2002 by the American heavy metal band Disturbed as the first single from their second album, "Believe".
 It was inspired by the death of vocalist David Draiman's grandfather as well as various circumstances after the September 11 attacks, and is about a conversation between Draiman and God.
 Upon release, many media outlets refused to air the "Prayer" music video, citing supposed similarities between the imagery of the music video and that of the September 11 attacks.
 "Prayer" peaked at number-three on two United States airplay charts, "Billboard"'s Mainstream Rock Tracks and Modern Rock Tracks charts, as well as peaking at number-fifty-eight on "Billboard"'s Hot 100 and number-fourteen on the Canadian Singles Chart.
 "Prayer" is Disturbed's second highest charting single on the Billboard Hot 100 and their highest charting single on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, and 1 of only 2 of their songs to reach the top 5 on the chart (the other being "Inside the Fire", which peaked at No. 4).
"Wishing You Were Here" is a song written by Peter Cetera for the group Chicago and recorded for their album "Chicago VII" (1974), with lead vocals by Terry Kath (uncredited on the original album package), while Cetera sang the song's bridge.
 The third single released from that album, it reached #11 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, #9 on the "Cash Box" Top 100, and hit #1 on the Easy Listening chart.
David Michael Draiman (born March 13, 1973) is an American songwriter and the vocalist for the band Disturbed as well as for the band Device.
 Draiman is known for his distorted voice and percussive singing style.
 In November 2006, Draiman was voted number 42 on the "Hit Parader"’s ""Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time"".
 Draiman has written some of Disturbed's most successful singles, such as "Stupify", "Down with the Sickness", "Indestructible", and "Inside the Fire".
Chicago 13 is the eleventh studio album by the American band Chicago, released in 1979.
 The follow-up to "Hot Streets", "Chicago 13" is often critically disfavored.
 This would be the band's final release that features lead guitarist Donnie Dacus, who had followed late, founding lead guitarist, Terry Kath.
 All band members would contribute to the songwriting (one of only two albums where this is the case, with the other being "Chicago VII").
Device was an industrial metal band started by David Draiman, frontman of the heavy metal group Disturbed.
 Draiman was approached by Geno Lenardo, former guitarist of Filter, and together they started to work on new material.
 The two started work on a debut album in June 2012.
 The result of those sessions, "Device", was released on April 9, 2013.
 The first single and third track, "Vilify" was released to radio ahead of the album on February 19, 2013, alongside its first music video, directed by P. R. Brown.
 The second single and the introductory track, "You Think You Know", was released on June 11, 2013, alongside its music video, directed once again by Brown.
