State Route 284 (SR 284, OH 284) is a north–south state highway in east central Ohio, a U.S. state.
 State Route 284 has its southern terminus is at State Route 83 approximately 8 mi northeast of McConnelsville, and just 0.25 mi north of the western split of the concurrency State Route 83 has with State Route 78.
 The northern terminus of State Route 284 is at a T-intersection with State Route 146 in the unincorporated community of Chandlersville.
 A portion of SR 284 is part of the Morgan County Scenic Byway.
State Route 377 (SR 377) is a north–south state highway located in southeastern Ohio, a U.S. state.
 The southern terminus of State Route 377 is at State Route 550 approximately 4 mi northeast of Amesville.
 Its northern terminus is at State Route 78 nearly 2 mi southwest of Malta.
The Arkansas Scenic Byways Program is a list of highways, mainly state highways, that have been designated by the Arkansas State Highway and Transportation Department (AHTD) as scenic highways.
 The Arkansas General Assembly designates routes for scenic byway status upon successful nomination.
 For a highway to be declared scenic, a group interested in preserving the scenic, cultural, recreational, and historic qualities of the route must be created.
 Mayors of all communities along the route and county judges from each affected county must be included in the organization.
 Scenic highways are marked with a circular shield in addition to regular route markers.
State Route 88 (SR 88) is a highway generally running in an east–west direction in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio.
 Its southern terminus is in Portage County at Ohio State Route 59; at the intersection of Freedom Street with Main Street in Ravenna.
Route 88 is labeled north-south southwest of US 422 and Ohio 528, and labeled east-west east of US 422 and Ohio 528.
 Route 88 follows a northerly direction for a little more than a mile along Freedom Street, to the State Route 14 and State Route 44 concurrency bypass.
 From here, the route heads in a northeasterly direction.
 Its next intersection is with State Route 700, at the southern terminus of the latter route.
 A quarter mile further to the northeast, Route 88 joins State Route 303 for about a half mile.
 State Route 88 then continues northeast, crossing over Interstate 80 and The Ohio Turnpike, before turning due north as it enters Garrettsville.
 Here, as South Street, the route intersects with State Route 82 (State Street), then becomes North Street before exiting the corporation limits.
The State Scenic Highway System is a list of highways, mainly state highways, that have been designated by the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) as scenic highways.
 The California State Legislature, primarily through , makes highways eligible for designation as a scenic highway.
 For a highway to be declared scenic, the government with jurisdiction over abutting land must adopt a "scenic corridor protection program" that limits development, outdoor advertising, and earthmoving, and Caltrans must agree that it meets the criteria.
 The desire to create such a designation has at times been in conflict with the property rights of abutters, for example on State Route 174.
 Scenic highways are marked by the state flower, a California poppy, inside a rectangle (for state-maintained highways) or pentagon (for county highways).
Florida Scenic Highways are a series of scenic highways in Florida organized by the Florida Department of Transportation.
 Each highway passes through or connect sites that the state of Florida determines to be historically, culturally, recreationally, naturally, or archaeologically significant related to a particular theme.
 The state uses the scenic highway designations to promote resource preservation and enhancement, promote tourism and economic development, and educate travelers.
 Florida has 24 state-designated scenic byways.
 Six of those byways are also National Scenic Byways, and one of those federally designated byways is an All-American Road.
Arizona State Route 78 and New Mexico State Road 78 (SR 78) are a pair of adjoining state highways located in eastern Arizona and western New Mexico linking U.S. Route 191 (US 191) and Arizona State Route 75 near Greenlee County Airport to US 180 northwest of Cliff, New Mexico.
 It is also known in its Arizona stretch as Mule Creek Road.
The Trimble Community Forest or Trimble Township Community Forest is a 1200 acre forest preserve owned by the Appalachia Ohio Alliance, a land trust located in southeast Ohio.
 Formerly called Taylor Ridge, it was purchased in 2006 from the Sunday Creek Coal Company, and was formerly part of the Sunday Creek State Wildlife Area.
 The land has a long history of coal, oil, natural gas, and timber production.
 The AOA negotiated with the Trimble Township Trustees on its use before purchase.
 It is located in Athens County, Ohio, south of Ohio State Route 78, between Glouster, Ohio and Murray City, Ohio.
Capleville is an unincorporated community in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States, southeast of Memphis and just north of the Mississippi border.
 It is located 0.5 mi.
 east of the Memphis International Airport, starting 1 mi.
 west of the intersection of State Routes 176 and 175, and heading east along State Route 175 (Shelby Drive) crossing U.S. Route 78.
 Most of the area has been incorporated into the City of Memphis and since has become a large industrial center due to its proximity to the airport and Lamar Avenue (U.S. Route 78) which becomes a divided freeway after State Route 175.
State Route 78 (SR 78) is a state highway that runs for 105 miles (169 km) from Nelsonville to Clarington in the U.S. state of Ohio. "
Car and Driver" has called it one of the most scenic highways nationwide.
 The stretch of this highway that runs along the south side of Burr Oak State Park in Morgan County, Ohio, is well known for its extreme curves and views, and is sometimes locally referred to as the "Rim of the World."
 Much of this highway runs through old coal-producing areas.
