Alison Peebles (born 1953) is an award-winning Scottish actress, director, and writer in theatre, film, and television.
 She is a co-founder of Communicado, a multiple award-winning Scottish theater company.
 Peebles is noted for her portrayal of Lady Macbeth in Michael Boyd’s celebrated 1993 production of "Macbeth" at The Tron Theatre in Glasgow, Scotland.
Summer Holiday is a British CinemaScope and Technicolor musical film featuring singer Cliff Richard.
 The film was directed by Peter Yates (his debut), produced by Kenneth Harper.
 The original screenplay was written by Peter Myers and Ronald Cass (who also wrote most of the song numbers and lyrics).
 The cast includes Lauri Peters, Melvyn Hayes, Teddy Green, Jeremy Bulloch, Una Stubbs, Pamela Hart, Jacqueline Daryl, Lionel Murton, Madge Ryan, David Kossoff, Nicholas Phipps, Ron Moody and The Shadows.
 Herbert Ross choreographed the musical numbers.
Madge Ryan (8 January 1919 – 9 January 1994) was an Australian actress, known for her stage roles in the United Kingdom, including London productions of "Entertaining Mr Sloane" (1964), "Philadelphia, Here I Come" (1967), and "Medea" (1993).
 She also starred in the Broadway production of "Summer of the Seventeenth Doll" (1958).
 Her film appearances included "Summer Holiday" (1963), "A Clockwork Orange" (1971), "Frenzy" (1972), and "Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?
" (1978).
"Neighbours" is an Australian television soap opera created by Reg Watson.
 It was first broadcast on 18 March 1985.
 The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the serial in 1990, by order of first appearance.
 All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer Don Battye.
 The sixth season of "Neighbours" began airing from 11 January 1990.
 January saw the arrival of the Alessi twins Caroline and Christina Alessi played by Gayle & Gillian Blakeney.
 In February, Josh Anderson and Ryan McLachlan, played by Jeremy Angerson and Richard Norton, respectively, made their first appearances.
 That same month British actor Derek Nimmo guested as Lord Ledgerwood.
 Maggie Dence arrived as new principal Dorothy Burke in March.
 Bob La Castra joined the serial as Eddie Buckingham in April, and Stephen Hall also joined the cast that month as Boof.
 Beth Buchanan began playing Gemma Ramsay, the niece of established character Madge Bishop in June.
 The following months, three more members of the new Willis family arrived, Doug, Pam and Adam, played by Terence Donovan, Sue Jones and Ian Williams, respectively.
 Alison Whyte guested as environmentalist Amber Martin in September and Richard Huggett arrived as Glen Donnelly.
Take It or Leave It is a 1944 American drama film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and written by Mac Benoff, Harold Buchman and Snag Werris.
 The film stars Phil Baker, Edward Ryan, Madge Meredith, Stanley Prager, Roy Gordon and Nana Bryant.
 The film was released on July 7, 1944, by 20th Century Fox.
Madge Jenison (1874–1960) was an American author, activist, and bookstore owner.
 She wrote novels, short stories, cultural criticism, and scripts.
 Her father, Edward Spencer Jenison, was a prominent Chicago architect who helped rebuild the city after The Great Chicago Fire of 1871.
 Her sister, Nancy Blanche Jenison, was a pioneering woman physician.
 In the early years of the 20th century Madge Jenison moved from Chicago to New York, where she found success with writing, primarily for magazines.
The Venetian Twins (Italian - "I due gemelli veneziani", or "The two Venetian twins") is a 1747 play by Carlo Goldoni, based on Plautus's "Menaechmi".
 Recent productions include one at the Watermill Theatre and a 1993 production directed by Michael Bogdanov for the Royal Shakespeare Company.
Debra Monk (born February 27, 1949) is an American actress, singer, and writer, best known for her performances on the Broadway stage.
 She earned her first Tony Award for the 1993 production of "Redwood Curtain" and won an Emmy Award for several guest appearances on "NYPD Blue" between 1998 and 1999.
David and Jonathan is a 1920 British silent adventure film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Madge Titheradge, Geoffrey Webb and Dick Ryan.
 It was based on a novel by E. Temple Thurston.
 It was made at Universal City in California.
 Two men, David and Jonathan, are shipwrecked on a desert island together with a girl they are both in love with.
Fred Fondren (May 16, 1948 – June 8, 1992) was an American actor.
 He played the role of Alfred Moore, a man dying from AIDS, in the 1993 production, "Joey Breaker".
 Fred died after the movie was completed and the movie was dedicated to him.
