Raymond James | Morgan Keegan is the interim name of the former Morgan Keegan & Co. business units acquired by Raymond James Financial on April 2, 2012.
 The combined firms’ subsidiaries engage primarily in investment and financial planning, investment banking, fixed income products and asset management.
Allen Benners Morgan, Jr. is an American business man who was among the founders and served as chairman and CEO of regional brokerage firm Morgan Keegan & Company, based in Memphis, Tennessee.
 The firm is now owned by Raymond James Financial.
Raymond James Financial is an American diversified holding company providing financial services to individuals, corporations and municipalities through its subsidiary companies that engage primarily in investment and financial planning, in addition to investment banking and asset management.
Pension administration in the United States is the act of performing various types of yearly service on an organizational retirement plan, such as a 401(k), profit sharing plan, defined benefit plan, or cash balance plan.
 Increasingly these plan types are also being implemented in combination arrangements for greater contribution potential, such as the pairing of a cash balance plan with some variety of 401(k).
 The basic purpose of Pension Administration is to ensure that an organizational retirement plan does not discriminate against the lower level employees while also ensuring that the plan is not used as an abusive tax shelter.
 Stress tests include the average benefits test, Average Deferral Percentage, and minimum coverage.
 Yearly pension administration work involves filing a Form 5500 with the Internal Revenue Service.
 There are several professional designations available to those who perform this work, such as those offered by the National Institute of Pension Administrators and the American Society of Pension Professionals and Actuaries.
 Pension Administration firms more often than not rely on financial brokers (or financial advisors) for their business prospects, although they do have other referral sources.
 Some pension administration firms carry out the financial advisory work within an internal unit of their own company, as well as accepting referrals from an independent broker network.
 Examples of firms with which these brokers are associated are Raymond James, Edward Jones Investments and Morgan Stanley.
 The brokers may be employees of these firms or independent contractors.
 The plan assets of the organizational retirement plans in question sometimes reside on a trading platform controlled by the administration firm.
 But more often than not the assets are held by large financial institutions who provide a variety of investment options for plan participants.
 Examples of large firms in this market space are Principal Financial Group, John Hancock Insurance, ING Group and Mass Mutual, although there are many others.
 Plans which contain over one-hundred participants must perform an independent audit each year, necessitating yearly coordination with representatives of a public accounting firm.
 In cases where a defined benefit plan is being managed the pension administration firm must employ an actuary to certify the plan's present and future benefit liabilities and compliance with minimum funding standards set by the IRS.
 Pension administration firms with a large block of defined benefit plans often employ an actuary directly.
 But they may also retain the actuary as an independent contractor, and this is almost certain to be the arrangement in cases where the pension administration firm only works on a small collection of defined benefit plans.
 The actuary completes contribution calculations for the plan and provides a Schedule SB so that the yearly Form 5500 may be completed.
 Without this Schedule the yearly filing for a defined benefit plan would be incomplete.
 In addition to the Internal Revenue Service, organizational retirement plan operation and maintenance falls under the regulation of the United States Department of Labor.
Thomas James (born 1942/43) is an American billionaire businessman, the chairman of Raymond James Financial, founded by his father Robert James, for 30 years.
Robert A. James (died 1983) was an American businessman, the founder of Raymond James Financial, an S&P 500-listed financial services company.
The Treaties of Reichenbach were a series of agreements signed in Reichenbach (present-day Dzierżoniów) between Great Britain, Prussia, Russia, and Austria.
 These accords served to establish and strengthen a united coalition force against Napoleon I of France.
 On 14 June 1813 the Treaty of Reichenbach was signed between Great Britain and Prussia.
 Based on the terms of the accord, Britain agreed to provide Prussia a subsidy of 666,666 pounds sterling in order for Prussia to maintain its force of 80,000 troops.
 In exchange for this aid, the king of Prussia agreed to cede the principality of Hildesheim and other territories to the Electorate of Hanover.
 On 15 June 1813 the Treaty of Reichenbach was signed between Great Britain and Russia.
 Based on the terms of the accord, Great Britain agreed to provide Russia with a subsidy of 1,333,334 pounds sterling in order for Russia to maintain its force of 160,000 troops.
 On 27 June 1813 the Treaty of Reichenbach (also known as the "Reichenbach Convention") was signed between Prussia, Russia, and Austria.
 Based on the terms of the accord, Austria agreed to declare war against Napoleon if he rejected its conditions of peace.
The Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain, commonly known as the Royal Photographic Society (RPS), is one of the world's oldest photographic societies.
 It was founded in London, England in 1853 as The Photographic Society of London with the objective of promoting the art and science of photography, and in 1854 received Royal patronage from Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
 A change to the society's name to reflect the Royal patronage was, however, not considered expedient at the time.
 In 1874 it was renamed the Photographic Society of Great Britain, and from 1894 it became known as The Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain.
 A registered charity since 1962, in July 2004, The Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain was granted a Royal charter recognising its eminence in the field of photography as a learned society.
 For most of its history the Society was based at various premises in London.
 It moved to Bath in 1979, and since 2004 its headquarters has been at Fenton House in Bath, England.
 Membership is international and open to anyone with an interest in photography.
Event Two of the 2015 Monster Energy FIM Speedway World Cup was the second race of the 2015 edition of the Speedway World Cup.
 It was run on June 8 at the Adrian Flux Arena in King's Lynn, Great Britain and was won by Australia from hosts Great Britain, the United States, and Latvia.
 As a result, Australia progressed directly to the 2015 Speedway World Cup Final, while Great Britain and the United States progressed to the 2015 Speedway World Cup Race-off.
 Latvia were eliminated.
Reported Road Casualties Great Britain (RRCGB), formerly "Road Casualties Great Britain" (RCGB) and before that "Road Accidents Great Britain" (RAGB), is the official statistical publication of the UK Department for Transport (DfT) on traffic casualties, fatalities and related road safety data.
 This publication, first produced in 1951, is the primary source for data on road casualties in Great Britain.
 It is based primarily on police STATS19 data.
 Data have been collected since 1926.
