Daniel Boone Native Gardens, located in Boone, North Carolina, United States, has a collection of North Carolina native plants in an informal landscaped design.
 The gardens are open daily from May to October.
The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
 The Hornets compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA), as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Southeast Division.
 The team is largely owned by former NBA player and North Carolina native Michael Jordan, who acquired controlling interest in the team in 2010.
 The Hornets play their home games at the Spectrum Center in Uptown Charlotte.
The Lucas Mansion, also known as the Hiddenite Center, is a historic home located at Hiddenite, Alexander County, North Carolina.
 It was built about 1900, and is a three-story, frame Queen Anne style dwelling.
 It features a two-story wraparound porch.
 It was enlarged to its present size by 1928.
 It was owned by James Paul Lucas, a South Carolina native and international diamond merchant.
Raeford is a city in Hoke County, North Carolina, United States.
 The population was 4,626 at the 2010 census.
 It is the county seat of Hoke County.
 The county was named after Confederate General Robert F. Hoke, a North Carolina native.
Zion Williamson (born July 6, 2000) is an American basketball player who attends Spartanburg Day School in Spartanburg, South Carolina.
 Currently a senior , he has been ranked as one of the top high school players in his class.
 In 2017, the North Carolina native gained significant media coverage after a series of slam dunks.
Rogelio Mills, also known as Roger Mills, a North Carolina native, is a Puerto Rican/Black Hispanic American television personality, author, and recording artist, best known as the host of the celebrity entertainment show entitled “The Roger Mills Show” and author of the book “While Out of My Body I Saw God, Hell and the Living Dead.”
 Mills made national headlines when he launched a lawsuit against rapper Sean Combs, then known as Puff Daddy.
 Combs had allegedly ordered an assault on Mills and his staff after they refused to turn over a taped interview in which Combs reacted angrily to a question regarding the death of fellow rapper, the Notorious B.I.G.
Andrews Geyser is a man-made fountain in Old Fort, North Carolina in McDowell County.
 The fountain is named for Colonel Alexander Boyd Andrews, a North Carolina native who was the Vice President of the Southern Railway Company and one of the men responsible for the construction of the railroad between Old Fort and Asheville, North Carolina, in the late 19th century.
 The fountain was constructed in 1885 with a dual purpose: it was a feature of the Round Knob Hotel, and a tribute to the approximately 120 men who died building the railroad through this particularly treacherous stretch of land, that culminates with the crossing of the Eastern Continental Divide through the Swannanoa Tunnel.
 The fountain was said to be eye-catching for railroad passengers ascending the 13 miles of track and seven tunnels that peaks at the top of Swannanoa Gap because it could be seen several times along the route.
Nathan Buttke (born May 8, 1975) is a former stock car racing driver.
 The Randleman, North Carolina native competed in 55 NASCAR Busch Series races and 22 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series races between 1992 and 2001.
Johnathan Hildred Wall Jr. (born September 6, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 A Raleigh, North Carolina native, Wall was chosen with the first overall pick of the 2010 NBA draft by the Wizards after playing one year at the University of Kentucky.
 He plays the point guard position and is a four-time NBA All-Star.
 He was named to his first All-NBA Team in 2017.
Ernest Edward Logan II (born May 18, 1968) in Fort Bragg, North Carolina attended Pine Forest High School.
 The 6-foot-4, 290-pound Fayetteville, North Carolina native played his college football at East Carolina University from 1986–1990, where he racked up 100 tackles (including 16 behind the line of scrimmage) and 5.0 quarterback sacks.
 He was an American football player.
