Augustine of Canterbury (born first third of the 6th century – died probably 26 May 604) was a Catholic Benedictine monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597.
 He is considered the "Apostle to the English" and a founder of the Catholic Church in England.
Amanda Sørensen (born November 18, 1985 in Skanderborg) is a retired Danish amateur BMX cyclist.
 Having started her sporting career at the age of seven and been admitted to the Danish national cycling team since 2002, Sorensen has mounted numerous Nordic regional titles and top-eight finishes in BMX racing at the European Championships, and admittedly, participated in more than 300 BMX circuits across Australia, the United States, Brazil, and Europe.
 Before retiring from the sport in September 2009, Sorensen also represented her nation Denmark at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and has been training with personal and head coach Christian Munk Poulsen for Skanderborg BMX Klub throughout her cycling career.
Christian Bjørnshøj Poulsen (born 28 February 1980) is a Danish former footballer.
 After starting his career with Holbæk, he played for a number of European clubs as a defensive midfielder, winning the Danish Superliga championship with F.C. Copenhagen, the German DFB-Ligapokal trophy with FC Schalke 04, and the European UEFA Cup with Spanish team Sevilla FC, later also playing for Italian Serie A club Juventus, as well as Premier League side, Liverpool, French side Evian, and Dutch side Ajax.
Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University
Heron Island Research Station is a marine research station located on Heron Island, an island within the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park, 80 km from Gladstone, off the coast of Queensland, Australia.
 It is located at the leeward end of a coral cay on a 10 x 5 kilometre platform reef.
 Although the island had been used as a turtle cannery in the 1920s, after this was abandoned, it was taken over as a resort in the 1930s, by Captain Christian Poulsen.
 A number of researchers travelled to the island from the 1930s using the resort facilities.
 The island became a National Park in 1943, and following the end of World War II, saw the first groups of university students from the University of Queensland arrive.
 Today the island is divided into three sections - the resort, research station and National Park.
Pierre Nlend Womé (born 26 March 1979) is a Cameroonian retired footballer who played as a defender.
 A journeyman, Womé was a versatile and skillful left wingback who played for 14 clubs in six countries, being only one of eleven players to have played in the top divisions in Italy, Spain, England and Germany respectively (the others are Jon Dahl Tomasson, Abel Xavier, Gheorghe Popescu, Florin Răducioiu, Pepe Reina, Christian Poulsen, Maniche, Marko Marin, Eduardo Vargas and Obafemi Martins).
A fan attack occurred at the Euro 2008 qualifying Group F match between the national football teams of Sweden and Denmark, at the Parken Stadium in Copenhagen on 2 June 2007.
 A Danish supporter ran onto the pitch and attacked referee Herbert Fandel, after the referee had awarded Sweden a penalty in the 89th minute of the match and sent off Danish midfielder Christian Poulsen for punching Swedish striker Markus Rosenberg in the stomach.
"Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD.
 It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport.
 He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship.
 It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.
In Greek mythology, Despoina, Despoena or Despoine, was the daughter of Demeter and Poseidon and sister of Arion.
 She was the goddess of mysteries of Arcadian cults worshipped under the title "Despoina", "the mistress" alongside her mother Demeter, one of the goddesses of the Eleusinian mysteries.
 Her real name could not be revealed to anyone except those initiated to her mysteries.
 Pausanias spoke of Demeter as having two daughters; Kore being born first, then later Despoina.
 With Zeus being the father of Kore, and Poseidon as the father of Despoina.
 Pausanias made it clear that Kore is Persephone, though he wouldn't reveal Despoina's proper name.
Christian Poulsen (Rind, 16 August 1912 – 19 April 1981) was a Danish chess master.
