Gilbertsville is census-designated place and unincorporated community in Marshall County, Kentucky, United States.
 Its elevation is 351 feet (107 m), and it is located at (37.0245003, -88.2997557).
 It is known as the closest village to Kentucky Dam.
 The town was relocated to its present site when Kentucky Dam and Kentucky Dam Village State Resort Park replaced the former site.
Ogren Park at Allegiance Field is a stadium in Missoula, Montana.
 It is primarily used for baseball, and is the home field of the Missoula Osprey of the Pioneer League.
 Built in 2004, it seats 3,500 people.
 The park replaced Lindbord-Cregg Field.
 The field dimensions are 309 ft to the left field line, 398 ft to center field, and 287 ft to right field line.
 The right field line has a 27 ft high wall.
The 2008 Rolex Sports Car Series season was the ninth season of the Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series presented by Crown Royal Cask No. 16.
 The 14-race championship for Daytona Prototypes (DP) and 13-race championship for Grand Touring (GT) cars began January 26, 2008 and concluded on September 20, 2008.
 New Jersey Motorsports Park replaced Iowa Speedway.
 At 15 races, it was the longest Rolex Sports Car Series season.
Sue Bierman Park, also known as Ferry Park, is a park in San Francisco, California in the Financial District.
 Sue Bierman Park replaced off-ramps just north of the Embarcadero Center, and next to the park Ferry Plaza was constructed in front of the San Francisco Ferry Building, which itself was remodeled into an upscale gourmet marketplace in 2003.
 The park is named after Sue Bierman, a San Francisco civic activist and Supervisor.
SeaWorld Ohio was a park in the SeaWorld chain of marine animal theme parks.
 The park opened in 1970 directly across the lake and less than one mile from Geauga Lake Park in Aurora, Ohio, United States.
 The small lake separated the two parks.
 Wildwater Kingdom, a small waterpark built by Cedar Fair in 2005, occupied the property until it closed in 2016.
Luminosity — Ignite the Night!
, often shortened to Luminosity, (previously named Luminosity, Powered by Pepsi), is a nighttime show performed nightly at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.
 It replaced American Portrait and the WildCat roller coaster.
 The show opened for previews on June 1, 2012 and held its grand-opening one week later.
 It ran nightly at 9:15 until August 19.
 Since 2013, the show has run every night at 9:30 pm except Tuesdays from May 31 – August 18.
Felix Tiu (born Felicito Hupan Tiu on October 29, 1955 in Iloilo City, Philippines) is a Filipino-Chinese businessman, investor, and entrepreneur.
 Since 2010, he has been chairman of the Iloilo City Trade and Investment Board (ICTIPB) and the CEO and founder of Eon Group of Companies which holds the first waterpark in Visayas, and the first to run solar-powered in the Philippines, Waterworld Iloilo.
Wet 'n Wild is a name used by various water parks across the United States, Brazil and Mexico, originally owned by SeaWorld creator George Millay.
 It is not to be confused with the Wet'n'Wild brand owned by Village Roadshow Theme Parks and CNL Lifestyle Properties or the stand-alone waterpark Wet 'N' Wild Waterworld in Anthony, Texas.
Wave Breaker: The Rescue Coaster is a double launch roller coaster currently operating at SeaWorld San Antonio.
 The roller coaster is designed to emphasize SeaWorld's animal rescue efforts.
 It is the first jet ski roller coaster in North America and would incorporate cars designed as jet skis used by SeaWorld's rescue team.
 Most of the track was built over the park's lake.
Grizzly Jack's Grand Bear Resort is an indoor waterpark resort in Utica, Illinois next to Starved Rock State Park.
 It opened in the summer of 2005, and is Illinois' first indoor waterpark.
 The three-story resort has hotel-style rooms, log cabins and villas, an indoor waterpark, a fitness center, and 2 conference rooms.
