The Town is a 2010 American crime thriller drama film co-written, directed by and starring Ben Affleck, adapted from Chuck Hogan's novel "Prince of Thieves".
 It also stars Rebecca Hall, Jon Hamm, Jeremy Renner, Blake Lively, Titus Welliver, Pete Postlethwaite and Chris Cooper, and follows a group of Boston bank robbers who set out to get one final score by robbing Fenway Park.
Christine is a 2016 American-British biographical drama film directed by Antonio Campos and written by Craig Shilowich.
 It stars actress Rebecca Hall as news reporter Christine Chubbuck struggling with depression, along with professional and personal frustrations as she tries to advance her career.
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women is an upcoming American biographical drama film about American psychologist William Moulton Marston, who created the fictional character Wonder Woman.
 The film, directed and written by Angela Robinson, stars Luke Evans, Rebecca Hall and Bella Heathcote, and premiered at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival.
Bohemian Rhapsody is an upcoming American-British biographical drama film directed by Bryan Singer and written by Justin Haythe.
 It focuses on a 15 year period from the formation of Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury up to their performance at Live Aid in 1985, six years before Mercury's death.
 The film stars Rami Malek, Ben Hardy, Gwilym Lee, Joseph Mazzello, Allen Leech, and Lucy Boynton.
 Queen guitarist Brian May and drummer Roger Taylor are serving as the film's music producers.
 The film is scheduled for release in the United States on December 25, 2018 by 20th Century Fox.
Princess Cyd is a 2017 drama film written and directed by Stephen Cone.
 The film stars Rebecca Spence, Jessie Pinnick, and Malic White.
Kate Plays Christine is a 2016 American documentary film written and directed by Robert Greene.
 It follows actress Kate Lyn Sheil's preparation for the role of Christine Chubbuck, a newscaster who committed suicide on live television in 1974.
 It is one of the two films about Chubbuck that premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival, the other being "Christine".
Permission is a romantic dramedy film written and directed by Brian Crano.
 The film stars Rebecca Hall as a woman on the brink of a marriage proposal from her boyfriend (Dan Stevens), but is impeded by the suggestion of her brother (David Joseph Craig) and his life partner (Morgan Spector) to "test date" other men before she ultimately settles down.
 Meanwhile, the film also follows the relationship of the gay couple as they decide whether or not to become parents.
London Town is a 2016 American-British drama film directed by Derrick Borte and written by Matt Brown.
 The film stars Daniel Huttlestone, Dougray Scott, Natascha McElhone, Nell Williams, and Jonathan Rhys Meyers.
Complete Unknown is a 2016 American-British drama mystery thriller film, directed by Joshua Marston, from a screenplay by Marston and Julian Sheppard.
 It stars Rachel Weisz, Michael Shannon, Kathy Bates and Danny Glover.
 It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 25, 2016.
 The film was released on August 26, 2016, by Amazon Studios and IFC Films.
A Promise is a 2013 French drama romance film directed by Patrice Leconte and written by Patrice Leconte and Jérôme Tonnerre.
 The story is based on Stefan Zweig's novel "Journey into the Past" and stars Rebecca Hall, Alan Rickman, Richard Madden, and Maggie Steed.
 It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
