Dohnányi is a Hungarian family name belonging to a notable family of politicians and musicians descended from composer Ernő Dohnányi.
 The addition of "von" is the German equivalent to the letter Y / YI at the end of a family name of the Hungarian gentry.
 Its meaning is "of" = German "von".
Scorodocarpus is a monotypic genus of plant in the family Olacaceae.
 It has also been classified in the family Strombosiaceae.
 The generic name is from the Greek meaning "garlic fruit", referring to the smell of the fruit.
 s of June 2014 "The Plant List" recognises the single species Scorodocarpus borneensis.
 The specific epithet "borneensis " is from the Latin meaning "of Borneo".
Natalia is a female given name with the original Late Latin meaning of "Christmas Day" (cf. Latin natale domini).
 It is currently used in this form in Italian, Romanian, Spanish, Portuguese, Greek, Russian, Ukrainian, Bulgarian and Polish.
 Other forms and spellings include Natalie/Nathalie (French, Dutch, English and German), Natálie (Czech), Natália/Nathália (Portuguese, Slovak and Hungarian), Natalya/Nataliya/Natalia (Russian: Наталья, Наталия ), Nataliya or Nataliia (Ukrainian, Belarusian), Natalija (Croatian, Latvian, Serbian, Slovene and Macedonian) and Natàlia (Catalan).
"Lovas" is an old and frequent Hungarian family name, meaning "horseback rider".
 Norwegian and French families also use this title
János Szántay or Ion Santo (December 16, 1922 – March 17, 2007) was born to an ethnic Hungarian family in Oradea ("Nagyvárad").
 János Szántay graduated at the Babeș-Bolyai University in 1949.
 He worked a physician in Târgu Mureş and in Kluĵo.
 He was a fencer, competing in the individual and team sabre events at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
 He was also a physician and a scientist conducting research on essential nutrients, especially on magnesium as an essential nutrient.
 He was made a member of the New York Academy of Sciences in 1969, member of the Nuclear Hematology research Society of London (1969), member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences (1992), and the honorary member of the Magyar Magnézium Társaság, as well as an honorary chairman of Magnezia Society of Romania, from 1992.
Juhász is a Hungarian family name (meaning 'shepherd' and usually anglicized to Yuhas), and it may refer to:
Endre Pap was born 26 February 1947 in Mali Iđoš in Vojvodina, Serbia, to an Hungarian family.
 B.Sc.
 1970.
 M.Sc.
 1973.
 Ph.D. 1975.
 Full Professor since 1986 at the Faculty of Sciences of the university in Novi Sad.
 Director of the Institute of Mathematics 1979–1980.
 He is now a full Professor of the university Singidunum in Belgrade.
 He was a president of Academy of Sciences and Arts of Vojvodina (VANU).
 He is now a corresponding member of European Academy of Sciences (EAS).
 He is a member from the outside of the Public Organ of Hungarian Academy of Sciences, since 2000.
 He is honorary professor of Budapest Tech University since 2005, and Professor at the Obuda University in Budapest.
 He obtained in 2003 the October prize of the city Novi Sad for his scientific work.
 He was a member of Accreditation Commission for High Education of Serbia since 2006, and the president of Council for Natural Sciences and member of the Senat of the University of Novi Sad since 2007.
 He is a member od National Council for High Education since 2015.
Mother (Hungarian:Mámi) is a 1937 Hungarian comedy film directed by  Johann von Vásáry and starring Sári Fedák, Jenő Pataky and Lia Szepes.
 The film was based on a play by Rezsö Török, with art direction by Márton Vincze.
 The arrival from Texas of an eccentric relative and her son, disrupt the rhythm of a wealthy Hungarian family.
The Jewish Hungarian family of Mendel is the name of a prominent Hungarian family which flourished in the latter half of the 15th century and in the first half of the sixteenth in Ofen (Buda).
 Members of three generations of it are known; namely, Jacob, Israel, and Isaac Mendel, who held the office of "Princeps Judæorum", "Supremus Judæorum," or "Præfectus Judæorum" between 1482 and 1539.
 This office, which seems to have existed only during that period, was created by King Matthias Corvinus in order to give the Jews an accredited representative at court, who at the same time should be responsible for the payment of their taxes.
 The "Præfectus Judæorum" was empowered to impose fines and other penalties on the Jews.
 As an official of the crown he was exempted from wearing the Jews' hat.
Aranyélet (] , English: "Golden Life" ) is a Hungarian television series based on the Finnish "Helppo elämä" crime drama.
 The show tells the story of a newly rich Hungarian family whose existence is based on crime and lies.
 The series premiered in Hungary on November 8, 2015 on the cable network HBO Hungary.
 The series was renewed for a second season which premiered on November 6, 2016.
