In mathematics, the Ravenel conjectures are a set of mathematical conjectures in the field of stable homotopy theory posed by Douglas Ravenel at the end of a paper published in 1984.
 It was earlier circulated in preprint.
 The problems involved have largely been resolved, with all but the "telescope conjecture" being proved in later papers by others.
 The telescope conjecture is now generally believed not to be true, though there are some conflicting claims concerning it in the published literature, and is taken to be an open problem.
 Ravenel's conjectures exerted influence on the field through the founding of the approach of chromatic homotopy theory.
Townes–Brocks syndrome (TBS) is a rare genetic disease that has been described in approximately 200 cases in the published literature.
 It affects both males and females equally.
 The condition was first identified in 1972.
 by Philip L. Townes, MD, PhD, who was at the time a human geneticists and Professor of Pediatrics, and Eric Brocks, MD, who was at the time a medical student, both at the University of Rochester.
August or Auguste Brancart (21 July 1851 - 1894?)
 was a Belgian publisher of pornographic literature, credited with the first publication of "My Secret Life".
 He published translations of English pornography into French and vice versa for English publishers such as Edward Avery.
 He also published work of the Decadent movement such as "Monsieur Vénus" by Rachilde.
Embase (often styled EMBASE for Excerpta Medica dataBASE) is a biomedical and pharmacological database of published literature designed to support information managers and pharmacovigilance in complying with the regulatory requirements of a licensed drug.
 Embase, produced by Elsevier, contains over 28 million records from over 8,400 currently published journals from 1947 to the present.
 Through its international coverage, daily updates, and drug indexing with EMTREE, Embase enables tracking and retrieval of drug information in the published literature.
 Each record is fully indexed and Articles in Press are available for some records and In Process are available for all records, ahead of full indexing.
 Embase's international coverage expands across biomedical journals from 90 countries and is available through a number of database vendors.
The following tables compare general and technical information between a number of IRC client programs which have been in independent published literature.
Queen Tripurasundari (1794 - April 6, 1832) (also known as Lalit Tripura Sundari Devi, or Lalit Tripura Sundari Thapa) (Nepali: रानी ललित त्रिपुरासुन्दरी ) was the acting regent of Nepal after the assassination of Rana Bahadur Shah, from 1806 to 1832.
 She was also the first woman to have published literature in Nepal.
 She had translated some parts of Shantiparva from the Mahabharata in Sanskrit, and published it as 'Rajdharma'.
This List of Colombian writers is an alphabetical list of writers born or brought up in Colombia, who already have Wikipedia pages in the English or Spanish Wikipedia.
 References for information given in the list appear on the Wikipedia pages concerned.
 This is a subsidiary list to the List of Colombian people.
 The list is far from exhaustive, so please help to expand it by adding Wikipedia page-owning published writers who have written in any genre or field, including science and scholarship, but does not include those whose sole body of work lies outside conventional published literature such as: print journalists, bloggers, editors, librettists, lyricists, songwriters, playwrights, or screenwriters.
 Please follow the entry format: use Spanish naming customs by listing both surnames of the person, use "italics" for authors who are best known under a pseudonym, indicate only the year of birth or the years of birth and death, and do not include place of birth or works associated with the writer, as that information should be found in their actual page.
Over the past decade there has been an explosion in the use of information and communications technologies (ICTs) in China.
 As the largest developing country in the world, China faces a severe digital divide, which exists not only between Mainland China and developed countries, but also among its own regions and social groups.
 Like many other indicators of development, wide gaps exist between Chinese IT "haves and have nots."
 The existence of these gaps is well established.
 Though published literature gives a general picture of the digital divide in China growing, along with other development measurements such as per capita GDP.
 In some cases, however, there is some evidence to suggest that the ICT gap may, in fact, be narrowing.
 This trend has implications on China's future development.
This page contains a list of magic tricks.
 In magic literature, tricks are often called effects.
 Based on published literature and marketed effects, there are millions of effects; a short performance routine by a single magician may contain dozens of such effects.
Dar al-Hikma (Arabic: دار الحكمة‎ ‎ , 'House of Wisdom') was an underground publishing house, set up by the Iraqi Communist Party in September 1945.
 It published literature on politics, science, economy and culture.
 It issues Arabic translations on Friedrich Engels' "Origin of the Family", Maxim Gorky's "Mother" and texts of Stalin on dialectics and historical materialism.
 The main source for the literature published was English-language books brought from the Soviet Union.
 Party members working with bookstores in Baghdad and Amarah enabled the sales of the books.
 Dar al-Hikma was financed by contributions from party members, the party managed to gather 6,000 Iraqi dinars for the purpose.
 Dar al-Hikma had a short life-span.
