The Harvard Avenue Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Linden Street, Commonwealth Avenue, Harvard Avenue, and Park Vale Avenue in the Allston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
 Its spine is Harvard Avenue, a major north-south thoroughfare connecting Allston to points north (generally via Cambridge Street toward Cambridge), and south toward Brookline.
 The area underwent a population explosion in the early 20th century, and Harvard Avenue was developed roughly between 1905 and 1925 as a commercial and residential spine.
 Notable buildings in the district include the Allston Station building, designed by Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge, and the Harvard Avenue Fire Station.
Amherst Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Ticonderoga, in Essex County, New York.
 The district contains 16 contributing buildings on ten properties; 10 houses and six garages.
 It includes single-family homes built between 1921 and 1923 by W.A. Gale for the Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company as rental properties for company management.
 Gale also constructed the houses in the Lake George Avenue Historic District.
Lake George Battlefield Park Historic District is a national historic district relating to the French and Indian War Battle of Lake George and located near Lake George in Warren County, New York.
 The parkland was purchased and developed by New York State between 1896 and 1965.
 It encompasses numerous significant archaeological sites related to a series of conflicts dated from about 1755 to 1814.
 The archaeological sites include those related to Fort George (1759), earthen trenches (1757-1758), and barracks and hospitals dated to the 1750s.
 The historic districts also includes a number of plaques and monuments including those commemorating Henry Knox (1925), the Bloody Morning Scout (1935), and Fr.
 Isaac Jogues (1939).
 Other contributing features relate to the property's development as a park and include the battlefield park and battlefield campground, Fort George Road, the Delaware and Hudson Railway right of way (c. 1880), the Dowling Farmhouse (c. 1870), and the maintenance complex (c. 1890-c.
 1920s).
The Greenwich Avenue Historic District is a historic district representing the commercial and civic historical development of the downtown area of the town of Greenwich, Connecticut.
 The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 31, 1989.
 Included in the district is the Greenwich Municipal Center Historic District, which was listed on the National Register the year before for the classical revival style municipal buildings in the core of Downtown.
 Most of the commercial buildings in the district fall into three broad styles, reflecting the period in which they were built: Italianate (late 19th century), Georgian Revival (early 20th century), and Commercial style (after World War I).
 The district is linear and runs north-south along the entire length of Greenwich Avenue, the main thoroughfare of Downtown Greenwich, between U.S. Route 1 and the New Haven Line railroad tracks.
The Swiss Avenue Historic District is a residential neighborhood in East Dallas, Dallas, Texas (USA).
 It consists of installations of the Munger Place addition, one of East Dallas' early subdivisions.
 The Swiss Avenue Historic District is a historic district of the city of Dallas, Texas.
 The boundaries of the district comprise both sides of Swiss Avenue from Fitzhugh Steet, to just north of La Vista, and includes portions of Bryan Parkway.
 The District includes the 6100-6200 blocks of La Vista Drive, the west side of the 5500 block of Bryan Parkway the 6100-6300 blocks of Bryan Parkway, the east side of the 5200-5300 block of Live Oak Street, and the 4900-6100 blocks of Swiss Avenue.
 The entire street of Swiss Avenue is not included within the bounds of the Swiss Avenue Historic District.
 Portions of the street run through Dallas' Peaks Suburban Addition neighborhood and Peak's Suburban Addition Historic District.
Lake George Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Ticonderoga, in Essex County, New York.
 The district contains 20 contributing buildings on 14 properties; 12 houses and eight garages.
 It includes single-family homes built between 1919 and 1921 by W.A. Gale for the Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company as rental properties for company management.
 The houses share a common American Craftsman influenced bungalow style.
 Gale also constructed the houses in the Amherst Avenue Historic District.
Avery Street Historic District, is a national historic district located at Parkersburg, Wood County, West Virginia.
 It is to the east of the Julia-Ann Square Historic District and south of the Parkersburg High School-Washington Avenue Historic District.
 Primarily residential, it encompasses 109 acres and includes churches, a school, and a small commercial area.
 Built as Parkersburg's first "suburb" in the late-19th and early-20th century in popular architectural style such as Colonial Revival and Queen Anne, the district exhibits 12 distinctive types of Historic architecture.
 There are 358 contributing buildings, 59 of which are considered to be pivotal.
 U.S. Senator Johnson N. Camden (1826-1908) owned most of the land now included in the district.
 Located in the district are the separately listed Parkersburg Women's Club and the First Presbyterian Church/Calvary Temple Evangelical Church.
The West Garrison Avenue Historic District is a historic district encompassing the oldest commercial section of Fort Smith, Arkansas.
 When listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, the district included just a five-block stretch of Garrison Avenue, the major east-west thoroughfare in the city and one its oldest, dating to the city's founding in 1838.
 The district included more than fifty historically significant buildings built before 1912.
 The area was significantly affected by a major tornado in September 1996, in which thirteen historic buildings were destroyed and others damaged.
 The district was subsequently enlarged in 2001 to encompass 175 buildings with historic significance to 1951.
 These buildings are located along the length of Garrison Avenue (twelve blocks), as well as Rogers Avenue and North "A" Street, which run parallel to Garrison (north and south of it, respectively), and the connecting north-south blocks.
The Boston–Edison Historic District is a historic neighborhood located in the geographic center of Detroit, Michigan.
 It consists of over 900 homes built on four east/west streets: West Boston Boulevard, Chicago Boulevard, Longfellow Avenue, and Edison Avenue, stretching from Woodward Avenue on the east to Linwood Avenue on the west.
 It is one of the largest residential historic districts in the nation.
 It is surrounded by Sacred Heart Major Seminary to the west, the Arden Park-East Boston Historic District and the Cathedral of the Most Blessed Sacrament to the east, and the Atkinson Avenue Historic District to the south.
 The district was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The Ochre Point–Cliffs Historic District is a historic district in Newport, Rhode Island.
 The district includes a significant subset of the Bellevue Avenue Historic District, a National Historic Landmark District, including all of the major Gilded Age mansions on the waterfront facing Easton Bay between Memorial Boulevard and Marine Avenue.
 The district is home to famous mansions such as the William Watts Sherman House and The Breakers, one of the largest houses in the area built by the Vanderbilt Family.
 The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
