It's Only Rock 'n Roll is the 12th British and 14th American studio album by The Rolling Stones, released in 1974.
 It was the last Rolling Stones album for guitarist Mick Taylor and the songwriting and recording of the album's title track had a connection to Taylor's eventual replacement, Ronnie Wood.
 The album also marked the 10th anniversary since the release of the band's debut album, "The Rolling Stones".
 "It's Only Rock 'n Roll" has a firmer rock sound than the band's previous album, the more funk - and soul - inspired "Goats Head Soup".
 "It's Only Rock 'n Roll" reached #1 in the US and #2 in the UK.
Aftermath, released in April 1966 by Decca Records, is the fourth British studio album by the Rolling Stones.
 It was issued in the United States in June 1966 by London Records as the group's sixth American album.
 The album is considered an artistic breakthrough for the band: it is the first to consist entirely of Mick Jagger–Keith Richards compositions, while Brian Jones played a variety of instruments not usually associated with their music, including sitar, Appalachian dulcimer, marimbas and Japanese koto, as well as guitar, harmonica and keyboards, though much of the music is still rooted in Chicago electric blues.
 It was the first Rolling Stones album to be recorded entirely in the US, at the RCA Studios in California, and their first album released in true stereo.
 It is also one of the earliest rock albums to eclipse the 50-minute mark, and contains one of the earliest rock songs to eclipse the 10-minute mark ("Goin' Home").
Sticky Fingers is the ninth British and 11th American studio album by the English rock band The Rolling Stones, released in April 1971.
 It is the band's first album of the 1970s and its first release on the band's newly formed label, Rolling Stones Records, after having been contracted since 1963 with Decca Records in the UK and London Records in the US.
 It is also Mick Taylor's first full-length appearance on a Rolling Stones album, the first Rolling Stones album not to feature any contributions from guitarist and founder Brian Jones and the first one on which singer Mick Jagger is credited with playing guitar.
Exile on Main St. is a double album by English rock band the Rolling Stones, released on 12 May 1972 on LP by Rolling Stones Records.
 It was the band's first double album and tenth studio album released in the United Kingdom.
 It was primarily recorded in a rented villa in Nellcôte, France while the band lived abroad as tax exiles, and is rooted in styles such as blues, rock and roll, swing, country, and gospel.
 The sessions included additional musicians such as pianist Nicky Hopkins, saxophonist Bobby Keys, drummer Jimmy Miller, and horn player Jim Price, and were completed at Los Angeles' Sunset Sound.
Beggars Banquet is the seventh British and ninth American studio album by English rock band The Rolling Stones.
 It was released in December 1968 by Decca Records in the United Kingdom and London Records in the United States.
 The album was a return to roots rock for the band following the psychedelic pop of their 1967 album "Their Satanic Majesties Request".
 It was the last Rolling Stones album to be released during Brian Jones' lifetime.
The Tin Man Was a Dreamer is a studio album by English musician Nicky Hopkins, released in 1973 on Columbia Records.
 While Hopkins had long been well known for his distinctive, melodic style on piano and Wurlitzer electric piano, the album provided a rare opportunity to hear him sing, unlike his earlier solo releases "The Revolutionary Piano of Nicky Hopkins" and "Jamming with Edward!
" The album was co-produced by Neil Young's regular producer, David Briggs, and featured contributions from George Harrison, Mick Taylor, Klaus Voormann and Hopkins' fellow Rolling Stones sidemen Bobby Keys and Jim Price.
The Rolling Stones No. 2 is the second UK album by the Rolling Stones released in 1965 following the massive success of 1964's debut "The Rolling Stones".
 It followed its predecessor's tendency to largely feature R&B covers.
 However, it does contain three compositions from the still-developing Mick Jagger/Keith Richards songwriting team.
 On Dutch and German pressings of the album, the title is listed as "The Rolling Stones Vol.
 2" on the front cover, although the back of the album cover lists the title as "The Rolling Stones No. 2".
"Sleep Tonight" appeared on the Rolling Stones' 1986 album "Dirty Work".
 It is the second song on the ten-track album where lead vocals are performed by Keith Richards, "Too Rude" being the first.
 This was the first time two songs sung by Richards appeared on a Rolling Stones album; since "Dirty Work" all their studio albums have included at least two tracks featuring Richards' lead vocals.
Some Girls is the 14th British and 16th American studio album by the Rolling Stones, released in 1978 on Rolling Stones Records.
 It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, and became the band's top selling album in the United States, certified by the RIAA as having six million copies sold as of 2000.
 It was a major critical success, becoming the only Rolling Stones album to be nominated for a Grammy in the Album of the Year category.
 Many reviewers called it a classic return to form and their best album since 1972's "Exile on Main St."
Rewind (1971–1984) is a compilation album by The Rolling Stones and was released in 1984.
 Coming only three years after "Sucking in the Seventies", the album was primarily compiled to mark the end of the band's alliance with Warner Music (in North America) and EMI (all other territories), both of whom were the distributors of Rolling Stones Records.
 It is the second Rolling Stones album to include a lyric sheet (after 1978's "Some Girls".)
