The Manitoba Chamber Orchestra was founded in 1972 by Ruben Gurevich.
 Gurevich served as music director and principal conductor until 1981.
 After a season of guest conductors, English conductor Simon Streatfeild, a founding member of the prestigious London-based chamber orchestra, the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, was appointed music director and principal conductor in 1982.
 He was succeeded by another English conductor, Roy Goodman (2000-2005), and then by Anne Manson, who began her tenure in 2008.
Sir Harold Malcolm Watts Sargent (29 April 1895 – 3 October 1967) was an English conductor, organist and composer widely regarded as Britain's leading conductor of choral works.
 The musical ensembles with which he was associated included the Ballets Russes, the Huddersfield Choral Society, the Royal Choral Society, the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, and the London Philharmonic, Hallé, Liverpool Philharmonic, BBC Symphony and Royal Philharmonic orchestras.
 Sargent was held in high esteem by choirs and instrumental soloists, but because of his high standards and a statement that he made in a 1936 interview disputing musicians' rights to tenure, his relationship with orchestral players was often uneasy.
 Despite this, he was co-founder of the London Philharmonic, was the first conductor of the Liverpool Philharmonic as a full-time ensemble, and played an important part in saving the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra from disbandment in the 1960s.
Jonathan Rennert (17 March 1952) is an English organist, conductor and writer.
 He gave his debut broadcast organ recital at the age of 19 in Westminster Cathedral, having become a Fellow of the Royal College of Organists at 18.
 ('A force to be reckoned with', opined the reviewer in 'Music & Musicians'.)
 He studied at the Royal College of Music under Richard Popplewell, John Barstow and William Lloyd Webber, and at Cambridge (where he was organ scholar of St John's College) under George Guest and Gillian Weir.
 Awards included Cambridge University's John Stewart of Rannoch Scholarship in Sacred Music and 'Greater London Arts Association Young Musician 1975'.
 Short periods based in London and Ottawa were followed by his appointment in 1979 as Director of Music of St Michael's Cornhill, the church which has been his base for 32 years.
 Here he has given more than 400 of the weekly lunchtime organ recitals, and continued the musical traditions of such predecessors as William Boyce (the 18th-century composer) and Harold Darke.
 He has tended to specialise in the music of J S Bach and romantic English composers, though he also gives first performances of new music.
 He has given organ recitals in many countries, and in 'celebrity' series at the Royal Festival Hall, St Paul's Cathedral and Westminster Abbey, and was Musician-in-Residence at Grace Cathedral, San Francisco.
 There are several CDs, including a choral disc of music by George Dyson in which Rennert conducted St Michael's Singers and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, and was commended by 'Gramophone' magazine: 'The performance is superb.
 Rennert has the right sense of spaciousness and husbands his climaxes with measured artistry.'
 Other choirs of which he has been chief conductor include the Elizabethan Singers and St Cecilia Chorus.
 His writings include biographies of the infant prodigy and composer William Crotch, and of the organist George Thalben-Ball.
 He has served as President of The Organ Club, Warden of the Incorporated Society of Musicians and Master of the Worshipful Company of Musicians.
 He is a senior moderating examiner for the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music.
Frederick C. Silvester (1901–1966) was an organist and composer.
 Silvester studied organ with C. Spencer Heap in England and, after moving in 1921 to Canada, with Lynnwood Farnam in Saskatoon.
 During his eight years there, he was organist at the First Baptist Church and Knox United Church.
 He moved to Toronto in 1929, studied at the TCM with MacMillan (organ) and Willan (theory and composition), and was organist 1931-1938 at the Church of the Messiah and 1938-1966 at Bloor Street United Church, where he led the choir in many large works.
 At the TCM he served at first, 1929–1946, as registrar of examinations, and then, 1946–1966, as registrar.
 He gave organ recitals in many parts of Canada and on the CBC and was president 1945-1947 of the CCO.
 He was also assistant conductor and coach 1942-1957, and conductor 1957-1960, of the Toronto Mendelssohn Choir.
 Of his work with the choir, George Kidd wrote, 'The overall effect is one of good discipline, a clear understanding, and a sincerity that spreads itself over all sections'.
 Silvester wrote a number of short choral works (published by Harris) and songs (published by Western).
 His Chorale "Prelude on Rockingham" has been recorded by Eric Robertson.
James McDonald Gayfer (26 March 1916 – 7 April 1997) was a Canadian bandmaster, clarinetist, composer, conductor, organist, military officer, and music educator.
 His compositional output encompasses several orchestral works, including two symphonies, numerous works for band and solo piano, a modest amount of chamber music, and several songs, hymns, and choral works.
 In 1944 his string quartet won the CPRS award and in 1947 his "Six Translations from the Chinese" for tenor and small orchestra won the Composers, Authors and Publishers Association of Canada competition.
 In 1960 he wrote "The Canadian Infantryman", the official march past of the Canadian School of Infantry.
 Although Gayfer's works remain unpublished, some of them have been recorded by a number of artists, including Howard Cable, David Mills, and the Edmonton Wind Ensemble.
 The band of the Royal 22 Régiment continues to perform his works with some frequency.
 In 1983 he was awarded the Service Medal of the Order of St John.
Andreas Düben (1597 – 7 July 1662) was a Swedish Baroque composer and organist, and father of Gustaf Düben.
 He was born near Leipzig and was admitted to Leipzig University in 1609.
 He studied with the renowned Dutch pedagogue Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck from 1614 until 1620 when he secured a position as organist in the Swedish court orchestra in Stockholm.
 He was appointed conductor of that same group in 1640.
 In addition to his activities at court, he served as organist of the German Church (from 1625), and Storkyrkan (from 1649/50).
 His assistant at the German Church was Wilhelm Karges.
 His surviving works include two choral works, a number of instrumental dances, and a handful of organ works.
Adrian Frederick Partington {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 1 October 1958) is an English conductor, chorus master, organist and pianist.
 He is director of music at Gloucester Cathedral, joint conductor of the Three Choirs Festival and artistic director for the Gloucester festival years, director of the BBC National Chorus of Wales, conductor of Gloucester Choral Society, and former conductor of Bristol Choral Society and leader of the postgraduate choral conducting course at the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama.
Roman Toi (born 18 June 1916 in Kõo Parish, Estonia) is an Estonian composer, choir conductor, and organist.
 Influenced by Ralph Vaughan Williams, Toi's music is melodic, lyrical, and melancholic in style.
 His compositional output includes nine cantatas (composed 1953–77), three symphonies (1969, 1972, 1974), and more than 80 choral works.
 Many of his compositions have become part of the standard Estonian choral repertoire.
John Edmund Paul Aldous (8 December 1853 – 23 January 1934) was a Canadian organist, conductor, composer, and music educator of English birth.
 His compositional output includes many short pieces for piano, organ, choir, and voice.
 He also composed four operettas: "Ptarmigan or A Canadian Carnival" (published 1895), "A Golden Catch", "Nancy or All for Love", and "The Poster Girl" (published 1902).
 Some of his more well known works are "Prelude and Fugue" for organ, the choral works "Grant, We Beseech Thee, Merciful Lord" and "Blessed Are the Dead that Die in the Lord", and the hymn "Egypt", all of which have been reprinted several times.
Paul Spicer (born 6 June 1952) is an English composer, conductor, and organist.
 He taught choral conducting at the Royal College of Music and conducted the RCM Chamber Choir between 1995 and 2008.
 He currently teaches conducting at the Birmingham Conservatoire and conducts their chamber choir which records for Somm Records.
 He also teaches at Oxford and Durham universities.
 Since 2004 he has been the conductor of the Petersfield Festival.
 He was Senior Producer for BBC Radio 3 for the Midlands Region based in Birmingham between 1984 and 1990 after which he moved to be Artistic Director of the Lichfield Festival.
 He also produced for various record companies over many years.
 He founded the Finzi Singers in 1984 making many recordings for Chandos Records.
 He conducts the Birmingham Bach Choir and the Whitehall Choir in London.
 His compositions include two oratorios for Easter and for Advent with libretti by the Dr Tom Wright and a choral symphony 'Unfinished Remembering' (2014) to a libretto by Euan Tait commemorating the outbreak of World War 1.
 He runs a series of choral courses under the banner of The English Choral Experience based mainly at Abbey Dore in Herefordshire.
