Bill Leavy (pronounced LEE-vee) is a retired American football official who officiated in the National Football League (NFL) from the 1995 through 2014 seasons, wore uniform number 127, and is also a retired San Jose, California police officer and firefighter, serving for 27 years.
 Leavy was, in his twenty-year NFL officiating career, assigned to fifteen playoff games, including two Super Bowls.
 He was selected as a back judge on the Super Bowl XXXIV officiating crew in 2000 and most recently headed up the Super Bowl XL officiating crew as referee in 2006.
Super Bowl XXXVII was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Oakland Raiders and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Tampa Bay Buccaneers to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2002 season.
 The Buccaneers defeated the Raiders by the score of 48–21, tied with Super Bowl XXXV for the seventh largest Super Bowl margin of victory, and winning their first ever Super Bowl.
 The game, played on January 26, 2003 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California, was the sixth Super Bowl to be held a week after the conference championship games (XVII, XXV, XXVIII, XXXIV, and XXXVI).
 It was also the last Super Bowl played in the month of January.
 Super Bowl XXXVI was the first to be played in February, due to the NFL postponing games for a week after the September 11 attacks.
 Starting with Super Bowl XXXVIII in 2004, the Super Bowl has been permanently played in February.
 This was the last Super Bowl until Super Bowl 50 to take place in California.
Todd Franklin Collins (born May 27, 1970) is a former National Football League linebacker.
 He started for the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XXXI, and Super Bowl XXXIV for the Rams.
Super Bowl XXXIV was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion St. Louis Rams (now the Los Angeles Rams) and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Tennessee Titans to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1999 season.
 The Rams defeated the Titans by the score of 23–16, capturing their first Super Bowl win and first NFL championship since 1951.
 The game, played on January 30, 2000 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, was the fourth Super Bowl to be held a week after the conference championship games (the previous time this happened was Super Bowl XXVIII, and coincidentally that game was also played on January 30 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta).
Richard Scott Proehl (born March 7, 1968) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League.
 Proehl played 17 seasons with the Phoenix/Arizona Cardinals, Seattle Seahawks, Chicago Bears, St. Louis Rams, Carolina Panthers, and Indianapolis Colts.
 He played in four Super Bowls and won two: Super Bowl XXXIV with the Rams and Super Bowl XLI with the Colts.
Thomas E. "Ted" Plumb (born August 20, 1939) is a former American football player & coach.
 His playing career ended after a neck injury in training camp as he looked like a promising young receiver for the Buffalo Bills out of Baylor University.
 Although his playing career was cut short by injury, it helped lift him into what became a long and exciting coaching career in: High School, College, & onto the NFL.
 Ted Plumb's NFL coaching career is special and unique as he was a coach for two of the most legendary Super Bowl champions in the history of the NFL; The Super Bowl XX Champion 1985 Bears, and the Super Bowl XXXIV Champion 2000 St. Louis Rams.
 Teddy served as the Wide Receivers Coach with the "Monsters of the Midway" Chicago Bears, and he served as the Director of Pro Scouting for the "Greatest Show on Turf" 2000 St. Louis Rams (according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch April 19, 2000).
 Plumb retired after that 2000 season to his home in Alba, Texas.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Tennessee Titans, an American football franchise of the National Football League (NFL).
 The list documents the season-by-season records of the Titans' franchise from 1960 to the present, including postseason records and league awards for individual players or head coaches.
 The Titans were originally known as the Houston Oilers and were a part of the inaugural season of the American Football League (AFL) in 1960.
 In 1997, the franchise moved to Tennessee, playing in Memphis temporarily until settling in Nashville.
 The team was rebranded as the Titans following the 1998 season.
 The Titans have yet to win a Super Bowl, falling short in their only appearance in Super Bowl XXXIV, although the team does have two championships from its early years in the AFL.
 During their tenure in Tennessee they have defeated all 31 other franchises at least once, enjoying a perfect record against the Detroit Lions (5-0).
Jeffrey William "Jeff" Robinson (born February 20, 1970) is a former professional football player, last as long snapper for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League.
 He was selected in the fourth round of the 1993 NFL Draft by the Denver Broncos, the 98th overall pick.
 Robinson later played for the St. Louis Rams and Dallas Cowboys; he earned a Super Bowl ring with the Rams in Super Bowl XXXIV.
 Robinson played college football at Idaho, where he was a four-year starter at defensive end.
Super Bowl LIII, the 53rd Super Bowl and the 49th modern-era National Football League (NFL) championship game, will decide the league champion for the 2018 NFL season.
 The game will be played on Sunday, February 3, 2019, at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia.
 This will be the third Super Bowl in Atlanta, having previously hosted Super Bowl XXVIII in 1994 and Super Bowl XXXIV in 2000.
 The game is set to be televised nationally by CBS.
Donald André "Dré" Bly (born May 22, 1977) is a retired American college and professional football player who was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for eleven seasons.
 He played college football for the University of North Carolina (UNC), and earned All-American honors twice.
 Bly was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the second round of the 1999 NFL Draft, and spent four seasons with the Rams, earning a Super Bowl ring with them in Super Bowl XXXIV over the Tennessee Titans.
 He was selected to two Pro Bowls during his four-year tenure with the Detroit Lions, and also played for the Denver Broncos and San Francisco 49ers.
