The Company They Keep: C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien as Writers in Community (2007) is a non-fiction book written by Diana Pavlac Glyer, an Inklings scholar and English professor at Azusa Pacific University.
 "The Company They Keep" challenges the commonly held belief that the Inklings did not influence each other through a detailed and engaging examination of both published and unpublished works, papers, and letters written by J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Charles Williams, Owen Barfield, Warren Lewis and the lesser-known writers who comprised the Inklings.
Smadar Lavie (Hebrew: סמדר לביא‎ ‎ ) is a Mizrahi U.S.-Israeli anthropologist, author, and activist.
 She specializes in the anthropology of Egypt, Israel and Palestine, emphasizing issues of race, gender and religion.
 Lavie is a Scholar in Residence at the Beatrice Bain Research Group of the University of California, Berkeley’s Department of Gender and Women’s Studies (2012-2016), and a visiting professor at the , University College Cork (2011–16).
 Lavie received her doctorate in Anthropology from the University of California at Berkeley (1989) and spent nine years as Assistant and Associate Professor of Anthropology at the University of California, Davis.
 She authored "The Poetics of Military Occupation" (UC Press, 1990), receiving the 1990 Honorable Mention of the Victor Turner Award for Ethnographic Writing, and "Wrapped in the Flag of Israel: Mizrahi Single Mothers and Bureaucratic Torture" (Berghahn Books 2014), receiving the 2015 Honorable Mention of the Association of Middle East Women’s Studies Book Award Competition.
 "Wrapped in the Flag of Israel" was also one of the four finalists in the 2015 Clifford Geertz Book Award Competition of the Society for the Anthropology of Religion.
 She also co-edited "Creativity/Anthropology" (Cornell UP, 1993) and "Displacement, Diaspora, and Geographies of Identity" (Duke UP, 1996).
 Lavie won the American Studies Association’s 2009 Gloria Anzaldúa Prize for her article, “Staying Put: Crossing the Palestine-Israel Border with Gloria Anzaldúa,” published in "Anthropology" and "Humanism" (2011).
 In 2013, Smadar Lavie won the “Heart at East” Honor Plaque for lifetime service to Mizraḥi communities in Israel-Palestine.
Amir Hussain is a scholar of religion who specializes in the study of Islam.
 His most recent book is "Muslims and the Making of America", published in 2016 by Baylor University Press.
 From 2011 to 2015 he was the editor of the "Journal of the American Academy of Religion", which is the flagship journal for the study of religion.
 He is also on the editorial boards of three other scholarly journals for the study of religion.
 In 2005, he joined the Department of Theological Studies at Loyola Marymount University, the Jesuit university in Los Angeles.
 He has done significant publishing work with Oxford University Press, including editing the fourth editions of two of their main textbooks, "World Religions: Western Traditions" and "World Religions: Eastern Traditions", and the third edition of "A Concise Introduction to World Religions".
 Professor Hussain is also a senior editor for religion for Oxford Handbooks Online.
 He has written numerous scholarly articles on Islam and Muslims, and is recognized as an authority on Islam in North America.
 He is a fellow of the Los Angeles Institute for the Humanities.
Diana Pavlac Glyer (born 21 January 1956 in Aberdeen, Maryland) is a United States author, speaker, and teacher whose work centers on C. S. Lewis, J. R. R. Tolkien, and the Inklings.
John Culp is a professor who works at the Azusa Pacific University in the Department of Philosophy.
 He specializes in the philosophy of religion, history of philosophy and Wesleyan theology.
 He has written for the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy.
Time and Eternity - An Essay on the Philosophy of Religion (1st imp.
 Princeton New Jersey 1952, Princeton University Press, 169 pp) is a philosophy book written by Walter Terence Stace.
 At the time of writing, Stace was a professor of philosophy at Princeton University, where he had worked since 1932 after a 22-year career in the Ceylon Civil Service.
 "Time and Eternity" was one of his first books about the philosophy of religion and mysticism, after writing throughout most of the 1930s and 1940s that was influenced by phenomenalist philosophy.
Peter Ludwig Berger (March 17, 1929 – June 27, 2017), an Austrian-born American sociologist and Protestant theologian, became known for his work in the sociology of knowledge, the sociology of religion, study of modernization, and theoretical contributions to sociological theory.
 He is arguably best known for his book, co-authored with Thomas Luckmann, "The Social Construction of Reality: A Treatise in the Sociology of Knowledge" (New York, 1966), which is considered one of the most influential texts in the sociology of knowledge, and played a central role in the development of social constructionism.
 In 1998 the International Sociological Association named this book as the fifth most-influential book written in the field of sociology during the 20th century.
 In addition to this book, some of the other books that Berger has written include: "" (1963); "" (1969); and "The Sacred Canopy: Elements of a Social Theory of Religion" (1967).
 Berger spent most of his career teaching at The New School for Social Research, at Rutgers University, and at Boston University.
 Before retiring, Berger had been at Boston University since 1981 and was the director of the Institute for the Study of Economic Culture.
Graham M. Schweig (born August 2nd, 1953 in Manhattan, New York) is Professor of Religion and , Director of Studies in Religion, and former inaugural Director of the Asian Studies program at Christopher Newport University.
 He is also Distinguished Teaching and Research Fellow at The Mira and Ajay Shingal Center for Dharma Studies of the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley.
 Schweig did his graduate studies at the University of Chicago and Harvard University and earned his doctorate in Comparative Religion from Harvard University and was a resident fellow of the Center for the Study of World Religions at Harvard.
 Schweig was Lecturer at Duke University and later Visiting Associate Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Virginia.
 Since 2007, Schweig has presented over three dozen invited lectures in his field at the the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC.Schweig is an "experienced registered yoga teacher at the 500 hour level (ERYT-500 as well as YACEP)" with Yoga Alliance, and he has held numerous teacher training workshops in the areas of yoga philosophy, history of yoga, Sanskrit for yoga teachers, and advanced trainings in meditation for teachers of yoga.
 He has over one hundred publications, such as journal articles, encyclopedia articles, reviews, book chapters, along with several books in the field.
 His book, "Dance of Divine Love: India's Classic Sacred Love Story: The Rasa Lila of Krishna" (Princeton University Press, 2005) presents an introduction to, comprehensive treatment and translation of the Bhagavata Purana's five chapters on the Rasa Dance of Krishna with the cowherd maidens of Vraja.
 Another of his works is an introduction to, translation and interpretation of the Bhagavad-gita, entitled "Bhagavad Gita: The Beloved Lord's Secret Love Song" (Harper One / Harper Collins Publishers, 2010).
 His most recent work is "A Living Theology of Krishna Bhakti: Essential Teachings of A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda", by Tamal Krishna Goswami, edited with an introduction and conclusion by Graham M. Schweig (Oxford University Press, New York, 2012).
Azusa Pacific University (APU) is a private, evangelical Christian university located near Los Angeles in suburban Azusa, California, United States.
 The university was founded in 1899, with classes opening on March 3, 1900, in Whittier, California, and began offering degrees in 1939.
 The university's seminary, the Graduate School of Theology, holds to a Wesleyan-Arminian doctrinal theology.
 APU offers more than 100 associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral programs on campus, online, and at seven regional locations across Southern California.
Diana L. Eck (born 1945 in Bozeman, Montana) is a scholar of religious studies who is Professor of Comparative Religion and Indian Studies at Harvard University, as well as a Master of Lowell House and the Director of The Pluralism Project at Harvard.
 Among other works, she is the author of "Banaras, City of Light", "Darsan: Seeing the Divine Image in India", "Encountering God: A Spiritual Journey from Bozeman to Banaras", and "A New Religious America: How a Christian Country Became the World's Most Religiously Diverse Nation".
 At Harvard, she is in the Department of Sanskrit and Indian Studies, the Committee on the Study of Religion, and is also a member of the Faculty of Divinity.
 She has been reappointed the chair for the Committee on the Study of Religion, a position which she held from 1990 to 1998.
 In March 2012, Diana authored her book "India: A Sacred Geography".
