The 2016 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Aztecs were led by sixth-year head coach Rocky Long and played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium.
 They were members of the West Division of the Mountain West Conference.
 They finished the season 11–3, 6–2 in Mountain West play to be champions of the West Division.
 They represented the West Division in the Mountain West Championship Game where they defeated Wyoming to be crowned Mountain West champions for the second consecutive year.
 They were invited to the Las Vegas Bowl where they defeated Houston.
The 2013 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Aztecs were led by third-year head coach Rocky Long and played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium.
 They were members of the West Division of the Mountain West Conference.
 They finished the season 8–5, 6–2 in Mountain West play to finish in second place in the West Division.
 They were invited to the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl where they defeated Buffalo.
Viejas Arena at Aztec Bowl (formerly named Cox Arena), located on the San Diego State University (SDSU) campus in San Diego, California, is the home of the San Diego State Aztecs men's basketball and women's basketball teams.
 Viejas Arena opened its doors to the campus and community in July 1997 and seats 12,414 for basketball and up to 12,845 for concerts.
 The facility also hosts SDSU's commencement ceremonies.
 Previously, the Aztecs played at Peterson Gymnasium also on the SDSU campus.
 However, the men's basketball team played most of their home games at the San Diego Sports Arena prior to Viejas Arena's construction.
The San Diego State Aztecs men's soccer team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of San Diego State University in San Diego, California, United States.
 The team is an associate member of the Pac-12 Conference, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I.
 San Diego State's first men's soccer team was fielded in 1968.
 The team plays its home games at SDSU Sports Deck in San Diego.
 The Aztecs are coached by Lev Kirshner.
The 2014 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Aztecs were led by fourth-year head coach Rocky Long and played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium.
 They were members of the West Division of the Mountain West Conference.
 San Diego State finished the season 7–6, 5–3 in Mountain West play to finish in a share for first place in the West Division.
 However, due to Mountain West tiebreaker rules, because of their head to head loss to Fresno State they were not considered division co–champions.
 They were invited to the Poinsettia Bowl where they lost to Navy 16–17.
The 2012 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Aztecs were led by second-year head coach Rocky Long and played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium.
 This was San Diego State's 14th season in the Mountain West Conference.
The 2017 San Diego State Aztecs football team represents San Diego State University in the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Aztecs are led by seventh-year head coach Rocky Long and play their home games at SDCCU Stadium.
 SDSU is a member of the Mountain West Conference in the West Division.
The San Diego State Aztecs baseball team is the college baseball program that represents the San Diego State University.
 Along with the university's other athletic teams, the baseball team became a member of the Mountain West Conference during the 1999–00 academic year.
 Previously, the baseball program competed in the Western Athletic Conference.
 The Aztecs play in Tony Gwynn Stadium, on the SDSU campus in San Diego, California.
 From 2003 until his death in 2014, Tony Gwynn was the program's head coach.
The 1970 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State College during the 1970 NCAA University Division football season as a member of the Pacific Coast Athletic Association.
 The team was led by head coach Don Coryell, in his tenth year, and they played their home games at San Diego Stadium in San Diego, California.
 They finished the season as co-champions of the conference, with a record of nine wins and two losses (9–2, 5–1 PCAA).
The 2007 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State University in the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS college football season.
 The Aztecs, led by head coach Chuck Long, played their home games at the Qualcomm Stadium.
 They finished with a record of 4–8 (3–5 MWC).
