The Catalyst Science Discovery Centre (originally known as The Museum of the Chemical Industry) is a science centre and museum focusing on chemistry and the history of the chemical industry.
 It is located near Spike Island in Widnes, Cheshire, and next to the River Mersey.
 The museum is accredited by the Arts Council England.
The Cottonwood River is a tributary of the Minnesota River, 152 miles (245 km) long, in southwestern Minnesota in the United States.
 Via the Minnesota River, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River, draining an area of 1313 sqmi in an agricultural region.
 The river's name is a translation of the Sioux name for the river, Waraju, for the cottonwood tree, which is common along prairie rivers.
 It has also been known historically as the Big Cottonwood River.
Motijhil (also Motijheel, literal translation: Pearl Lake), also known as Company Bagh due to its association with the East India Company, is a horse-shoe shaped lake in Murshidabad, West Bengal, India.
 It was created by Nawazish Muhammad Khan, the son-in-law of Nawab Alivardi Khan.
 He also constructed a precious palatial palace beside this lake which is called the "Sang-i- dalan" (literal translation:stone palace) which is also known as the "Motijhil Palace".
 It is located at the bend of this lake.
 It was used as the residence of Nawazish and Ghaseti Begum, Nawazish's beloved wife.
 It is said that after Nawazish died, Ghaseti Begum lived here until Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah took over the palace and seized humongous amount of treasures in 1756 AD.
 With this money he built a similar lake with a beautiful palace, Hirajheel, on the opposite side of the Bhagirathi River.
 The palace has a lofty gateway, a mosque known as the ""Shahamat Jang"" and the "Kala Masjid" and some other buildings which were all built by Nawazish.
 This palace was built in 1740.
 As far as etymology is concerned, the palace has been named so as it was built using black basalt pillars which were brought from the ruins of Gaur.
 Thus, it was given the name of "Sang-i-Dalan" or the Stone Palace.
 This palace was then decorated with different varieties of flower plants and precious marbles.
 Inside the palace is a huge room having no doors or windows in it and closed on all the four sides.
 Some say that huge quantity of wealth belonging to the Begum had been kept hidden underground the room.
 Once labourers were employed to break open the masonry and excavate the treasure, but they ended up vomiting blood, so nobody dares to open it.
 The room is 65 feet long, 23 feet broad, 12 feet high plinth area, 1339 square feet.
The Deschutes River is a 50 mi river in Washington, United States.
 Its source is in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in Lewis County, and it empties into Budd Inlet of Puget Sound at Olympia in Thurston County.
 It was given its name by French fur traders, who called it Rivière des Chutes, or "River of the Falls", a translation of the First Nations name for the site.
 (The city of Tumwater, founded in the same location, takes its name from another translation for "waterfall", this one in Chinook Jargon.)
One source gives Cuerdley railway station as being on what is now the southeastern edge of Widnes, England, stating that it was located near the then bone works which the 1849 OS Map shows as at the convergence of Moss Lane, the railway, the Sankey Canal, a creek and the north bank of the tidal River Mersey.
 Of these only Moss Lane is no longer readily identifiable on a modern OS Map.
 The authoritative "Disused Stations" website does not include an article on Cuerdley station, however, it does repeatedly use a map which places Cuerdley station some distance nearer Warrington.
 This is corroborated by the Engineer's Line Reference (ELR) database which gives Cuerdley station as 1 mile 10 chains from Fiddlers Ferry and Penketh station and 1 mile 31 chains from Carterhouse Junction.
 Furthermore, the ELR data gives the station site as only 31 chains west of the modern-day junction for Fiddlers Ferry Power station.
Runcorn is an industrial town and cargo port in Cheshire, England, located within the Borough of Halton.
 In 2010, Runcorn's population was estimated to be 61,000.
 The town is on the southern bank of the River Mersey, where the estuary narrows to form the Runcorn Gap.
 Directly to the north across the River Mersey is the town of Widnes.
 Upstream and 8 mi to the northeast is the town of Warrington, and downstream 16 mi to the west is the city of Liverpool.
The Lac qui Parle River is a tributary of the Minnesota River, 118 miles (190 km) long, in southwestern Minnesota in the United States.
 A number of tributaries of the river, including its largest, the West Branch Lac qui Parle River, also flow in eastern South Dakota.
 Via the Minnesota River, the Lac qui Parle River is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River, draining an area of 1,156 sqmi in an agricultural region.
 Slightly more than two-thirds of the Lac qui Parle watershed is in Minnesota.
 "Lac qui parle" means "the lake which speaks" in the French language, and was a translation of the Sioux name for Lac qui Parle, a lake on the Minnesota River upstream of the mouth of the Lac qui Parle River.
Fiddlers Ferry Power Station is a coal fired power station located in Warrington, Cheshire, in North West England, which is capable of co-firing biomass.
 It is situated on the north bank of the River Mersey between the towns of Widnes and Warrington.
 Opened in 1971, the station has a generating capacity of 1,989 megawatts (MW).
 In a bid to combine efforts at the design and construction stages the Boiler and Turbo-generator plant were replicated at West Burton power station located between Retford and Gainsborough in North Nottinghamshire.
The Silver Jubilee Bridge, "Widnes-Runcorn Bridge" or Runcorn Bridge crosses the River Mersey and the Manchester Ship Canal at Runcorn Gap between Runcorn and Widnes in Halton, England.
 It is a through arch bridge with a main arch span of 361 yards (330 m).
 It was opened in 1961 as a replacement for the Widnes-Runcorn Transporter Bridge, and was initially known simply as the Runcorn Bridge or Runcorn–Widnes Bridge.
 In 1975–77 it was widened, after which it was given its official name in honour of the Queen's Silver Jubilee.
 It carries the A533 road and a cantilevered footway.
 The bridge is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The Mersey Gateway is a multi-million pound transport scheme between Runcorn and Widnes in Cheshire, England.
 The main part of the project is the construction of the "Mersey Gateway" toll bridge that will span the River Mersey and the Manchester Ship Canal.
 The crossing, which will have three traffic lanes in each direction, will be located approximately 1.5 km to the east of the existing Silver Jubilee Bridge.
 Apart from the new bridge, the project also includes major civil engineering work realigning the existing road network, constructing new interchanges and landscaping 9 km of highway.
