Ruby Buckton is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera "Home and Away", played by Rebecca Breeds.
 She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 20 June 2008.
 Ruby was created by executive producer Cameron Welsh.
 When she was first introduced she appeared to hide her problems and pretends to be strong.
 She was characterised as a free spirited and independent girl.
 Her storylines have consistently followed themes such as romance, unrequited love and rejection.
 In what has been described as a "shock storyline" Ruby discovered her sister Charlie Buckton was in fact her mother.
 This had subsequent effects in her character development.
 She became out of place and confused about her life.
 It destroyed her trust in Charlie and their relationship never recovered.
 Ruby went on a journey of self-discovery and used men to redefine herself.
 Her relationship with Xavier Austin was characterised through their mutual friendship, which ended through lack of passion.
 She controversially fell in love with her music teacher Liam Murphy, the pair shared an emotional and creative connection through music.
 Yet, her advances were unrequited and it created problems with her state of mind and began binge drinking.
 Breeds felt the storyline differed to her romance with Xavier, as it showed Ruby "headstrong and unconfined".
 Breeds felt they were ill-suited to one another.
"All Good Things (Come to an End)" is a song by Canadian-Portuguese singer Nelly Furtado from her third studio album "Loose" (2006).
 It was written by Furtado, Tim "Timbaland" Mosley, Chris Martin, and Nate "Danja" Hills.
 The song was released as the album's third European single in November 2006.
 It was released as the fourth single in the United States and Australia.
 The single featured Chris Martin, frontman of the band Coldplay, harmonizing throughout the song.
 The original version had him say a few words at the beginning, and sing the chorus behind Furtado.
 Critically, "All Good Things (Come to an End)" was praised for having diversity in comparison to other songs on "Loose", but at the same time criticized for its mellowness.
 Commercially, the song did well on the music charts, reaching number-one in more than fifteen countries including Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands.
"Yellow" is a song by the British rock band Coldplay.
 The band wrote the song and co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson for their debut album, "Parachutes" (2000).
 The song's lyrics are a reference to the band's lead singer Chris Martin's unrequited love.
"Princess of China" is a duet recorded by British rock band Coldplay and Barbadian singer Rihanna for Coldplay's fifth studio album "Mylo Xyloto".
 The song was written by band members Guy Berryman, Jonny Buckland, Will Champion, and Chris Martin, along with Brian Eno, and is influenced by the music genres of electronic rock, electropop and R&B.
 The song was released as the fourth single from "Mylo Xyloto" and was sent to US Mainstream radio on 14 February 2012.
 It was later released as a digital download on 13 April 2012.
 A companion EP to the single, featuring an acoustic version of the song, was released on 1 June 2012.
Slideling is the third solo album by British singer-songwriter Ian McCulloch and was released in 2003.
 The album features guest appearances by Coldplay singer Chris Martin, who provides backing vocals and piano on "Sliding" as well as piano on "Arthur"; Coldplay lead guitarist Jonny Buckland, who plays guitar on "Sliding" and "Arthur"; and actor John Simm, who plays guitar on "Sliding".
"Gravity" is the 2004 lead single from "Out of Nothing", the fourth album by English rock band Embrace.
 Written by Coldplay, the song was first performed live by that group in 2002.
 Ultimately, Coldplay frontman Chris Martin gave the song to Embrace, although Coldplay released their own version in 2005, as a B-side to the single "Talk".
"Homecoming" is a song by American hip-hop recording artist and record producer Kanye West.
 It was included as the twelfth song on the track-listing of his third studio album "Graduation" (2007).
 The track was produced by West with Warryn Campbell and features a guest appearance from Chris Martin, lead vocalist of the English alternative rock band Coldplay, who sings the song's chorus.
 West met Chris Martin by chance at the famed Abbey Road Studios in London, England on February 14, 2006.
 Afterwards, the two artists held an impromptu jam session and recorded the track.
 "Homecoming" is actually a reworking of a track known as "Home (Windy)" that originated from a demo tape dating back to the year 2001.
 The early recordings of "Home (Windy)" exhibit West's once trademark soulful vocal sample production style.
 Additionally, the lyrics of the song's chorus are different than that of Martin's and were originally sung by singer John Legend, who was known at the time as John Stephens.
 West wrote "Homecoming" as a tribute dedicated to his hometown of Chicago, Illinois.
 His conceptual lyrics feature an extended metaphor where he uses a love interest to speak on his relationship with the city.
"Blame Game" is a song by American hip-hop recording artist Kanye West from his fifth studio album, "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" (2010).
 The song features recording artist John Legend and was produced by West, Justin Franks, and Mike Dean.
 The song features a hip hop skit provided by comedian Chris Rock.
 It contains a sample of "Avril 14th", written by Richard D. James, known primarily by his pseudonym, Aphex Twin.
 Lyrically, the song contains West's thoughts on past break-ups and explores themes of unrequited love, heartbreak, and spousal abuse.
 Midway through the song, Rock delivers an extended monologue as the new boyfriend of West's past lover.
A torch song is a sentimental love song, typically one in which the singer laments an unrequited or lost love, either where one party is oblivious to the existence of the other, where one party has moved on, or where a romantic affair has affected the relationship.
 The term comes from the saying, "to carry a torch for someone", or to keep aflame the light of an unrequited love.
 Tommy Lyman started the use in his praise of "My Melancholy Baby."
"Shiver" is a song by British rock band Coldplay.
 British record producer Ken Nelson and Coldplay produced the track for their debut album "Parachutes".
 Lead singer Chris Martin admitted that "Shiver" was written for a specific woman, from whom the media has generated several speculations.
 The song contains influences attributed to American singer-songwriter Jeff Buckley, whom Coldplay's early influences were drawn from.
