Epizootic hemorrhagic disease (EHD) is a hemorrhagic disease of white-tailed deer ("Odocoileus virginianus") caused by an infection of a virus from the genus "Orbivirus" (Shope et al. 1960, Howarth et al. 2001).
 It is an infectious, and sometimes fatal, virus that is characterized by extensive hemorrhages, and is found throughout the United States.
 It is important for deer hunters, farmers, farm property owners, and livestock owners to have knowledge about EHD because of the seriousness of this disease, its ability to cause large scale outbreaks in wild ruminants, and its ability to affect livestock and the production industry.
 Epizootic hemorrhagic disease has been found in some domestic ruminants and many species of deer including white-tailed deer, mule deer, and pronghorn antelope.
 Seropositive black-tailed deer, fallow deer, red deer, wapiti, and roe deer have also been found, which essentially means that they were exposed to the disease at some time in the past, but may not be involved in transmission.
 Outbreaks of EHD have been reported in cattle although it is rare for them to develop disease or die.
 Sheep may develop clinical signs; however, this is also rare (Howarth et al. 2001).
Deer (singular and plural) are the ruminant mammals forming the family Cervidae.
 The two main groups are the Cervinae, including the muntjac, the fallow deer and the chital, and the Capreolinae, including the elk, reindeer (caribou), the Western roe deer, and the moose.
 Female reindeer, and male deer of all species (except the Chinese water deer), grow and shed new antlers each year.
 In this they differ from permanently horned antelope, which are in the same order, Artiodactyla.
Cutaneous fibromas are frequently occurring neoplasms naturally occurring virus of white-tailed deer ("Odocoileus virginianus").
 Deer fibromas appear on the skin as hard and round tumors that can be as big as 1 cm in diameter.
 The tumors are blackish or brown and have a rough textured surface.
 They do not cause the animal harm unless clumps of fibromas interfere with breathing, eating, or walking.
 "Fibromas have been reported in white-tailed deer ("Odocoileus virginianus"), mule deer ("Odocoileus hemionus"), black-tailed deer ("Odocoileus hemionus"), fallow deer ("Cervus dama"), red deer ("Cervus elaphus"), roe deer ("Capreolus capreolus"), Sika deer ("Cervus nippon"), moose (Alces alces) and caribou ("Rangifer caribou")."
 Other common names for fibromas are deer warts or Shope’s warts/fibroma.
 They are found across the entirety of the whitetail's range.
The European roe deer ("Capreolus capreolus"), also known as the western roe deer, "chevreuil", or simply roe deer or roe, is a Eurasian species of deer.
 The male of the species is sometimes referred to as a roebuck.
 The roe deer is relatively small, reddish and grey-brown, and well-adapted to cold environments.
 The species is widespread in Europe, from the Mediterranean to Scandinavia and from Britain to the Caucasus and east to northern Iran and Iraq.
 It is distinct from the somewhat larger Siberian roe deer.
The 5.6×57mm cartridge was created by RWS in Germany for hunting small deer such as roe deer, and for chamois.
 The calibre has a significant following among European sportsmen, and most European mass production riflemakers chamber several models of rifle for this cartridge.
 During the 1970-1990 period this cartridge was widely and successfully used in the Republic of Ireland for deer shooting, since security considerations at a period of Provisional Irish Republican Army violence had led to a ban on the civilian ownership of calibres larger than .224in.
 Some British small deer specialist hunters use the 5.6×57mm with great success on roe deer, muntjac and Chinese water deer.
There are four species of deer living wild in Ireland today, namely Red Deer, Fallow Deer, Sika Deer and the recently introduced Reeve's Muntjac which is becoming established.
 Recently (2016), roe deer has been spotted in county Wicklow and county Armagh
There are six types of deer living wild in Great Britain: the Scottish red deer, roe deer, fallow deer, sika deer, Reeves's muntjac, and the Chinese water deer.
 Of those, Scottish red and roe deer are native and have lived in the isles throughout the Holocene.
 Fallow deer have been reintroduced twice, by the Romans and the Normans, after it died out in the last ice age.
 The other three are escaped or released alien species.
Roe Green Park is a park in the London Borough of Brent, northwest London, England.
 Its name may come from the Roe Deer that used to roam the area until the Medieval period at Roe Green House, on the site now occupied by Roe Green Village.
 The Barn Hill Conservation Group maintain the Roe Green walled garden that is within the park.
 Roe Green Village was built between 1918 and 1920, using Prussian/German prisoners of war as cheap labour after World War I.
 The park was incorporated and thus taken under council control between 1935 and 1938.
Bambi, a Life in the Woods, originally published in Austria as Bambi: Eine Lebensgeschichte aus dem Walde is a 1923 Austrian novel written by Felix Salten and published by Ullstein Verlag.
 The novel traces the life of Bambi, a male roe deer, from his birth through childhood, the loss of his mother, the finding of a mate, the lessons he learns from his father and experience about the dangers posed by human hunters in the forest.
The Siberian roe deer or eastern roe deer ("Capreolus pygargus") is a species of roe deer found in northeastern Asia.
 In addition to Siberia and Mongolia, it is found in Kazakhstan, the Tian Shan Mountains of Kyrgyzstan, eastern Tibet, the Korean Peninsula, and northeastern China (Manchuria).
