Bratslav (Ukrainian: Брацлав ; Polish: "Bracław" ; Yiddish: בראָסלעוו‎ , "Broslev", today also pronounced Breslev or "Breslov" as the name of a Hasidic group, which originated from this town) is an urban-type settlement in Ukraine, located in Nemyriv Raion of Vinnytsia Oblast, by the Southern Bug river.
 It is a medieval European city and a regional center of the Eastern Podolia region (see Bratslav Voivodeship) founded by government of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland, which dramatically lost its importance during the 19th-20th centuries.
 Population:  (2015 est.)
A comic book convention or comic con is an event with a primary focus on comic books and comic book culture, in which comic book fans gather to meet creators, experts, and each other.
 Commonly, comic conventions are multi-day events hosted at convention centers, hotels, or college campuses.
 They feature a wide variety of activities and panels, with a larger number of attendees participating in cosplay than most other types of fan conventions. Comic book conventions are also used as a vehicle for industry, in which publishers, distributors, and retailers represent their comic-related releases.
 Comic book conventions may be considered derivatives of science-fiction conventions, which began in the late 1930s.
Birmingham has 571 parks totalling over 3500 ha of public open space, more than any other equivalent sized European city.
 The centrepieces of Birmingham's park system are the five Premier Parks.
 Ten parks have received the prestigious Green Flag Award.
 The city also has five local nature reserves, one national nature reserve and a number of Wildlife Trust nature reserves.
Bab el Bhar ("the sea gate"), also known as Porte De France (the gate of France), is a city gate in Tunis, the capital of Tunisia.
 It marks the separation between the Medina of Tunis and the European city.
 The gate is made up of a lowered archway and topped by a crenellated parapet.
Sheena, Queen of the Jungle is a fictional American comic book jungle girl heroine, originally published primarily by Fiction House.
 She was the first female comic book character with her own title, with her 1937 (in Great Britain; 1938 in the United States) premiere preceding "Wonder Woman" #1 (cover-dated Dec. 1941).
 Sheena inspired a wealth of similar comic book jungle queens.
 She was predated in literature by Rima, the Jungle Girl, introduced in the 1904 William Henry Hudson novel "Green Mansions".
 Sheena was ranked 59th in "Comics Buyer's Guide"s "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.
Microcosm: Portrait of a Central European City is a 2002 book by historians Norman Davies and Roger Moorhouse about the history of Wrocław, the largest city in western Poland.
The Architecture of the City (Italian: "L'architettura della città" ) is a seminal book of urban design theory by the Italian architect Aldo Rossi published in Padova in 1966.
 The book marks the shift from the urban doctrines of modernism to a rediscovery of the traditional European city.
Metropolis Collectibles is a famous rare comic book dealer of vintage American comics, primarily known for its large collection of comic books originally published in the 1930s, 1940s, 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
 Metropolis was founded in 1984 by Stephen Fishler, and merged companies in 1999 with Vincent Zurzolo, Jr., of Vincent's Collectibles.; Zurzolo said that as he found he could not compete with Fishler's business, merging the two made sense.
 The company is located on Broadway in New York City, and the comic book showroom allows viewings by appointment only.
 Over the years, Metropolis Collectibles has grown from being a comic-book mail-order company to maintaining a major online retail presence.
 In addition to being comic book buyers and comic book sellers, Metropolis also gives comic book appraisals and provides comic book valuation services of rare, old out-of-print comics.
 Metropolis Collectibles has obtained a variety of notable classic comic book collections over the years, or "pedigrees", including the Crowley Collection, the Allentown Pedigree, the D-Copy Collection, and the Northford Collection.
 In August 2014, the company was able to purchase a near-mint copy of "Action Comics #1" (CGC 9.0) for $3.2 million in an auction on eBay.
Danika Lee Massey, also known as Comic Book Girl 19 or CBG19, is a YouTube personality known for her commentaries on comics, films, books, and television shows.
 She has a degree in sequential art from the Savannah College of Art and Design.
Thomas Sieverts (born 1934) is a German architect and urban planner.
 He is the author of "Zwischenstadt" (1997; first published in English in 2000 as "Cities without Cities: An interpretation of the Zwischenstadt"), a book which addresses the decentralization of the compact historical European city and examines the new form of urbanity which has spread across the world describable as the urbanised landscape or the landscaped city.
 Sieverts calls this the "Zwischenstadt", or "in-between city", as it exists between old historical city centres and open countrysides, between place as a living space and the non-places of movement, between small local economic cycles and the dependency on the world market.
 In 2008 a group calling itself "suddenly" commissioned the American writer Diana George to make a new translation of "Zwischenstadt" which they published as "Where We Live Now" (the English phrase George chose as the translation of Sieverts's neologism "Zwischenstadt").
 In October 2008, Sieverts came to Portland, Oregon, on the occasion of the book's publication to take part in a week-long symposium about his work, also called "suddenly".
