B. Reeves Eason (October 2, 1886 – June 9, 1956) was an American film director, actor and screenwriter.
 His directorial output was limited mainly to low-budget westerns and action pictures, but it was as a second-unit director and action specialist that he was best known.
 He was famous for staging spectacular battle scenes in war films and action scenes in large-budget westerns, but he acquired the nickname "Breezy" for his "breezy" attitude towards safety while staging his sequences—during the famous cavalry charge at the end of "Charge of the Light Brigade" (1936) that Eason directed, so many horses were killed or injured so severely that they had to be euthanized that both the public and Hollywood itself were outraged, resulting in the selection of the American Humane Society by the beleaguered studios to provide representatives on the sets of all films using animals to ensure their safety.
Prairie Thunder is a 1937 American Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason and written by Ed Earl Repp.
 The film stars Dick Foran, Janet Shaw, Frank Orth, Wilfred Lucas, Albert J. Smith and Yakima Canutt.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on September 11, 1937.
Competition is a 1915 short film produced by the American Film Manufacturing Company, released by Mutual Film, directed by B. Reeves Eason and Tom Ricketts and starring Charlotte Burton.
 It was Eason's directional debut, and he also acted in it.
Sergeant Murphy is a 1938 American comedy film directed by B. Reeves Eason and written by Sy Bartlett and William Jacobs.
 The film stars Ronald Reagan, Mary Maguire, Donald Crisp, Ben Hendricks Jr. and William B. Davidson.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on January 1, 1938.
The Miracle Rider is a 1935 Mascot movie serial directed by B. Reeves Eason and Armand Schaefer.
 The serial stars silent movie cowboy star Tom Mix in his last major film role.
Spy Ship is a 1942 American Warner Bros. B picture drama film directed by B. Reeves Eason and written by Robert E. Kent.
 The film, a remake of "Fog Over Frisco" that was based on the short story "The Five Fragments" by George Dyer stars Craig Stevens, Irene Manning (playing a character based on Laura Ingalls), Maris Wrixon, Tod Andrews, Peter Whitney and John Maxwell.
 The film was released by Warner Bros. on June 6, 1942.
Mystery Mountain is a 1934 American Western serial film directed by Otto Brower and B. Reeves Eason and starring Ken Maynard, Verna Hillie, Syd Saylor, Edward Earle, and Hooper Atchley.
 Distributed by Mascot Pictures, the series was a remake of Mascot's film "The Hurricane Express" (1932).
 "Mystery Mountain" features the second film appearance by Gene Autry.
The Law of the Wild is a 1934 American Mascot movie serial directed by B. Reeves Eason and Armand Schaefer.
Service with the Colors is a 1940 American short drama film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 13th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
Barnes Reeves Eason, better known by his screen name B. Reeves Eason Jr. (November 19, 1914 – October 25, 1921), was an American silent film child actor.
 Billed as "Master Breezy Reeves Jr." and "Universal's Littlest Cowboy", and later also known as Breezy Eason Jr., he was the son of motion picture director and actor B. Reeves Eason and his wife, the actress Jimsy Maye.
