Horno ( ; ] ) is a mud adobe-built outdoor oven used by Native Americans and early settlers of North America.
 Originally introduced to the Iberian Peninsula by the Moors, it was quickly adopted and carried to all Spanish-occupied lands.
 The horno has a beehive shape and uses wood as the heat source.
 The procedure still used in parts of New Mexico and Arizona is to build a fire inside the horno and, when the proper amount of time has passed, remove the embers and ashes and insert the bread to be cooked.
 In the case of corn, the embers are doused with water and the corn is then inserted into the horno to be "steam"-cooked.
 When cooking meats, the oven is fired to a "white hot" temperature (approximately 650 °F or 340 °C), the coals are moved to the back of the oven, and the meats placed inside.
 The smoke-hole and door are sealed with mud.
 A twenty-one-pound turkey will take 2½ to 3 hours to cook.
 It comes out very succulent.
 Since the horno is made of adobe, it wicks the moisture into the food in a natural convection.
Luck's Incorporated was a food production company founded in Seagrove, North Carolina, in 1947, which produced a line of canned bean and other canned food products.
 For a period of time, it was one of the largest employers in the area and its canned food products were a staple in many Southern homes.
 It is now a brand of Arizona Canning Company, after a recent divestment by ConAgra
Discada is a mixed meat dish popular in the northern Mexican states of Baja California, Sinaloa, Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Durango, Nuevo León and Tamaulipas.
 The dish includes a mixture of grilled meats cooked on an agricultural plow disk harrow, hence its name.
 The basic meats for a traditional discada include beef (usually a flank cut), bacon, ham, sausage, and Mexican chorizo.
 The disk is placed over an open flame, and the ingredients are introduced one at a time.
 The meats are seasoned and marinated according to the cook's preference and usually include salt, pepper, lime juice, and garlic.
 Aromatics including white or purple onions, bell peppers, Jalapeno or Serrano peppers, and tomatoes are also used to add flavor and color to the dish.
 It is usually served with tortillas in tacos or separately on a plate.
Gravy is a sauce often made from the juices of meats that run naturally during cooking and thickened with wheat flour or cornstarch for added texture.
 In the United States, the term can refer to a wider variety of sauces.
 The gravy may be further colored and flavored with gravy salt (a simple mix of salt and caramel food colouring) or gravy browning (gravy salt dissolved in water) or ready-made cubes and powders can be used as a substitute for natural meat or vegetable extracts.
 Canned and instant gravies are also available.
 Gravy is commonly served with roasts, meatloaf, rice, and mashed potatoes.
The Indian Packing Company was a company that was involved in the canned meat industry and was organized in Delaware on July 22, 1919.
 Its canned meat sold as "Council Meats."
 When the company was absorbed by the Illinois-based Acme Packing Company in 1921, it had facilities in Green Bay, Wisconsin; Providence, Rhode Island; Greenwood, Indiana; and Dupont, Indiana At the time of the sale it was controlled by New England Supply Company of Providence, Rhode Island with F.P Comstock as its principal owner.
Puin (Russian: Пуин ) also spelled PuTin (Russian: ПуТин ) is a brand of vegetable and mushrooms canned goods produced by "Astrakhan Canned-food Plant" (Astarkhanskiy Konservniy Kombinat) and its parent company "Russian Canned-food Plant" (Russkiy Konservniy Kombinat).
 The official name of the brand is Puin but the logo is crossed by the T-shaped sword (a KGB symbol) making the impression that the brand is PuTin, similar to the name of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
 The logo is put on the background of a Double-headed eagle very similar but not identical to the Coat of arms of Russia.
 The official logo was developed in 2007 to compete with Ukrainian brand Veres that currently takes approximately 70% share of all the canned food sold in Russian supermarkets.
 According to the owners of the trademark the logo increased their sales by 35-40%.
Plumrose USA, Inc. produces sliced meats, deli hams, and bacon in the United States.
 The company offers its products to food distributors, retailers, warehouse stores, institutions, and restaurants.
 What started out as a sliced ham company in 1932, has expanded into a business that offers a multitude of product lines including premium bacons, packaged deli meats, quality deli counter hams, cooked ribs and canned hams.
Bush Brothers & Company is a family-owned corporation best known for its Bush's Best brand canned baked beans.
 The company produces approximately 80 percent of the canned baked beans consumed in the United States, representing estimated annual sales in excess of $400 million and the processing of more than 55 million pounds of beans per year.
 In addition, the company also offers other canned beans (black, garbanzo, pinto, and refried), as well as peas, hominy, and cut green beans.
 Based in Knoxville, Tennessee, Bush Brothers operates plants in Augusta, Wisconsin and Chestnut Hill, Tennessee.
 Its canned goods are sold through retail food outlets and food service operators throughout the United States and Canada.
Headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, GFS Canada distributes fresh foods, canned and dry foods, fresh and frozen meats, seafood and poultry, imported special orders, equipment, supplies and much more.
 GFS Canada distributes in every province of Canada.
 GFS Canada is one of the largest foodservice distributors in Canada along with Sysco.
 Gordon Food Service moved into Canada through the acquisition of 5 Canadian companies, now under the single title of GFS Canada.
Creminelli Fine Meats was founded in 2007 by Cristiano Creminelli, Chris Bowler, and Jared Lynch.
 The Creminelli family has been in artisan meat and cheese for multiple generations, first as farm-steading producers and then as owners of Salumificio di Vigliano.
 Cristiano Creminelli's maternal grandfather produced meat products, as well as served as the personal chef for General Pietro Badoglio, the Italian general who took over the government briefly after Benito Mussolini was deposed.
 Cristiano's father took over Salumifico di Vigliano, which would become the family business in the 1970s.
 Cristiano served as his father's apprentice in his teens.
 He was put in charge of production in 1990 and was managing the all aspects of the business by 1996.
 Chris Bowler was working as an official liasion for the US Olympic Committee in Italy for the 2006 Torino Winter Olympics when he met Creminelli, who at the time was in the process of taking over the family business and looking to expand outside of his hometown of Biella, Italy.
 Bowler and Creminelli decided to establish Creminelli Fine Meats with Lynch in Salt Lake City.
 After moving to the US, the company was initially operating out of the basement of Tony Caputo's Gourmet Food Market & Deli in downtown Salt Lake City.
 It relocated several times before moving into a 75,000-square-foot processing facility.
 By 2015, the company was generating $29.6 million in revenue.
