Lori Goldston is an American cellist and composer.
 Accomplished in a wide variety of styles, including classical, world music, rock and free improvisation, she was the touring cellist for Nirvana from 1993–1994 and appears on their live album "MTV Unplugged in New York".
 She is a member of Earth, the Black Cat Orchestra, and Spectratone International, and also performs solo.
Ben Sollee (born November 28, 1983) is an American cellist, singer-songwriter, and composer known for his political activism.
 His music incorporates banjo, guitar, and mandolin along with percussion and unusual cello techniques.
 His songs exhibit a mix of folk, bluegrass, jazz, and R&B elements.
 Sollee has also composed longer instrumental pieces for dance ensembles and for film.
Claus Adam (November 5, 1917 – July 4, 1983) was an influential American cellist and cello teacher as well as a composer.
 His music teachers include Emanuel Feuermann (cello), Stefan Wolpe (composition), and Leon Barzin (conducting) He served as the second cellist of the Juilliard String Quartet, replacing Arthur Winograd in 1955.
 Joel Krosnick, a former student of his, replaced him as cellist of the quartet in 1974.
 He devoted the last decade of his life primarily to musical composition, and several of his works—including a cello concerto and a string trio—are published by G. Schirmer.
Frederick Katz (February 25, 1919 – September 7, 2013) was an American cellist and composer.
 He was among the earliest jazz musicians to establish the cello as a viable improvising solo instrument.
 Katz has been described in "CODA" magazine as "the first real jazz cellist."
 Cellist Fred Lonberg-Holm (b. 1962), who recorded a 2002 tribute album to the older musician ("A Valentine For Fred Katz", Atavistic Records), praises Katz for introducing his instrument to jazz: "[Katz] managed to find a way to make it swing."
Michael Glen Block (born May 25, 1982) is an American cellist, singer, composer, arranger, and solo artist hailed as "the ideal musician of the twenty-first century" by cultural icon Yo-Yo Ma.
 Mike Block has worked with Yo-Yo Ma, Bobby McFerrin, Lenny Kravitz, Shakira, The National, Joe Zawinul, Alison Krauss, Rachel Barton Pine, Mark O'Connor, and other notable musicians.
 Block currently plays with the Silk Road Ensemble.
 In January, 2014, Block married fiddler and composer Hanneke Cassel.
Frances-Marie Uitti (born 1946) is an American cellist and composer known for her use of extended techniques and performance of contemporary classical music.
 Tom Service, music critic for the "Guardian" newspaper, recently called her "arguably the world's most influentially experimental cellist."
Arthur Russell (born Charles Arthur Russell, Jr.; May 21, 1951 – April 4, 1992) was an American cellist, composer, producer, singer, and musician whose work spanned a disparate range of styles.
 Trained in contemporary experimental composition and Indian classical music, Russell found success in downtown New York's avant-garde and disco scenes in the 1970s and 1980s, during which time he was associated with minimalism and the experimental music venue The Kitchen.
Ennio Bolognini (November 7, 1893—July 31, 1979) was an Argentine-born American cellist, guitarist, composer, conductor, professional boxer, pilot, and flight instructor.
 Though seldom remembered today, during his lifetime his musical virtuosity was widely admired by his contemporaries.
 Pablo Casals praised him as "the greatest cello talent I ever heard in my life", and Gregor Piatigorsky told Christine Walevska's father, "No, I am not the greatest cellist in the world; neither is Feuermann.
 The greatest is the Argentine Bolognini!"
 (A similar quote has been elsewhere misattributed to Emanuel Feuermann)
Diedre Murray (born November 28, 1951, Brooklyn, New York ) is an American cellist and composer specializing in jazz, improvised music, opera, and contemporary classical music.
 She is also active as a producer and curator.
 She lives in Queens, New York.
Dorian Rudnytsky (born July 9, 1944) is an American cellist and composer.
 He was born in New York City to a Ukrainian family.
 His father is composer/conductor Antin Rudnytsky, and his mother is soprano Maria Sokil.
