Tania Pauline Dawson (born 2 January 1993) is a New Zealand actress, singer, teacher, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss New Zealand 2016.
 She represented New Zealand at Miss Universe 2016.
Daniel Gillies (born March 14, 1976) is a Canadian-born New Zealand actor.
 He is best known for his role as Elijah Mikaelson on the television series "The Vampire Diaries" and its spin-off "The Originals", as well as Dr. Joel Goran on the Canadian series "Saving Hope", a medical themed show with a mystical, paranormal twist.
 He wrote and directed the 2012 film "Broken Kingdom".
Travis Larsen (born June 4, 1991 in Nanaimo, British Columbia) is a Canadian-born New Zealand rugby union player for Petrarca Rugby of the National Championship of Excellence.
Lara Custance (born 20 November 1992) is a New Zealand actress who appeared as Abi in the TV series Paradise Café.
 She is best known for her role as Harmony in The Tribe 'sister' series The New Tomorrow in which she acted alongside her brother Rafe Custance.
 She attended Chilton St James School but took time off school to film for "Paradise Cafe", which is currently broadcast in the UK on BBC and New Zealand television channels.
 She has a little sister called Lily who also attends Chilton Saint James School.
 She now attends the University of Auckland where she is studying a BA/BCom conjoint degree.
Susan Brady (born 2 March 1966) is a New Zealand actress who has made several appearances in different shows including "Shortland Street", "Marlin Bay", and "".
 She is also a voice actress, with one of her more notable voice roles being the voice of the Mystic Mother in the 2006 finale of "Power Rangers Mystic Force".
Lorne De Pape (born 18 April 1955 in Saint Boniface, Manitoba) is a Canadian-born New Zealand curler.
 He moved to New Zealand in the 1990s due to his job for Monsanto.
 He competed for New Zealand at the 2006 Winter Olympics despite the country having limited curling resources at the time.
 Before that he had helped found the Auckland Curling Club in 1996 and has won 4 gold medals at the Pacific Curling Championships.
Eleanor Catton MNZM (born 24 September 1985) is a Canadian-born New Zealand author.
 Her second novel, "The Luminaries", won the 2013 Man Booker Prize.
 In January 2015, she created a short-lived media storm in New Zealand when she made comments in an interview in India in which she was critical of "neo-liberal, profit-obsessed, very shallow, very money-hungry politicians who do not care about culture."
Felicity Milovanovich (born 5 July 1992) is a New Zealand actress, DJ and music producer.
 She is best known for her role as Jen in "The Killian Curse", Zora in "The New Tomorrow" and Carmen in "Time Trackers".
 She currently DJs in New Zealand under the name Misfits of Zion.
Amanda Billing (born 12 April 1976 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand actress best known for her role as Doctor Sarah Potts on New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street" .
Anna Helene Paquin ( ; born 24 July 1982) is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress.
 Born in Manitoba and brought up in Wellington, New Zealand, Paquin studied at Hutt Intermediate School and Wellington Girls' College in New Zealand before moving to Los Angeles during her youth where she studied at Windward School and went on to complete a year at Columbia University before leaving post-secondary to focus on her acting career.
 As a child, she beat 5000 candidates for the role of Flora McGrath in Jane Campion's romantic drama film "The Piano" (1993), despite having had little to no acting experience prior to getting the role.
 For her performance, she received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the age of 11, making her the second-youngest Academy Award winner in Oscar history.
