Superior Spider-Man Team-Up was an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in July 2013.
 The series is written by Christopher Yost with artwork by a rotating team of artists including David Lopez, Paolo Rivera, and Marco Checchetto.
 It is meant to serve as a direct successor to "Avenging Spider-Man" and a spiritual successor to "Marvel Team-Up", whose name it plays on.
 It is also meant to act as an expansion of the "Superior Spider-Man" brand by Marvel.
The Alien Costume Saga is a comic book story thread appearing in Marvel Comics comic book series "The Amazing Spider-Man" #252–263, "The Spectacular Spider-Man" #90–100, "Marvel Team-Up" #141–150 & "Web of Spider-Man" #1 from May 1984 to April 1985.
 It features Spider-Man wearing the alien costume he brought home from Battleworld and discovering his new costume is alive.
General Nicholas Joseph "Nick" Fury is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics' Ultimate Marvel section as a different version of Nick Fury or Nick Fury Jr., his son and successor as director of S.H.I.E.L.D. He has a substantial presence in all the Ultimate Marvel comics, appearing first in "Ultimate Marvel Team-Up" and "Ultimate X-Men" and later reappearing regularly in "Ultimate Spider-Man" and finally securing a regular, recurring role as the general of S.H.I.E.L.D. and the leader of the Ultimates, a re-imagining of the Avengers.
 This character was designed to look like Samuel L. Jackson, the actor who later went on to portray Nick Fury in several Marvel movies and television shows set in the established Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Ultimate Iron Man (Antonio "Tony" Stark) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 The character is the Ultimate Marvel version of the fictional superhero Iron Man that first appeared in the fourth issue of "Ultimate Marvel Team-Up", written by Brian Michael Bendis and drawn by Mike Allred.
 He later appeared in the Ultimates and often appears in the same titles they do.
 In the Ultimate Universe, the character is a wealthy business tycoon and inventor who created the Iron Man power armor.
 Like his mainstream counterpart, he has a drinking problem and life-threatening affliction; in this case an inoperable brain tumor.
 With a life expectancy anywhere between six months and five years, he chose to become a philanthropist and superhero.
Spider-Man is a fictional superhero in the Marvel Universe debuting in the anthology comic book series issue "Amazing Fantasy" #15 (August 1962) in the Silver Age of Comics published by Marvel Comics.
 After his debut he would get his own comic book entitled "The Amazing Spider-Man".
 The comic book series would introduce many of what would become his major supervillain adversaries.
 Spider-Man would then be popular enough for more Spider-Man comic spinoffs ("The Spectacular Spider-Man", "Marvel Team-Up", "Web of Spider-Man", "" etc.) which introduced more recurring enemies of the web-slinger.
Arcade is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 He first appeared in 1978's "Marvel Team-Up" (vol.
 1) #65, the creation of writer Chris Claremont and writer/artist John Byrne.
 The character is a combination of evil genius and hitman who carries out his assassinations via various elaborate traps, often referred to as his "Murderworld".
Marvel Team-Up is an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
 The series featured two or more Marvel characters in one story.
 The series was originally published from March 1972 through February 1985, and featured Spider-Man as the lead "team-up" character in all but ten of its 150 issues, and in six of its seven annuals.
 It was the first major ongoing spin-off series for Spider-Man, being preceded only by the short-lived "The Spectacular Spider-Man" magazine.
 Of the issues that did not star Spider-Man, the Human Torch headlines six issues (#18, 23, 26, 29, 32, 35); the Hulk, four (#97, 104, 105, and "Annual" #3); and Aunt May, one (#137).
 Publication of most of the issues starring the Human Torch coincided with that of "Giant-Size Spider-Man", an alternate Spider-Man "team-up"-themed series by the regular "Marvel Team-Up" creative team.
 When cancelled with #150, the title was replaced by "Web of Spider-Man".
Ultimate Marvel Team-Up is a comic book series, published by Marvel Comics which ran for 16 issues, including a concluding "Ultimate Spider-Man Super Special".
 It is set in one of Marvel's shared universes, the Ultimate Universe.
 The whole series starred Spider-Man teaming up with another superhero each issue.
 The series was written by Brian Michael Bendis, with each arc drawn by a different artist.
Magma (Jonathan Darque) is a fictional character, a supervillain from Marvel Comics.
 He first appeared in "Marvel Team-Up" vol.
 1 #110, as an enemy of Spider-Man and Iron Man.
Mockingbird (Barbara "Bobbi" Morse) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
 Mockingbird first appeared in "Astonishing Tales #6" in 1971 as a supporting character and eventual love interest of Ka-Zar.
 She is soon revealed to be a highly trained agent of S.H.I.E.L.D., as well as a Ph.D in biology.
 She first uses the moniker "Mockingbird" in "Marvel Team-Up" #95 (July 1980), and goes on to be a member of several Avengers teams.
