Dori shoes are dance shoes that combine the toe box of a pointe shoe with a dance heel approximately 3 inches ( about 7.5 cm ) in length.
 These allow the dancer to combine steps from multiple dance styles with classical ballet, by switching balance from standing on the heel to standing en pointe, and vice versa.
 In 2007, Dorimar Bonilla, a Las Vegas choreographer and dancer originally from Puerto Rico, first created the shoes.
 They were first used for performance at a cabaret show by "The Coquettes" at CatHouse, inside the Luxor Hotel and casino in Las Vegas.
 They have also been seen in shows such as "Ran Can Can" in Puerto Rico, "Sin City Comedy" in Las Vegas, and "Broadway Bares- Las Vegas", produced by American theater choreographer and director, Jerry Mitchell.
SLS station (originally Sahara) is a station on the Las Vegas Monorail, in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
 The station is a side platform located at the Sahara Hotel and Casino.
 The Sahara Station could be reached in two ways: from inside the hotel via a hallway located behind the Casbar Theatre Lounge (closed on May 16, 2011) or from street level on Paradise Road behind the Sahara.
 The tracks just north of Sahara station were designed to provide access to a possible downtown extension of the monorail via the northern portion of the Las Vegas Strip in the area of the Circus Circus Las Vegas and the Riviera.
El Rancho Vegas was a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
 It was located at 2500 Las Vegas Boulevard, at the southwest corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sahara Avenue, and opened on April 3, 1941.
 Until 1942, it was the largest hotel in Las Vegas with 110 rooms.
 On June 17, 1960, the hotel was destroyed by fire.
 In 1982, the El Rancho Hotel and Casino formerly known as the Thunderbird and later as the Silverbird opened across the street from the former site of the El Rancho Vegas, creating some confusion.
Harrah's & The Linq station (originally Harrah's/Imperial Palace station, and then Harrah's/The Quad station) is a station on the Las Vegas Monorail.
 The station is an island platform located between the Harrah's Las Vegas hotel and The Linq (formerly Imperial Palace and then The Quad Resort and Casino).
 The station is located on the east side of Las Vegas Boulevard between the two hotels.
 The station may be entered through either resort by heading to the back of these properties and following the signs to reach the Monorail station connector.
The SLS Hotel & Casino Las Vegas (formerly Sahara Hotel and Casino) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester, Nevada.
 It is owned by Stockbridge Real Estate but is under contract to be purchased by Alex Meruelo and Meruelo Group (owners of the Grand Sierra Resort Hotel & Casino in Reno) with an expected closing date of Q3 2017.
The Tropicana – Las Vegas Boulevard intersection on the Las Vegas Strip (Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard), is noteworthy for several reasons.
 It was the first intersection in Las Vegas completely closed to street level pedestrian traffic and its four corners are home to four major resorts: Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Tropicana Las Vegas, New York-New York Hotel and Casino and MGM Grand Las Vegas—the latter has 5,044 rooms and was once the largest hotel in the world.
 The resorts at the four corners have a total of 12,536 hotel rooms as of 2016.
Holy Cow!
 Casino and Brewery (formerly Foxy's Firehouse) was a locals casino and microbrewery on South Las Vegas Boulevard, north of the Las Vegas Strip, in Las Vegas, Nevada.
 The property began in 1955 as Foxy's Deli, which operated until its closure in 1975.
 A year later, the building was reopened as a casino named Foxy's Firehouse, which later closed in 1988.
 Tom "Big Dog" Wiesner purchased the building and reopened it as the Holy Cow casino in 1992.
 Wiesner added a microbrewery the following year, making the Holy Cow the first brewery to open in Las Vegas.
 Wiesner persuaded the state to change its laws that had prohibited breweries from operating in Las Vegas.
Corey Sanders has served as Chief Operating Officer of MGM Resorts International since June 2010.
 He oversees operations at the Company’s wholly owned properties, which in Nevada include Bellagio (resort), MGM Grand Las Vegas, Mandalay Bay, The Mirage, New York-New York Hotel and Casino, Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, Luxor Las Vegas, Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Circus Circus Las Vegas, Circus Circus Reno, Gold Strike Jean and Railroad Pass Casino.
 He also oversees Beau Rivage (Mississippi) in Biloxi and Gold Strike Tunica, both in Mississippi, as well as MGM Grand Detroit.
Westgate station is a station on the Las Vegas Monorail.
 The station is an island platform located at the Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino.
 The Westgate Station is located near the main entrance of the property.
 The station can be reached through the SpaceQuest Casino in the front of the hotel.
 It is the only monorail station in Las Vegas that is located in the front of the hotel.
 The monorail station at the Westgate is the shortest distance from a hotel than any other station.
The Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino is a hotel and casino in Winchester, Nevada.
 It is owned by Westgate Resorts and operated by Navegante Group.
 It has 2,956 hotel rooms including 305 suites.
 It opened in 1969 as the International Hotel, and was known for many years as the Las Vegas Hilton, then briefly as the LVH – Las Vegas Hotel and Casino.
 It was renamed the Westgate Las Vegas on July 1, 2014.
