Shakes the Clown is a 1991 American black comedy film directed and written by Bobcat Goldthwait, who performs the title role.
 It also features Julie Brown, Blake Clark, Paul Dooley, Kathy Griffin, Florence Henderson, Tom Kenny, Adam Sandler, Scott Herriott, LaWanda Page, Jack Gallagher, and a cameo by Robin Williams as Mime Jerry (using the pseudonym "Marty Fromage", an homage to an earlier film they worked in together called "Tapeheads" in which Goldthwait used the pseudonym "Jack Cheese").
Mademoiselle Parley Voo is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Estelle Brody, John Stuart and Alf Goddard.
 It was made as a sequel to Elvey's earlier hit "Mademoiselle from Armentieres" (1926), and was equally successful.
 Both films refer to the popular First World War song "Mademoiselle from Armentières".
 It was made at Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush.
Robert Francis "Bobcat" Goldthwait (born May 26, 1962) is an American comedian, filmmaker, actor and voice artist, known for his acerbic black comedy, delivered through an energetic stage persona with an unusual gruff and high-pitched voice.
 He came to prominence with his stand-up specials "An Evening with Bobcat Goldthwait – Share the Warmth" and "Bob Goldthwait – Is He Like That All the Time?"
 and his acting roles, including Zed in the "Police Academy" franchise.
Bobcat Goldthwait's Misfits & Monsters is a 2017 anthology comedy television series created by Bobcat Goldthwait.
Hot to Trot is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Michael Dinner, written by Hugo Gilbert, Stephen Neigher, Charlie Peters and Andy Breckman and stars Bobcat Goldthwait (credited as Bob Goldthwait), Virginia Madsen, Jim Metzler, Dabney Coleman and the voice of John Candy.
 It follows an investment broker who teams with a talking horse who helps him make smart investment tips.
Morgan Murphy (born October 23, 1981) is an American stand-up comic, comedy writer, and actress.
 She has performed in the Comedians of Comedy tour and appeared in the "Comedians of Comedy: Live at the Troubador" DVD.
 Bobcat Goldthwait cast her in the films "Sleeping Dogs Lie" and "World's Greatest Dad".
 She has also been a featured performer for all three years of Aimee Mann's "Christmas Spectacular" tours and appeared in the video for Mann's song "31 Today".
 Morgan has made numerous appearances on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!
", for which she also worked as a writer.
Mr. Wu is a 1919 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Matheson Lang, Roy Royston, Lillah McCarthy and Meggie Albanesi.
 It was based on a 1913 play "Mr. Wu" by Maurice Vernon and Harold Owen.
 During the filming Albanesi became infatuated with Lang.
 The picture was made by Stoll Pictures, and was one of their first major successes.
 Lon Chaney played the title role in a 1927 remake.
 The screenplay concerns a Chinese Mandarin who murders his daughter.
Second Fiddle is a 1957 British comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Adrienne Corri, Thorley Walters, Lisa Gastoni and Richard Wattis.
 The film was produced by Robert Dunbar for Act Films Ltd.
 It was the final film of prolific director Maurice Elvey.
Bobcat's Big Ass Show is an American game show that aired on FX in 1998.
 Hosted by comedian Bobcat Goldthwait and announced by Eric Waddell, the series was based on a concept created by Waddell and packaged by Stone Stanley Productions.
Mademoiselle from Armentieres is a 1926 British World War I silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Estelle Brody, John Stuart and Alf Goddard.
 The film was Elvey's first collaboration with screenwriter Victor Saville.
 It was followed by a 1928 sequel "Mademoiselle Parley Voo".
