Rocky Boy's Indian Reservation is one of seven American Indian reservations in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Established by an act of Congress in 1916, it was originally intended for landless Chippewa (Ojibwe) Indians in the American West, but has grown to include many Cree (Nēhiyaw) and Métis over the years.
 The reservation is located in Hill and Chouteau counties in northeastern Montana, about 40 mi from the Canada–U.S. border.
 It has a total land area of 171.4 sqmi , which includes extensive off-reservation trust lands.
 The reservation is reported to have 6,177 enrolled members.
Stone Child College is an accredited tribal college of the Chippewa-Cree Tribe located in Box Elder, Montana.
 SCC is located on the Rocky Boy Indian Reservation in north central Montana.
 SCC is one of seven Tribal Colleges in Montana.
 In 2008–09, SCC had an enrollment of 511, of whom 98 percent were American Indian descent; 20 percent were bilingual or of limited English proficiency.
 SCC students range in age from 17 to 72, with the average age at 30.
 The college retention rate is 47 percent and the graduation rate is 20 percent.
Imad Fayez Mughniyeh (Arabic: عماد فايز مغنية‎ ‎ ; 7 December 1962 – 12 February 2008), alias al-Hajj Radwan (الحاج رضوان), was a senior member of Lebanon's Islamic Jihad Organization and Hezbollah.
 Information about Mughniyeh is limited, but he is generally understood to have been a principal leader and operative for a number of years within Hezbollah's military, intelligence, and security apparatuses.
 He may also have been among the founders of Hezbollah in the 1980s.
 He has been described as "a sort of 'super chief of staff'" within Hezbollah, who once saw himself as the probable successor to Hassan Nasrallah as the leader of Hezbollah.
Alexander F. Whitney (1873 – 16 July 1949) was an American railway worker who became president of the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen (BRT).
 He was an influential labor leader during the Great Depression and World War II, and in the years immediately following the war.
 He was the principal leader of a two-day railroad strike in May 1946 that paralyzed the nation.
Asiniiwin, translated Rocky Boy or Stone Child was an important Chippewa leader who became the principal leader of the Montana Chippewa-Cree in the late 19th century and early 20th century.
 His advocacy for his people led to the creation of Rocky Boy's Indian Reservation.
Choteau is a city in and the county seat of Teton County, Montana, United States.
 It lies along U.S. Routes 89 and 287 (the latter terminating at the former in this city) about 20 mi east of the Rocky Mountains, near Flathead National Forest, the Rocky Mountain Division of Lewis and Clark National Forest, and Glacier National Park.
 The population was 1,684 at the 2010 census.
 The Montana town is named for French fur-trapper and explorer Pierre Chouteau, Jr., who is also the namesake of Chouteau County, Montana (county seat: Fort Benton).
Comcomly (or Concomly) (1765 – 1830) was a leader of the Native American Chinookan people.
 Referred to as "Chief" or "'King" Comcomly in contemporaneous journals, he was the principal leader of the Chinook Confederacy, which extended along the Columbia River from the Cascade Range to the Pacific Ocean.
Alfred Young Man, Ph.D. or Kiyugimah (Eagle Chief) (born 1948) is a Cree artist, writer, educator, and an enrolled member of the Chippewa-Cree tribe located on the Rocky Boy Indian Reservation, Montana, US.
 His Montana birth certificate lists him as being 13/16th Cree by blood-quantum, but one of his full sisters, Shirley, is listed as 16/16ths.
 He is a former Department Head (2007–2010) of Indian Fine Arts at the First Nations University of Canada in Regina, Saskatchewan and former Chair (1999–2007) of Native American Studies, University of Lethbridge, Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.
 He is Professor Emeritus at the University of Lethbridge and University of Regina.
The Chippewa-Cree Tribe is a federally recognized tribe on the Rocky Boy Reservation in Montana who are descendants of Cree who migrated south from Canada and Chippewa (Ojibwe) who moved west from the Turtle Mountains in North Dakota in the late nineteenth century.
 The two different peoples spoke related but distinct Anishinaabe languages, a branch of Algonquian languages.
Chouteau County is a county located in the North-Central region of the U.S. state of Montana.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 5,813.
 Its county seat is Fort Benton.
 The county was established in 1865 as one of the original nine counties of Montana, and named in 1882 after Pierre Chouteau, Jr., a fur trader who established a trading post that became Fort Benton, which was once an important port on the Missouri River.
