Liberty Square (Russian: Площадь Свободы ) is a park in the Russian city of Tolyatti.
 It is bounded by Liberty Street, Youth Street (on two sides), and Karl Marx Street.
 It is also, by extension, the name used for the neighborhood around the park.
 Monuments of cultural and historical interest in or around Liberty Square include:
The Vamp Building is a historic factory building at 3-15 Liberty Square in downtown Lynn, Massachusetts.
 The eight story brick building was built in 1903 to a design by local architect Henry Warren Rogers, and was extended over the next four years to occupy the entire city block bounded by Washington Street, Union Street, and Liberty Square.
 The "flatiron" V-shape of the building may have been a reason for its name.
 The building served in its early years as a home for all manner of businesses related to the manufacture of shoes.
De Neve Square Park is a quaint urban pocket park located in the neighborhood of Holmby Hills in West Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California.
 It is located at the northern terminus of Mapleton Drive where it meets Saint Pierre Road at Beverly Glen Boulevard, where Holmby Hills borders East Gate Bel Air to the west.
 The trapezoidal (rather than square) park is ringed by mature sycamore trees as well as English-style street lamps from the 1920s (created exclusively for Holmby Hills).
 De Neve Square Park is one of two parks in Holmby Hills (the other being Holmby Park).
July 15th Kızılay National Will Square, originally Kızılay Square (Turkish: "Kızılay Meydanı"), is one of the most important centers and junction points of Ankara, Turkey.
 After the 27 May 1960 coup d'état it was formally renamed as Hürriyet Meydanı (Liberty Square) but the popular use of "Kızılay Meydanı" continued.
 Following the failed coup attempt of 15 July 2016, Ankara Metropolitan Municipality initially decided on 26 July 2016 to rename the square as 15 Temmuz Kızılay Demokrasi Meydanı (July 15th Kızılay Democracy Square), which was later amended as 15 Temmuz Kızılay Milli İrade Meydanı (July 15th Kızılay National Will Square) on 9 August 2016.
Liberty Square is one of six "themed lands" and is exclusive to the Magic Kingdom, a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.
 Themed after colonial America, replicas of both the Liberty Bell and Liberty Tree can be seen here.
 One of the most popular attractions in the Magic Kingdom, the Haunted Mansion, is located in this land.
 Presiding over the square is the Hall of Presidents, an American history show featuring an audio-animatronic figure of every President of the United States.
 Liberty Square has a long waterfront on the Rivers of America and the "Liberty Belle" Riverboat steam paddleboat departs from a landing here.
 The land affords excellent views of the river and Tom Sawyer Island in adjacent Frontierland.
Güvenpark or Güven Park (literally: Trust Park), is an urban public park located adjacent to the Liberty Square in the Kızılay neighborhood of Ankara in Turkey.
 Established in the 1930s as part of the green belts proposed in the urban plan of the rapid growing capital, the park is noted for its "Güven Monument".
 In mid March 2016, a bomb explosion close to it caused the death of more than 30 people while over 100 were injured.
Liberty Square (also Freedom Square) is a public plaza covering over 240,000 square meters in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei, Taiwan.
 It has served as the public gathering place of choice since its completion in the late 1970s.
 The name of the square recalls the important historical role it played in Taiwan's transition from one-party rule to modern democracy in the 1990s.
The National Theater () and National Concert Hall () are twin performing arts venues at Liberty Square in Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan.
 Completed in 1987, the landmarks stand on the south and north sides of the square with Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall to the east.
 Together the venues are referred to by the abbreviation "NTCH".
 The square itself sits near Ketagalan Boulevard, site of the Presidential Office Building, the National Central Library, the National Taiwan Museum, and the 228 Peace Memorial Park.
Passyunk Square is a neighborhood in South Philadelphia bounded by Broad Street to the west, 6th Street to the east, Tasker Street to the south and Washington Avenue to the north.
 Passyunk Square is bordered by the Bella Vista, Hawthorne, Central South Philadelphia, Wharton and Point Breeze neighborhoods.
 The neighborhood got its Lenape name from the 1800s Passyunk Township, Pennsylvania which named Passyunk Square Park, located between 12th, 13th, Reed and Wharton Streets.
 The park was eventually renamed Columbus Square Park, and subsequently the neighborhood became known as Columbus Square.
 Geoff DiMasi revived the Passyunk Square name when forming the Passyunk Square Civic Association in 2003.
The Freedom Square or Liberty Square (Armenian: Ազատության հրապարակ, "Azatut'yan hraparak" ), also known as Opera Square and Theatre Square (Թատերական հրապարակ, "T'aterakan hraparak") until 1991, is a town square located in Kentron (Center) district of Yerevan, Armenia.
 The square is part of the Yerevan Opera Theater complex, located just to the south of the main opera building, between the opera park and the Swan lake.
 Along with the Republic Square, the Freedom Square is one of the two main squares in central Yerevan.
 It is bordered with four streets: Tumanyan Street, Teryan Street, Sayat Nova Avenue and Mashtots Avenue.
 The statues of writer Hovhannes Tumanyan and composer Alexander Spendiaryan are located in the square.
