Bradley Air Services Limited, operating as First Air, is an airline headquartered in Kanata, a suburb of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
 It operates services to 34 communities in Nunavut, Nunavik, and the Northwest Territories.
 The majority of its fleet is available for charters worldwide.
 First Air has assisted in various humanitarian missions such as the 2010 Haiti earthquake, airlifting relief supplies and equipment.
 Its main base, which includes a large hangar, cargo and maintenance facility, is located at Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport, with hubs at Iqaluit Airport, Rankin Inlet Airport and Yellowknife Airport.
The Aircraft Warning Corps (AWC) was a World War II United States Army Air Force organization for Continental United States air defense.
 The corps' information centers networked an area's "Army Radar Stations" which communicated radar tracks by telephone, and the information centers also integrated visual reports processed by Ground Observer Corps filter centers.
 The AWC notified air defense command posts of the First Air Force, Second Air Force, Third Air Force, and Fourth Air Force.
 These command posts would deploy interceptors which used command guidance to achieve ground-controlled interception.
Maj. Gen. George G. Finch became the Senior Leader of the US Air National Guard; (Chief of the Air Division National Guard Bureau) (1948-1950) In June 1953 it was reported that Gen. Mark W. Clark would retire and be replaced by Maj. Gen George G. Finch on the UN command delegation to the Korean armistice talks George G. Finch, born April 11, 1902 in Dade City, Florida, is considered one of the pioneers in United States aviation history.
 He began his military career during World War 1, enlisting in the Aviation Section of the Army's Signal Corps in 1918.
 He remained in the Reserve Corps after the war, and in 1926, became Commander, 27th Pursuit Squadron, 1st Pursuit Group.
 In 1940, Georgia Governor Ed Rivers commissioned him to form the first flying unit of the Georgia Air National Guard.
 The unit was mobilized into the U.S. Army in September, 1941, with Major Finch as commander.
 After World War II, he was a leading critic of efforts to eliminate the air arm of the National Guard during peacetime.
 General Finch gained the respect and admiration of Air National Guardsmen throughout the nation with his steadfast support and successful efforts to preserve the Air Guard.
 He became the first Chief of the Air Force Division of the National Guard Bureau in 1948.
 Under his leadership, the Air National Guard built to combat readiness and was among the first components called into service after the outbreak of the Korean War.
 As a result of General Finch's vision and perseverance, 45,000 highly trained officers and airmen of 22 wings and 65 squadrons gave the Air Force the strength it needed in the early, critical phases of the Communist drive down the Korean peninsula.General Finch served as the senior Air Force member of the United Nations negotiating team at the peace talks at Panmunjom, Korea, and received the Legion of Merit for outstanding service in 1955; General Finch assumed command of Fourteenth Air Force, Robins AFB, Georgia, becoming the nation's first Air National Guardsman to head a numbered air force.
 General Finch had a career of "firsts" including the US Army's first night landing with a single, five-million-candlepower floodlight in 1927.
 He also established and endowed the General John P. McConnell Award at the United States Air Force Academy.
 Considered by many as the father of the strong, independent Air National Guard existing today, General Finch retired in 1957.
 No man has had greater impact on the Air Force Reserve and National Guard than has General George G. Finch.A graduate of the University of Georgia and a member of the Georgia Bar, General Finch was enshrined in the Georgia Aviation Hall of Fame May 18, 1996.
First Air Flight 6560 was a charter flight which crashed near Resolute, Nunavut, Canada, on 20 August 2011.
 Of the 15 people on board, 12 were killed, and three were injured but survived.
 The aircraft involved a First Air passenger-cargo convertible (combi) Boeing 737-200, which was flying within Canada, from Yellowknife Airport, Northwest Territories, to Resolute Bay Airport, Nunavut.
 It crashed approximately 2 km east of the Resolute Bay Airport runway.
Air Vice-Marshal John Nmadu Yisa-Doko, GCON, CFR (born 1942) was Nigerian Air Force's Chief of the Air Staff from 1975 to 1980.
 Air Vice Marshal Yisa-Doko was appointed in July 1975, he was the first Air Vice Marshal and Indigenous Chief of Air Staff of the Nigerian Air Force .
 He retired in April 1980.
Stayce D. Harris is a United States Air Force Lieutenant General.
 She currently serves as the Assistant Vice Chief of Staff and Director, Air Staff, Headquarters, United States Air Force.
 She also serves as Deputy Chairman of the Air Force Council, and is the Air Force accreditation official for the international Corps of Air Attachés. Harris' promotion is a first for African-American females, as she is the first to hold the three-star rank in the Air Force.
 Additionally, she is the first Air Force Reservist to be promoted to the three-star rank other than the Commander, Air Force Reserve Command.
 Prior to her current assignment Harris was Commander, Twenty-Second Air Force.
The following is a list of Australians who have attained air marshal rank within the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF); that is, service personnel who have held the rank of air chief marshal (four-star rank), air marshal (three-star rank) or air vice marshal (two-star rank).
 The Royal Australian Air Force was established in 1921 as a separate branch of the Australian military forces.
 The service was modelled after the Royal Air Force—formed three years earlier—and adopted the same ranking system.
 Richard Williams, regarded as the "father" of the Royal Australian Air Force, was the service's first member to obtain air-officer rank on being promoted to air commodore (one-star rank) in 1927; he went on to become the first air vice marshal (1935) and air marshal (1940).
 In 1965, Sir Frederick Scherger became the first officer to be advanced to air chief marshal, one of only four members of the Royal Australian Air Force to obtain this rank as of June 2014.
 A further nineteen individuals have reached air marshal in the RAAF and 126 air vice marshal; seven officers have retired with the honorary rank of air vice marshal.
Henry Aloysius Petre, DSO, MC (12 June 1884 – 24 April 1962) was an English solicitor who became Australia's first military aviator and a founding member of the Australian Flying Corps, predecessor of the Royal Australian Air Force.
 Born in Essex, he forsook his early legal career to pursue an interest in aviation, building his own aeroplane and gaining employment as a designer and pilot.
 In 1912, he answered the Australian Defence Department's call for pilots to form an aviation school, and was commissioned a lieutenant in the Australian Military Forces.
 The following year, he chose the site of the country's first air base at Point Cook, Victoria, and established its inaugural training institution, the Central Flying School, with Eric Harrison.
The Eyes of Nye is a science program that aired on public television in the United States in 2005 and featured Bill Nye.
 The show was more sophisticated than its predecessor "Bill Nye the Science Guy", as it was aimed more toward adults and teenagers than children.
 All episodes were rated TV-G, except for "Addiction" and "The Evolution of Sex", both rated TV-PG.
 The creation of the show was motivated by the success of the television program "Bill Nye the Science Guy", as well as a widespread contempt among scientists for scientific journalism in the media.
 The program was based in Seattle, Washington, produced by Buena Vista Television and broadcast during primetime by KCTS, the local PBS affiliate.
Air 500 Limited was a Canadian airline.
 Founded in 1985 by Dennis Chadala, former Captain, director of marketing and assistant to Carl Millard, of the defunct Millardair.
 The company commenced operations with 1 Super Beech 18 Model E, registered C-FTAE that was purchased from Bradley First Air where it had retired from flying the dew line in Northern Canada.
 The Beech18 was originally purchased new by Timmins Aviation.
 The founder had extensive knowledge of the emergency freight business and the operation of DC3s, Super DCs and DC4 aircraft due to his position within the inner circle at Millardair.
 Dennis Chadala created Air 500 Limited on a shoe string, without financing and was the first airline to receive licensing and an operating certificate at Toronto's Pearson International Airport following deregulation of the aviation industry in Canada in 1985.
 The airline grew rapidly adding an aircraft at the pace of 1 every six months.
 By 1989 it had acquired almost all of the business flying ad hock charter out of Toronto for Chrysler, Ford, GM and many others formerly serviced by his former place of employment at Millardair.
 The young owner's extensive knowledge of this niche area of aviation enabled him to expand rapidly and capture that market segment.
 At the time, Air 500 was an exceptional success story operating 3 Super Beech 18 aircraft, 2 Cessna 310s, 1 DC3, 1 Super DC(C117), 1 Piper Cheyenne and 1 Mitsubishi MU2 Marquise.
 In the early nineties, the fleet continued to grow adding 2 more Mitsubishi MU2 aircraft, 2 Citation 500 business jets and 1 Citation 2 business jet.
 In 1995 the airport was privatized and came under the direction and control of the GTAA (Greater Toronto Airport Authority) and Dennis Chadala simultaneously acquired Hangar #7, the newest hangar facility at the north end of the Pearson Airport off Derry Road with 40 years remaining on the current land lease.
 Air 500 had contracts in the courier industry, Air Ambulance Services and Aircraft Management as well as a base of operations at the Esso Avitat in Ottawa where 2 Mitsubishi Marquise MU2 aircraft were stationed.
 One was flying an exclusive long term contract for Nordion (formerly Atomic Energy of Canada) flying radio active isotopes to numerous destinations in the United States for medical purposes as a well a designated charter aircraft.
 Hangar #7 was large enough to lease out one half the facility to Air 500 Limited and the other half to Execaire/Innotech Aviation and they remained tenants of the hangar owned by Dennis Chadala until November 1998, at which time Execaire/Innotech owned by the IMP Group out of Halifax Nova Scotia struct a deal with Dennis Chadala to purchase his hangar facility, all his aircraft and the operating airline Air 500 Limited.
 Dennis Chadala stayed on with the company during a short transition period that ended in February 1999.
 Air 500 was amalgamated into Execaire and became part of that operating group taking advantage of the synergies available to them.
