Black 13 is a 1953 British crime drama film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Peter Reynolds, Rona Anderson, Patrick Barr and John Le Mesurier.
 The film is a remake of the 1948 Italian film "Gioventù perduta" (a.k.a. "Lost Youth") by Pietro Germi.
 It was made by Vandyke Productions.
Il rossetto (internationally released as Lipstick) is a 1960 Italian crime-drama film directed by Damiano Damiani.
 It is the feature film debut of Damiani, after two documentaries and several screenplays.
 The film's plot was loosely inspired by actual events.
 Pietro Germi reprised, with very slight modifications, the character he played in "Un maledetto imbroglio".
Cineriz was an Italian media company, involved primarily in the production and distribution of films, founded in the early 50s by the businessman Angelo Rizzoli.
 The company catalogue counts also many movies directed by Federico Fellini, Gillo Pontecorvo, Luchino Visconti, Michelangelo Antonioni, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Pietro Germi, Roberto Rossellini and Vittorio De Sica.
Serafino (also known as "Serafino ou L'amour aux champs" in France) is a 1968 Italian film directed by Pietro Germi.
Commedia all'italiana (i.e. "Comedy in the Italian way"; ] ) or Italian-style comedy is an Italian film genre.
 It is widely considered to have started with Mario Monicelli's "I soliti ignoti" ("Big Deal on Madonna Street") in 1958 and derives its name from the title of Pietro Germi's "Divorzio all'italiana" ("Divorce Italian Style", 1961).
The Testimony (Italian:Il testimone) is 1946 Italian crime film directed by Pietro Germi and starring Roldano Lupi, Marina Berti and Ernesto Almirante.
 The film was made at the Cines Studios in Rome.
 It is one of several films regarded as an antecedent of the later giallo thrillers.
Pietro Germi (] ; 14 September 1914 – 5 December 1974) was an Italian actor, screenwriter, and director.
 Germi was born in Genoa, Liguria, to a lower-middle-class family.
 He was a messenger and briefly attended nautical school before deciding on a career in acting.
Born in Cammarata, Province of Agrigento, Alessi entered the film industry in 1940 as an assistant director.
 In 1945 he started an intense career as a screenwriter, alternating between genre films and art films and collaborating with Pietro Germi, Franco Rossi, Folco Quilici and Luciano Salce, among others.
 He also directed two films in the 1960s.
Divorce Italian Style (Italian: "Divorzio all'italiana" ) is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Pietro Germi.
 The screenplay was written by Ennio De Concini, Pietro Germi, Alfredo Giannetti, and Agenore Incrocci; based on the novel "Un delitto d'onore" ("Honour Killing") by Giovanni Arpino.
 It stars Marcello Mastroianni, Daniela Rocca, Stefania Sandrelli, Lando Buzzanca, and Leopoldo Trieste.
 The movie won the Academy Award for Best Writing, Story and Screenplay - Written Directly for the Screen; Mastroianni was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role (Marcello Mastroianni) and Germi for Best Director.
Path of Hope (Italian: "Il Cammino della speranza" ) is a 1950 Italian language drama film directed by Pietro Germi that belongs to the Italian neorealism film movement.
 It is based on Nino Di Maria's novel "Cuori negli abissi".
 Federico Fellini co-wrote the script.
