Seeing with the Eyes of Love by Eknath Easwaran is a practical commentary on the "The Imitation of Christ", a Christian devotional classic of the early 15th century, believed to be the work of Thomas à Kempis.
 Easwaran's commentary emphasizes how to translate the "Imitation" into daily living with the aid of spiritual practices.
 "Seeing with the Eyes of Love" was originally published in the United States in 1991.
 A German translation was published in 1993, and a second U.S. edition was published in 1996.
 The book has been reviewed in newspapers,
Our Daily Bread Ministries (formerly RBC Ministries) is a Christian organization founded by Dr. Martin De Haan in 1938.
 It is based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, with over 300 employees.
 It produces several devotional publications, including "Our Daily Bread".
 It also produces radio and television programs, and an online university program, Christian University GlobalNet.
 The publishing arm of Our Daily Bread Ministries is called Discovery House.
Weili Dai () is a Chinese-born American businesswoman.
 She is the Director, co-founder and former president of Marvell Technology Group.
 Dai is considered one of the most successful women entrepreneurs, and is the only female co-founder of a major semiconductor company.
 As of 2015, she is listed as the 95th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".
Our Daily Bread is a devotional calendar-style booklet published by Our Daily Bread Ministries (formerly RBC Ministries) in over 55 languages.
The Clear Word, originally published in March 1994 as the "Clear Word Bible", is an English-language "devotional paraphrase of the Bible expanded for clarity".
 It is an interpretive text of the Bible written as a personal devotional exercise by Jack Blanco, former dean of the School of Religion at Southern Adventist University, to be an additional study tool and devotional alongside the Bible.
 Major portions of the translation are material added by the author.
 It is printed in chapter-and-verse format, two columns to a page.
Daily Light on the Daily Path or Daily Light is a Christian daily devotional scripture reading published by Bagster & Sons about 1875.
 It has been reprinted continually since then.
 It consists of brief groupings of scripture passages which speak to prominent Biblical themes—two themes (morning and evening) for each day of the year.
 It appends no commentary, but simply allows scripture to speak for itself.
My Utmost for His Highest is a daily devotional by Oswald Chambers (1874-1917) that compiles his Christian preaching to students and soldiers.
 The book was first published in 1935.
 The copyright was renewed in 1963 by the Oswald Chambers Publications Association, Ltd.
 The "Updated Edition in Today's Language," edited by James Reimann, has appeared in a variety of formats since 1992.
 It relies on the New King James Version of the Bible, and has become a series of Christian devotional journals, calendars, and children's books.
 The title is taken from one of Chambers's sermons, where he says "Shut out every consideration and keep yourself before God for this one thing only- My Utmost for His Highest".
 The book is considered to be one of the most popular religious books ever written, inspiring several people such as author Cal Thomas and President George W. Bush.
Unity, known informally as Unity Church, is a New Thought Christian organization that publishes the "Daily Word" devotional publication.
 It describes itself as a "positive, practical Christianity" which "teach[es] the effective daily application of the principles of Truth taught and exemplified by Jesus Christ" and promotes "a way of life that leads to health, prosperity, happiness, and peace of mind."
The Word For Today (known as The Word For You Today in some countries) is a free, daily devotional written by American Christian pastor Bob Gass and published around the world by United Christian Broadcasters (UCB).
 Over 3.5 million copies are distributed quarterly worldwide.
 Gass said the devotional "is a kick start for cold mornings, when you don't feel like reading your Bible or find it a bit dry, that's when you need a good injection of inspiration.
 That's what I want to provide for our readers, something to focus their minds on God's goodness".
The Daily Word is a daily inspirational message provided by Unity.
 Themes include inner peace, hope, healing, guidance, and others.
 It is distributed via print magazine, website, e-mail and through a mobile app.
