The Return of Jafar (also known as Aladdin 2: The Return of Jafar) is a 1994 direct-to-video sequel to the 1992 animated film "Aladdin", both produced by The Walt Disney Company.
 The film was released on May 20, 1994 and serves as the first episode of the "Aladdin" animated series.
 Culled from material originally intended for the first five episodes of the series, It was the first Disney direct-to-video animated film.
 Another direct-to-video sequel, "Aladdin and the King of Thieves", was released in 1996.
 It marked the first American animated direct-to-video film.
Aladdin Knowledge Systems (formerly NASDAQ: ALDN and ) was a company that produced software for digital rights management and Internet security.
 The company was acquired by Safenet Inc, in 2009.
 Its corporate headquarters are located in Belcamp.
 MD.
Devil's Garden Volcanic Field is a volcanic field located south east of Newberry Caldera in Oregon.
 The lava field consists of several flows of pahoehoe lava that erupted from fissure vents in the northeast part of the Devils Garden.
 The main vent on the north end of the fissure fed two large gutter/tube systems.
 Several small vents to the south produced The Blowouts (two large spatter cones), several small spatter cones, and flows.
 Several older hills and higher areas were completely surrounded by the flows to form kipukas.
 The distal ends of the flows show excellent examples of inflated lava.
"O.G. Original Gangster" is a single from rapper Ice-T's album of the same name.
 The song is produced by DJ Aladdin and features Ice T rapping about his life before he started rapping.
 It features another song from the album, "Mind Over Matter", as its B-side.
 "O.G. Original Gangster" also appeared on the retrospective "".
 "O.G." was also featured in the video game "Def Jam Fight for NY" with Ice-T also featuring in the game as himself.
Aladdin - Jaanbaaz Ek Jalwe Anek is an Indian Hindi-language television series that was aired on Zee TV between 16 November 2007 and 21 March 2009, based on the story of Aladdin, a character from The Arabian Nights.
 The series was produced by "Applause Entertainment", a television production company owned by the Aditya Birla Group Corporation.
 Re-runs of the show broadcasts on BIG Magic since 2017.
In the history of The Walt Disney Company, the Disney Renaissance refers to the era from 1989 to 1999 during which Walt Disney Feature Animation (renamed Walt Disney Animation Studios in 2006) experienced a creative resurgence in producing successful animated films based on well-known stories, which restored public and critical interest in The Walt Disney Company as a whole.
 During this era, the studio produced and released ten animated films: "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "The Rescuers Down Under" (1990), "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), "The Lion King" (1994), "Pocahontas" (1995), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), "Hercules" (1997), "Mulan" (1998) and "Tarzan" (1999).
"Come On Down" is a 2001 single recorded by Crystal Waters, produced by Orlando Ortiz and co-written with Waters and Robert A. Israel.
 The track, her first release for Strictly Rhythm Records, samples the theme song to the American game show "The Price Is Right", whose music was written and produced by Israel for his in-house company Score Productions.
 The show's parent company Pearson Television (now part of FremantleMedia) gave its blessing to let Waters use the theme song, and as such received publishing rights and credits on the song.
 The single also marked the first time that lyrics were added to "The Price Is Right" theme song and the first song based on a television theme song (and the first to come from a game show) to reach number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play Chart the week of December 29, 2001.
Iago is a fictional supporting character in the animated "Aladdin" films and television series produced by The Walt Disney Company.
 He is voiced by Gilbert Gottfried and appeared in the first film as the sidekick to the main villain Jafar, and later becomes one of the protagonists for the rest of the franchise's run.
 The red-plumed talking scarlet macaw is an apparent homage to an identically-named red parrot in the Tintin adventure "The Castafiore Emerald".
"Little Bitty Pretty One" is a rock and roll song written and originally recorded by Bobby Day, and popularized by Thurston Harris in 1957.
 Produced by Aladdin Records (located in Los Angeles, Calif.), and featuring The Sharps on backing vocals, Harris' version reached No. 6 on the U.S. "Billboard" Best-Sellers chart and No. 2 on the R&B chart.
Return of the Funky Man is the second album from hip hop producer and MC Lord Finesse.
 In 1991, Finesse split from his former partner DJ Mike Smooth, and his former record label, Wild Pitch Records, to release his first solo effort.
 "Return of the Funky Man", which featured production from Finesse's D.I.T.C. partners Diamond D and Showbiz, and former Ice-T producers Aladdin and S.L.J. Finesse also produced his first beats on this album and would go on to become one of hip-hop's legendary producers.
 Guest appearances are provided by Percee P and D.I.T.C.'s A.G..
 Finesse was signed to this Warner Bros.
 Records subsidiary because of Ice-T, who enjoyed a very positive relationship with the label, even through the controversy surrounding "Cop Killer," the notorious song by his heavy metal band Body Count.
