Ricciardo Amadino ("fl."
 1572–1621) was a Venetian printer.
 He briefly attempted to publish music on his own in 1579, but was unsuccessful.
 He joined with Giacomo Vincenti, with whom he published over 80 books between 1583 and 1586.
 Many of these were reprints of popular madrigal books, but some were first printings.
 Their partnership ended around 1586, but they continued to work together occasionally.
 After 1586, Amadino's mark was a woodcut of an organ, and he printed primarily music, with a few theoretical treatises, including the first edition of Ercole Bottrigari's "Il desiderio".
 He printed editions of such important composers as Luca Marenzio and Claudio Monteverdi, including the celebrated 1609 edition of "L'Orfeo", and in terms of sheer output was one of the foremost Italian music printers.
Giacomo Benvenuti (16 March 1885, Toscolano — 20 January 1943, Barbarano-Salò) was an Italian composer and musicologist.
 He was the son of organist Cristoforo Benvenuti and studied at the Liceo Musicale in Bologna under Luigi Torchi (musicology) and Marco Enrico Bossi (organ).
 In 1919 his collection of songs for voice and piano accompaniment, "Canti a una voce : con accompagnamento di pianoforte", was published in Bologna.
 In 1922 he published a collection of 17th-century art songs entitled "35 Arie di vari autori del secolo XVII".
 Composer Samuel Barber studied the works of Giulio Caccini, Andrea Falconieri, and other early Italian composers under his tutelage in Milan in 1933-1934.
 For the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma he adapted Claudio Monteverdi's "L'Orfeo" for a production which premiered on 27 December 1934.
 The adaptation was later used for the first recording of "L'Orfeo" in 1939, which included a performance by the orchestra of La Scala Milan under conductor Ferrucio Calusio.
Giacomo Badoaro (1602–1654) was a Venetian nobleman and amateur poet.
 He is most famous for writing the libretto for Claudio Monteverdi's opera "Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria" (1640).
 He also provided librettos for the operas "Ulisse errante" by Francesco Sacrati (1644) and "Elena rapita da Teseo" (1653) by Jacopo Melani.
 He was a member of the Venetian intellectual circle, the Accademia degli Incogniti.
Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria (SV 325, "The Return of Ulysses to his Homeland") is an opera consisting of a prologue and five acts (later revised to three), set by Claudio Monteverdi to a libretto by Giacomo Badoaro.
 The opera was first performed at the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo in Venice during the 1639–1640 carnival season.
 The story, taken from the second half of Homer's "Odyssey", tells how constancy and virtue are ultimately rewarded, treachery and deception overcome.
 After his long journey home from the Trojan Wars Ulisse, king of Ithaca, finally returns to his kingdom where he finds that a trio of villainous suitors are importuning his faithful queen, Penelope.
 With the assistance of the gods, his son Telemaco and a staunch friend Eumete, Ulisse vanquishes the suitors and recovers his kingdom.
Sergio Vartolo (Bologna, 1944) is an Italian harpsichordist, organist, musicologist and conductor; in past also active as countertenor.
 In 1996 he was appointed maestro de capella of the Cappella Musicale di San Petronio di Bologna founded in 1436.
 He has an extensive discography, both as a harpsichordist - the complete works of Girolamo Frescobaldi, and as a conductor - particularly works by Giovanni Paolo Colonna and Giacomo Antonio Perti associated with San Petronio, but also operas by Claudio Monteverdi and others.
The Stattkus-Verzeichnis (SV) is a catalogue of the musical compositions of the Italian composer Claudio Monteverdi.
 The catalogue was published in 1985 by Manfred H. Stattkus ("Claudio Monteverdi: Verzeichnis der erhaltenen Werke").
 A free, basic second edition of the catalogue is available online.
These lists show the audio and visual recordings of the opera "L'Orfeo" by Claudio Monteverdi.
 The opera was first performed in Mantua in 1607, at the court of Duke Vincenzo Gonzaga, and is one of the earliest of all operas.
 The first recording of "L'Orfeo" was issued in 1939, a freely adapted version of Monteverdi's music edited by Giacomo Benvenuti, given by the orchestra of La Scala Milan conducted by Ferrucio Calusio.
 In 1949 the Berlin Radio Orchestra under Helmut Koch recorded the complete opera, on long-playing records (LPs).
 The advent of LP recordings was, as Harold Schonberg later wrote, an important factor in the postwar revival of interest in Renaissance and Baroque music, and from the mid-1950s recordings of "L'Orfeo" have been issued on many labels.
 Koch's landmark version was reissued in 1962, when it was compared unfavourably with others that had by then been issued.
 The 1969 recording by Nicholas Harnoncourt and the Vienna Concentus Musicus, using Harnoncourt's edition based on period instruments, was praised for "making Monteverdi's music sound something like the way he imagined".
 In 1981 Siegfried Heinrich, with the Early Music Studio of the Hesse Chamber Orchestra, recorded a version which re-created the original Striggio libretto ending, adding music from Monteverdi's 1616 ballet "Tirsi e Clori" for the Bacchante scenes.
 Among more recent recordings, that of Emmanuelle Haïm has been praised for its dramatic effect.
 The 21st century has seen the issue of an increasing number of recordings on DVD.
Monteverdi is a crater on Mercury.
 It has a diameter of 138 kilometers.
 Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979.
 Monteverdi is named for the Italian composer Claudio Monteverdi, who lived from 1567 to 1643.
John Whenham is an English musicologist and academic who specializes in early Italian baroque music.
 He earned both a Bachelor of Music and a Master of Music from the University of Nottingham, and a Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Oxford.
 He is a leading expert on the life and works of Claudio Monteverdi, and is the author of the books "Duet and Dialogue in the Age of Monteverdi" (Ann Arbor, Michigan: University Microfilms International, 1982) "Monteverdi, 'Orfeo' " (London: Cambridge University Press, 1986), "Monteverdi, Vespers (1610)" (Cambridge University Press, 1997), and "The Cambridge Companion to Monteverdi" (with Richard Wistreich, Cambridge University Press, 2007).
 For five years he was co-editor of the journal "Music & Letters".
 He currently serves on the board of the Birmingham Early Music Festival and is head of the music history department at the University of Birmingham.
Ulysses Awakes "(after Monteverdi)" is a musical composition for solo viola and strings by English composer John Woolrich.
 It is a creative transcription of Ulysses' first aria in act 1, scene 7 of Claudio Monteverdi's opera "Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria".
 Ulysses has been washed up on the coast of Ithaca, his homeland.
