Parshuram Mishra (January 24, 1894 - August 4, 1981) was an Indian botanist, educationist and the first vice chancellor of the Sambalpur University.
 He completed his college studies at the University of Kolkata in 1961 and secured a doctoral degree (PhD) from the University of Leeds, the first person from Odisha to secure a doctoral degree from the university.
 He is a former member of faculty at Leeds during which period he published several botanical articles.
 Returning to India, he became the vice chancellor of Utkal University.
 When the Government of Odisha started Sambalpur University in 1967, Mishra was made the first vice chancellor.
Archibald Johnston (February 1, 1864 – May 30, 1948) was a mechanical engineer who, favored by Bethlehem Iron Company management and senior Bethlehem Steel Company president Charles M. Schwab, became president of Bethlehem Steel Company.
 He was subsequently appointed as first vice president of the Bethlehem Steel Corporation in charge of foreign sales.
 While first vice president, he led a municipal consolidation campaign to create the modern city of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania from the boroughs of Bethlehem and South Bethlehem.
 As the first mayor of the newly incorporated city, he presided over the construction of the Hill to Hill Bridge as chairman of the Bethlehem Bridge Commission, significantly enlarged the city's area, extended paved streets, water mains, and municipal sewerage, and provided the city's first municipal park.
Ali Osman Mohammed Taha (Arabic: علي عثمان محمد طه‎ ‎ , also transliterated "Othman" or "Uthman") is a Sudanese politician who was First Vice President of Sudan from July 2011 to December 2013.
 Previously he was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1995 to 1998, First Vice President from 1998 to August 2005, and Second Vice President from August 2005 to July 2011.
 He is a member of the National Congress Party.
The Vice President of Panama is the second-highest political position in the Government of Panama.
 Since 2009, the position of Vice President has been held by only one person.
 Previously, there were positions of First Vice President and Second Vice President, also known as First Designate to Presidency ("Primer Designado a la Presidencia") and Second Designate ("Segundo Designado a la Presidencia").
 According to the current constitution, Vice Presidents are elected in the same ticket as the President.
 However, the position of Second Vice President has been abolished since 2009.
Miguel Mario Díaz-Canel Bermúdez (born 20 April 1960) is a Cuban politician who has been First Vice President of the Council of State of Cuba and Council of Ministers since 2013.
 He has been a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Cuba since 2003, and he served as Minister of Higher Education from 2009 to 2012; he was promoted to the post of Vice President of the Council of Ministers in 2012.
 A year later, on 24 February 2013, he was elected as First Vice President of the Council of State.
The Council of State (Spanish: "Consejo de Estado" ) of Cuba is a 31-member body of the government of Cuba, elected by the National Assembly of People's Power.
 It has the authority to exercise most legislative power between sessions of the National Assembly of People’s Power, subject to its approval, and to call the National Assembly of People’s Power into session between its scheduled twice yearly sessions.
 The membership consists of a President, a Secretary, a First Vice President, five Vice Presidents, and 27 additional members.
 The President, the Secretary, the First Vice President, and the five Vice Presidents are also members of the Council of Ministers.
The Vice President of Afghanistan is the second highest political position obtainable in Afghanistan.
 Vice Presidents are currently elected on the same ticket as the President.
 A Presidential candidate nominates two candidates for Vice President before the election.
 The current Vice Presidents are Abdul Rashid Dostum (First Vice President) and Sarwar Danish (Second Vice President).
Syeda Nain Fatima Abidi (born 23 May 1985 in Karachi; Urdu: ) is an international cricketer from Pakistan.
 She is a right-handed batsman with good footwork and can bowl too.
 Abidi holds the all-time record of being first Pakistani player to score a century in women’s one-day internationals.
 Abidi is a Syed.
 Abidi was vice captain of the Pakistan women cricket team and is vice captain of her club Ztbl from 2008.
Broome Eric Pinniger (December 28, 1902 – December 30, 1996) was an Indian field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and 1932 Summer Olympics.
 In 1928 he was vice captain of the Indian field hockey team, which won the gold medal.
 He played five matches as halfback and scored one goal.
 Four years later he was again vice captain of the Indian field hockey team, which won the gold medal.
 He played two matches as halfback.
 He was born in Saharanpur, India.
 He studied at Oak Grove School, Mussoorie.
The President of the Parliament of Sint Maarten (Dutch: "Voorzitter van Staten van Sint Maarten" ) is the presiding officer of the Parliament of Sint Maarten.
 According to Article 56 of the Constitution of Sint Maarten he or she presides over the sittings of the House and enforces the rules prescribed in the Rules of Order of Parliament for the orderly conduct of parliamentary business.
 The President is supported in his or her duties by a team of Vice Presidents, divided into a First Vice President, Second Vice President, which also are members of the House.
 In the event that the President is unable to lead a meeting the meeting is chaired by the First Vice President.
