Secondary education covers two phases on the International Standard Classification of Education scale.
 Level 2 or lower secondary education (less common junior secondary education) is considered the second and final phase of basic education, and level 3 (upper) secondary education is the stage before tertiary education.
 Every country aims to provide basic education, but the systems and terminology remain unique to them.
 Secondary education typically takes place after six years of primary education and is followed by higher education, vocational education or employment.
 Like primary education, in most countries secondary education is compulsory, at least until the age of 16.
 Children typically enter the lower secondary phase around age 11.
 Compulsory education sometimes extends to age 19.
Pakistan International School (Urdu: ‎ ) are schools based outside of Pakistan which promote the national curriculum.
 These schools fall under the jurisdiction of the Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education and cater mainly to students who are not nationals of the host country such as the children of the staff of international businesses, international organizations, embassies, missions, or missionary programs.
 For overseas Pakistani families, these schools allow continuity in education from Pakistan as most prefer to stay in the same curriculum, especially for older children.
 Pakistan international schools typically use curricula based on the Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education and offer both Urdu language and English language classes.
 Some schools also offer International General Certificate of Secondary Education.
 The first Pakistan international school was opened in Isa Town, Bahrain in 1956 as the Pakistan Urdu School.
Secondary education covers two phases on the ISCED scale.
 Level 2 or lower secondary education is considered the second and final phase of basic education, and level 3 or upper secondary education is the stage before tertiary education.
 Every country aims to provide basic education, but the systems and terminology remain unique to them.
 Secondary education typically takes place after six years of primary education and is followed by higher education, vocational education or employment.
Western-style education was introduced to Bhutan during the reign of Ugyen Wangchuck (1907–26).
 Until the 1950s, the only formal education available to Bhutanese students, except for private schools in Ha and Bumthang, was through Buddhist monasteries.
 In the 1950s, several private secular schools were established without government support, and several others were established in major district towns with government backing.
 By the late 1950s, there were twenty-nine government and thirty private primary schools, but only about 2,500 children were enrolled.
 Secondary education was available only in India.
 Eventually, the private schools were taken under government supervision to raise the quality of education provided.
 Although some primary schools in remote areas had to be closed because of low attendance, the most significant modern developments in education came during the period of the First Development Plan (1961–66), when some 108 schools were operating and 15,000 students were enrolled (see Role of the Government, this ch.)
School of the Air is a generic term for correspondence schools catering for the primary and early secondary education of children in remote and outback Australia where some or all classes were traditionally conducted by radio, although this is now being replaced by internet technology.
 In these areas, the school-age population is too small for a conventional school to be viable.
A secondary school is both an organization that provides secondary education and the building where this takes place.
 Some secondary schools can provide both lower secondary education and (upper) secondary education (levels 2 and 3 of the ISCED scale), but these can also be provided in separate schools, as in the American middle school- high school system.
Education in the British Virgin Islands is largely free and is a requirement for children ages 5 to 17.
 The British Virgin Islands has a total of 15 public primary schools and 4 secondary public schools.
 In addition to the public schools, there are 10 primary private schools and 3 secondary private schools.
 The School year is from September to June.
 The British Virgin Islands is a part of the British Overseas Territories and therefore the educational system is very similar to the traditional learning system in the United Kingdom.
 Primary schools are focused on establishing the basics of an academic curriculum and host students between the ages of 5 to 12.
 After the completion of Primary school, students move on to Secondary school.
 Secondary school is for students between the ages of 13 and 17.
 Following the completion of secondary education, students may write their Caribbean secondary education certificate examination.
 There are approximately 2,700 students who attend primary school for the first 7 years of their required education, however less than 1,800 students successfully finish the following 5 required years of secondary school and complete their certificate exam.
 Tertiary Education is by no means required in the British Virgin Islands.
 Students who chose to continue their education after Secondary Education may move on to an additional 2 years of schooling.
 After 2 years of Tertiary Education is completed, students may take their Caribbean advanced placement examinations.
 Passing the exams entitles students the right to continue their studies even further at the University of the Virgin Island.
 This University is the only tertiary education institution in the British Virgin Islands.
 At the University, students can obtain associate, bachelors, and master's degrees in the departments of business, education, liberal arts and social sciences, or science and mathematic.
The levels of education in Åland are primary, secondary and higher education.
 Education is compulsory between the ages of 6 and 15.
 Compulsory education consists of six years of primary and three years of lower secondary education.
 Upon completion of the third year of lower secondary education students can continue to the upper secondary education which is carried out by the Ålands Gymnasium.
 Higher education is offered at the Åland University of Applied Sciences.
 Education in Åland is administered and regulated by the Ministry of Education and Culture (Swedish: "Undervisnings-och kulturministeriet" ).
A primary school (or elementary school in American English and often in Canadian English) is a school in which children receive primary or elementary education from the age of about five to twelve, coming after preschool and before secondary school.
 (In some countries there is an intermediate stage of middle school between primary and secondary education.)
 In most parts of the world, primary education is the first stage of compulsory education, and is normally available without charge, but may be offered in a fee-paying independent school.
 The term grade school is sometimes used in the US, although this term may refer to both primary education and secondary education.
Education in Antigua and Barbuda is compulsory and free for children between the ages of 5 and 16 years.
 The system of education in Antigua & Barbuda is based on the British educational system.
 The school year begins in September and ends in June of the following year.
 In order to ensure that all costs related to schooling are covered by the government, there is an education levy on all basic wages in Antigua and Barbuda, with the funds used toward such costs as supplies, transportation, and school infrastructure maintenance.
 Primary education begins at the age of five years and normally lasts for seven years.
 Secondary education lasts for five years, with three years of lower secondary, followed by two years of upper secondary.
 In 2001, there were about 13,000 students enrolled at the primary schools and 5,000 students at the secondary schools.
 About 1,000 secondary school age students were enrolled in vocational programs.
 As of 2000 the primary pupil-teacher ratio was an estimated 19 to 1; the ratio for secondary school was about 13:1.
 The government administers the majority of the schools.
 In 2003, estimated spending on education was about 3.8% of the GDP.
 In 2000, about 38% of primary school students were enrolled in private schools.
