In Norse mythology, Andlang (also Andlàngr or Öndlangr) is described as the second heavenly realm which stretches between the first, containing the halls of the gods, and the third, named Vídbláin.
 In all there are nine heavens according to Snorri.
 Andlang will serve as a shelter and dwelling place for the souls of the dead during and after the destruction of Ragnarök.
Takama-ga-hara (高天原 , the Plain of High Heaven ) is a place in Japanese mythology.
 In Shinto, Takama-ga-hara (or Takama no Hara) is the dwelling place of the kami.
 It is believed to be connected to the Earth by the bridge "Ama-no uki-hashi" (the "Floating Bridge of Heaven").
The designation oldest synagogue in the United Kingdom requires careful definition.
 A number of synagogues that predate the expulsion of the Jews from England have been discovered by archaeologists or by historians in buildings that have been in use for other purposes for many centuries.
 A second set of synagogues post-dates the legal return of Jews to England in the seventeenth century.
 Some synagogues have been destroyed or demolished and rebuilt on the same site, so that, while the site or congregation may be very old, the building may be modern.
 Still other old synagogue buildings exist, but were sold by the congregation and are now used for other purposes, some as churches or mosques, others for everything from residences to school recital halls.
 And some very old synagogues have been in continuous use as synagogues for many centuries.
Château de Druyes is a medieval castle located in Druyes-les-Belles-Fontaines in Yonne,  Bourgogne-Franche-Comté.
 It was built in the 12th century by the Counts of Nevers, and remained in their possession until the 18th century.
 It was as much a noble residence as it was a fortified castle.
 It was a frequented dwelling place of Peter II of Courtenay, the Emperor of Constantinople in the 13th century, and his daughter Matilda, Countess of Nevers, Auxerre and Tonnerre.
In Norse mythology, Víðbláinn is the third heaven in the cosmology of Snorri's "Gylfaginning", located above Andlang and Asgard.
 It will serve as a shelter and dwelling place for the souls of the dead during and after the destruction of Ragnarök.
In zoology, an inquiline (from Latin "inquilinus", "lodger" or "tenant") is an animal that lives commensally in the nest, burrow, or dwelling place of an animal of another species.
 For example, some organisms such as insects may live in the homes of gophers and feed on debris, fungi, roots, etc.
 The most widely distributed types of inquiline are those found in association with the nests of social insects, especially ants and termites – a single colony may support dozens of different inquiline species.
 The distinctions between parasites, social parasites, and inquilines are subtle, and many species may fulfill the criteria for more than one of these, as inquilines do exhibit many of the same characteristics as parasites.
 However, parasites are specifically "not" inquilines, because by definition they have a deleterious effect on the host species, while inquilines do not.
Shamayim (שָׁמַיִם), the Hebrew word for "heaven" (literally "heavens", plural), denotes one component of the three-part cosmos, the other elements being "erets" (the earth) and "sheol" (the underworld).
 "Shamayim" is the dwelling place of God and other heavenly beings, "erets" is the home of the living, and "sheol" is the realm of the dead, including, in post-Hebrew Bible literature (including the Christian New Testament), the abode of the righteous dead.
The designation oldest synagogue in the world requires careful definition.
 Many very old synagogues have been discovered in archaeological digs.
 Some synagogues have been destroyed and rebuilt several times on the same site, so, while the site or congregation may be ancient, the building may be modern.
 Still other very old synagogue buildings exist, but have been used for many centuries as churches, mosques, or for other purposes.
 And some very old synagogues have been in continuous use as synagogues for many centuries.
Flaming Feather is a 1952 Technicolor Western film directed by Ray Enright and starring Sterling Hayden.
 The film was shot on location around Oak Creek Canyon near Sedona, AZ, and at the Montezuma Castle National Monument near Sedona.
 The local Yavapai Indians, who were employed as extras on the production, refused to enter the cliff-dwellings because they represented the "dwelling place of the dead."
 Consequently, production was delayed while a band of Navajos was brought in from a reservation 137 miles away to replace them.
The Tabernacle (Hebrew: מִשְׁכַּן‎ ‎ , "mishkan", "residence" or "dwelling place"), according to the Hebrew Bible, was the portable earthly dwelling place of God amongst the children of Israel from the time of the Exodus from Egypt through the conquering of the land of Canaan.
 Built of woven layers of curtains along with 48 boards clad with polished gold standing like vertical blinds held in place by 5 bars per side with the middle bar shooting through from end to end and furnished with items made from the gold, silver, brass, furs, jewels, and other valuable materials taken out of Egypt at God's orders, and according to specifications revealed by Yahweh (God) to Moses at Mount Sinai, it was transported by the Israelites on their journey through the wilderness and their conquest of the Promised Land.
 Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem superseded it as the dwelling-place of God some 300 years later.
