Nicholas King Nolte (born February 8, 1941) is an American actor and former model.
 He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1991 film "The Prince of Tides".
 He went on to receive Academy Award nominations for "Affliction" (1998) and "Warrior" (2011).
 His other film appearances include "The Deep" (1977), "48 Hrs.
" (1982), "Down and Out in Beverly Hills" (1986), "Another 48 Hrs.
" (1990), "Everybody Wins" (1990), "Cape Fear" (1991), "Lorenzo's Oil" (1992), "The Thin Red Line" (1998), "The Good Thief" (2002), "Hulk" (2003), "Hotel Rwanda" (2004), "Tropic Thunder" (2008), "A Walk in the Woods" (2015) and "The Ridiculous 6" (2015).
 He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Musical or Comedy for his role in the TV series "Graves" (2016–present).
Geoffrey Roy Rush {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor and film producer.
 Rush is the youngest amongst the few people who have won the "Triple Crown of Acting": the Academy Award, the Primetime Emmy Award, and the Tony Award.
 He has won one Academy Award for acting (from four nominations), three British Academy Film Awards (from five nominations), two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. Rush is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.
 He is also the first actor to win the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Critics' Choice Movie Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for a single performance in film for his performance in "Shine" (1996).
Adam Stockhausen is a production designer.
 Stockhausen, along with set decorator Anna Pinnock won the Academy Award for Best Production Design for the 2014 film "The Grand Budapest Hotel".
 Previously he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design for the 2013 film "12 Years a Slave" together with set decorator Alice Baker.
 He is also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design for the 2015 film "Bridge of Spies" along with set decorators Bernhard Henrich and Rena DeAngelo.
The Academy Award for Best Film Editing is one of the annual awards of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS).
 Nominations for this award are closely correlated with the Academy Award for Best Picture.
 For 33 consecutive years, 1981 to 2013, every Best Picture winner had also been nominated for the Film Editing Oscar, and about two thirds of the Best Picture winners have also won for Film Editing.
 Only the principal, "above the line" editor(s) as listed in the film's credits are named on the award; additional editors, supervising editors, etc. are not currently eligible.
 The nominations for this Academy Award are determined by a ballot of the voting members of the Editing Branch of the Academy; there were 220 members of the Editing Branch in 2012.
 The members may vote for up to five of the eligible films in the order of their preference; the five films with the largest vote totals are selected as nominees.
 The Academy Award itself is selected from the nominated films by a subsequent ballot of all active and life members of the Academy.
 This process is essentially the reverse of that of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA); nominations for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing are done by a general ballot of Academy voters, and the winner is selected by members of the editing chapter.
Internationally, "Patema Inverted" and "The Wind Rises" were nominated for the Asia Pacific Screen Award for Best Animated Feature Film.
 "The Wind Rises" was also in competition for the Golden Lion at the 70th Venice International Film Festival.
 "The Wind Rises" won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Animated Film and was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 "The Wind Rises" and "A Letter to Momo" have been nominated for the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature at the 41st Annie Awards.
 "The Wind Rises" has also been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and "Possessions" has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 86th Academy Awards.
Aída Bortnik (7 January 1938 – 27 April 2013) was an Argentine screenwriter, nominated for an Academy Award for her work in the film "La historia oficial" (1985).
 She has the notable distinction of having written the screenplay for both the first Argentine film nominated for an Academy Award ("The Truce", 1974) and the first Argentine film to win an Academy Award ("La historia oficial").
American actor Dustin Hoffman began his career by appearing in an episode of "Naked City" in 1961.
 His first theatrical performance was 1961's "A Cook for Mr. General" as Ridzinski.
 Following several guest appearances on television, he starred in the 1966 play "Eh?
"; his performance garnered him both a Theatre World Award and Drama Desk Award.
 Hoffman made his film debut in 1967 when he appeared in the comedy "The Tiger Makes Out".
 In the same year, his breakthrough role as Benjamin "Ben" Braddock, the title character in Mike Nichols' comedy-drama "The Graduate", led to Hoffman achieving star status and his first Academy Award nomination.
 He then acted in the play "Jimmy Shine" as the eponymous character and the comedy film "Madigan's Millions" (both 1968).
 In 1969, he starred alongside Jon Voight in the Academy Award for Best Picture winner "Midnight Cowboy", which Hoffman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor a second time.
This is a list of Polish Academy Award winners and nominees.
 This list details the performances of Polish actors, actresses, and films that have either been submitted or nominated for, or have won, an Academy Award.
 This list is current as of the 80th Academy Awards ceremony held on February 24, 2008.
 There were 12 Academy Awards given to Polish filmmakers or their work (see Foreign Film category), including two Honorary Academy Awards and a Technical Achievement Award.
 The category of Cinematography has the strongest presence of Polish filmmakers, with two wins (both by Janusz Kamiński) and five other nominations (including two noms for Kamiński).
 As of that, the cinematographer Janusz Kamiński is the most Oscar-awarded Polish filmmaker.
 The second most-awarded Pole was designer Anton Grot, who won one Academy Award and was nominated to the Oscars five times more.
 The director Roman Polanski won an Oscar and was nominated four more times (additionally, "Knife in the Water", film directed and written by him was also nominated).
 The composer Bronislau Kaper was awarded an Oscar and was nominated three times more.
M.I.A is an English recording artist, songwriter, painter and director of Tamil descent.
 Her compositions combine elements of electronic, dance, alternative, hip hop and world music.
 She has been nominated for various awards including Academy Award, MOBO Award, MTV Video Music Award, MTV Europe Music Award, Grammy Award and the prestigious Mercury Prize.
 She is the only artist in history to be nominated for an Academy Award, Grammy Award, Brit Award, Mercury Prize and Alternative Turner Prize, and the first artist of Asian descent to be nominated for an Academy and Grammy Award in the same year.
 Her award-winning career spans 13 years.
 This is the list of awards and nominations received by her.
Killer Films is a New York City-based independent film production company founded by movie producers Christine Vachon and Pamela Koffler in 1995.
 The company has produced a number of the most acclaimed American independent films over the past two decades including "Far From Heaven" (nominated for four Academy Awards), "Boys Don't Cry" (Academy Award winner), "One Hour Photo", "Kids", "Hedwig and the Angry Inch", "Happiness", "Velvet Goldmine", "Safe", "I Shot Andy Warhol", "Swoon", "I'm Not There" (Academy Award nominated), "Kill Your Darlings", "Still Alice" (Academy Award winner) and "Carol" (nominated for six Academy Awards).
 Killer Films executive produced Todd Haynes' five episode HBO miniseries "Mildred Pierce" featuring Kate Winslet and Guy Pearce, which went on to win five Emmys, a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award.
