Atwood Lake is a reservoir located in Tuscarawas and Carroll counties in east central Ohio.
 The lake is formed by Atwood Dam across Indian Fork, a tributary of Conotton Creek .
 The lake is named for the community of Atwood which was purchased, demolished and inundated.
 Evidence of an old rail station and roadbed can also be seen near Dellroy when the lake level is drawn down for winter.
 In addition to the Indian Fork the lake also has coves to the north up Elliott Run, Willow Run and two unnamed streams along Bark Road and Ohio State Route 542.
 The dam was completed in September 1936 at a cost of $1,403,900 by the Muskingum Watershed Conservancy District.
 The operation of the lake and dam, along with the property immediately surrounding the dam site, was transferred to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Huntington District, after the approval of the Flood Control Act of 1939 by Congress.
 The MWCD continues to be responsible for the management of much of the reservoir areas behind the dam, serving as a partner to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for flood reduction.
 In addition to operating a number of recreation facilities, the MWCD cooperates with the Ohio Division of Wildlife for fishing and hunting management.
The White Mountain National Forest (WMNF) is a federally managed forest contained within the White Mountains in the northeastern United States.
 It was established in 1918 as a result of the Weeks Act of 1911; federal acquisition of land had already begun in 1914.
 It has a total area of 750852 acre (1,225 sq mi).
 Most of the WMNF is in New Hampshire; a small part (about 5.65% of the forest) is in the neighboring state of Maine.
 While often casually referred to as a park, this is a National Forest, used not only for hiking, camping, and skiing, but for logging and other limited commercial purposes.
 The WMNF is the only National Forest located in either New Hampshire or Maine.
 Most of the major peaks over 4,000 feet high for peak-bagging in New Hampshire are located in the National Forest.
 Over 100 mi of the Appalachian Trail traverses the White Mountain National Forest.
 In descending order of land area the forest lies in parts of Grafton, Coos, and Carroll counties in New Hampshire, and Oxford County in Maine.
New Hampshire Route 120 is a 26.928 mi secondary north–south state highway in Sullivan and Grafton counties in the upper Connecticut River Valley region of New Hampshire.
 Its southern terminus is at New Hampshire Route 11 and New Hampshire Route 103 in Claremont.
 Its northern terminus is at New Hampshire Route 10 in Hanover.
Woodland Stewards, Inc. is a conservation land trust in the United States whose mission is to assist landowners with land protection efforts.
 When landowners in the Coos, Grafton or Carroll counties of New Hampshire wish to protect their land, Woodland Stewards can accept the land or conservation easement donation.
 These methods guarantee that any protective measures remain in effect forever.
Squam Lake is a lake located in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire, United States, south of the White Mountains, straddling the borders of Grafton, Carroll, and Belknap counties.
 The largest town center on the lake is Holderness.
 The lake is located northwest of much larger Lake Winnipesaukee.
The Claremont–Lebanon Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of four counties – two in New Hampshire and two in Vermont, anchored by the cities of Lebanon, New Hampshire and Claremont, New Hampshire.
 At the 2010 census, the area was defined as two separate Micropolitan Statistical Areas (μSAs), Claremont and Lebanon.
 The Claremont μSA, consisting of Sullivan County, New Hampshire, had a population of 43,742, while the Lebanon μSA, comprising Grafton County, New Hampshire, and Orange and Windsor counties in Vermont, had a population of 174,724.
 In 2013, the two areas were combined to form the Claremont-Lebanon μSA, and in 2015 the estimated population was 216,923.
 The Claremont–Lebanon μSA is the most populous micropolitan area in the United States.
New Hampshire Route 153 is a 50.566 mi secondary north–south highway in Strafford and Carroll counties in eastern New Hampshire.
 The southern terminus is in Farmington at New Hampshire Route 11.
 The northern terminus is in Conway village (town of Conway) at New Hampshire Route 16 and New Hampshire Route 113.
Camp Ossipee is a historic summer camp in Holderness, New Hampshire.
 Located on Porter Road on the shores of Squam Lake, it consists of two adjacent family camps owned by the Porter and Hurd families.
 The older of the two camps was built in 1902, and features an electric railroad to bring supplies to the camp from the road.
The Pratt Family Camps are a related collection of historic summer camps in Moultonborough, New Hampshire.
 The camps consist of three primary camp houses and a collection of outbuildings constructed by the Pratt family over an 85-year period on more than 80 acre of lakefront property on Squam Lake.
Newfound Lake is located in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.
 It is situated in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire, in the towns of Alexandria, Bridgewater, Bristol, and Hebron.
 Its area of 4451 acre places it behind only Lake Winnipesaukee and Squam Lake among lakes located entirely within New Hampshire, and fourth in the state overall, when Umbagog Lake on the Maine border is included.
 Newfound Lake is refreshed twice a year by eight underground springs and has 22 mi of shore line.
 The lake is about 2.5 mi wide and 6 mi long.
 The deepest point is 183 ft .
 Major tributaries include the Fowler River and the Cockermouth River.
 Its outlet is the Newfound River, flowing through Bristol village into the Pemigewasset River.
 The lake volume is 98 billion gallons of water.
