Clintonville is a neighborhood in north-central Columbus, Ohio, United States with around 30,000 residents.
 Clintonville is an informal neighborhood.
 The southern border is loosely defined as the center of the Glen Echo Ravine.
 To the east, either Interstate 71 or the adjacent railroad tracks are commonly accepted.
 The western boundary is the Olentangy River.
 The northern border of Clintonville is the most ambiguous, with definitions anywhere in the 3 mi stretch from Cooke Road to the southern border of Worthington.
 The Clintonville Area Commission boundaries, as established by Columbus City Code, are "bounded on the south by the centerline of the Glen Echo Ravine; on the east by the centerline of the railroad right-of-way immediately east of Indianola Avenue; on the north by the Worthington city limits and on the west by the Olentangy River; each line extended as necessary so as to intersect with adjacent boundaries".
Columbia Road is a street in Washington, D.C., that forks from Connecticut Avenue north of Dupont Circle, and branches north and east through 16th Street to the McMillan Reservoir.
 Along its route, it marks the southern border of the Kalorama Triangle neighborhood, the northern border of the Adams Morgan neighborhood, and is one of the primary thoroughfares in the Columbia Heights neighborhood.
 In Adams Morgan, it is bordered by a great deal of street-level retail, constituting (with 18th Street) the main commercial area within Adams Morgan.
Canada ( ; ] ) is a country in the northern part of North America.
 Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering 9.98 e6km2 , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area.
 Canada's southern border with the United States is the world's longest bi-national land border.
 The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer.
 Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains.
 It is highly urbanized with 82 per cent of the 35.15 million people concentrated in large and medium-sized cities, many near the southern border.
 Its capital is Ottawa, and its largest metropolitan areas are Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver.
Talas Region (Kyrgyz: Талас облусу, "Talas oblusu" Russian: Таласская область) is a region ("oblast") of Kyrgyzstan.
 Its capital is Talas.
 It is bordered on the west and north by Jambyl Region of Kazakhstan, on the east by Chuy Region, on the south by Jalal-Abad Region and on the southwest by a finger of Uzbekistan.
 It is basically a U-shaped valley open to the west.
 The northern border is defined by the Kyrgyz Ala-Too, which also form the southern border of Chuy Region.
 At the eastern end, the Talas Ala-Too Range splits off and marks the southern border.
 The Talas River flows through the center of the valley.
 The main highway (A361) enters from the east over the Ötmök Pass (Can become impassible during winter due to weather) and goes down the valley to Taraz in Kazakhstan.
 Near the mouth of the valley at Kyzyl-Adyr, one road goes north toward Taraz and the other south over the Kara-Buura Pass to Jalal-Abad Province.
 Before independence most trade links were with Taraz.
 The historic Battle of Talas occurred here.
The term Northern Australia includes Queensland and the Northern Territory (NT).
 The part of Western Australia (WA) north of latitude 26° south—a definition widely used in law and State government policy—is also usually included.
 The 26th Parallel also defines the southern border of the NT, whereas much of the southern border of Queensland is defined by 29° south.
Miyako Bay (宮古湾 , Miyako-wan ) is a bay in Iwate Prefecture, in the northern Tōhoku region of northern Japan.
 It is a long and narrow, roughly triangular body of water extending southwest to northeast where it opens to the Pacific Ocean.
 The Omoe Peninsula (重茂半島 , Omoe-hantō ) forms its southern border and Cape Anegasaki (姉ヶ崎 , Anegasaki ) forms its southern border.
 This gives it an area of approximately 24 km2 .
Bruce Silverstein Gallery is a photographic art gallery in the Chelsea section of Manhattan, New York City.
 It was started in 2001 by Bruce Silverstein.
 The gallery is a member of the Association of International Photography Art Dealers.
Loyola-Notre Dame is a neighborhood located in Baltimore, Maryland.
 The neighborhood is named after the two universities that occupy most of the area: Notre Dame of Maryland University and Loyola University Maryland.
 The neighborhood is also home to the Evergreen House owned by Johns Hopkins University.
 The neighborhood covers all the area owned by the two universities and Evergreen House.
 The neighborhood does not cover a uniform area, but does have a relative definition.
 The northern boundary is Homeland Avenue.
 The eastern boundary varies among Millbrook Road, Underwood Road and other small streets.
 The Radnor Village, Thomas Aquinas Hall, and Loyola Public system are also included in the neighborhood despite being separated from the rest of the Loyola campus by the Radnor-Winston and Villages of Homeland neighborhoods.
 The southern border is Cold Spring Lane and the western border is primarily North Charles Street.
 Loyola extends via a pedestrian bridge over North Charles Street along Cold Spring Lane to Stony Run stream.
 The Loyola Fitness and Aquatics center is also across North Charles Street.
 The neighborhood is unique in having a very small permanent population, but housing over 4,000 students.
Gualala (formerly, Guadala, Walhalla, and Wallala) is an unincorporated community in Mendocino County in the U.S. state of California.
 It is located north of The Sea Ranch and south of Point Arena, California.
 Gualala shares its southern border with the southern border of Mendocino County.
 It is located on the Pacific coast at the mouth of the Gualala River, on State Route 1.
 It serves as a commercial center for the surrounding area.
 Gualala was once a logging town, but tourism is now its central economic activity.
Kings Oak is a neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri.
 The neighborhood is named for two of its streets that make up the neighborhood's boundaries.
 "Kings" comes from Kingshighway Blvd., the neighborhood's eastern border and "Oak" comes from Oakland Ave., the neighborhood's northern border.
 The neighborhood has a relatively low population and population density because Saint Louis University High School and the Saint Louis Science Center are located in this very small neighborhood.
 There are also some industrial businesses along Manchester Ave., the neighborhood's southern border.
 This leaves little room for houses, most of which are located on the neighborhood's eastern edge.
