The Seven Messengers (Italian: I sette messaggeri ) is a collection of short stories written by Dino Buzzati and published as a book in 1942.
 It contains nineteen short tales, in which the characters often interact with the presence of the fantastic and/or death, many of which are left unconcluded, leaving the reader in suspense or trying to guess their ending.
 "The Seven Messengers" is also the name of the book's first short story.
Marani Editore is an art book publisher.
 Publish visual artbooks by highly recognized contemporary art critics like Filiberto Menna and Villa on artists like Joseph Beuys, Fabio Mauri, Vector Pisani, Marcel Duchamp, Emilio Vedova, Andy Warhol, Dino Buzzati, Mark Rothko
Il segreto del Bosco Vecchio ("the secret of the Old Woods") is a 1935 novel by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati.
 It tells the story of a general who is about to cut down an old forest for the sake of financial gain, but discovers that the forest is inhabited by invisible spirits.
 Buzzati wrote the novel with inspiration from Arthur Rackham's illustrations for fairy tales and fables.
 He was also inspired by Gustave Doré and the environments of the Dolomites.
Luciano Chailly (born Ferrara, January 19, 1920 – died Milan, December 24, 2002) was an Italian composer and arts administrator of French descent.
 He was the father of harpist Cecilia Chailly, conductor Riccardo Chailly and journalist Floriana Chailly.
 As a composer, Chailly was best known for his operas, many of which were composed to libretti by Dino Buzzati.
Larger than Life (Italian: Il grande ritratto ) is a 1960 novel by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati.
 It tells the story of a scientist who becomes entangled with a large electronic machine in which the woman he loves is reincarnated.
 The book is considered to be the first serious novel of Italian science fiction, with content that goes beyond light entertainment.
 An English translation by Henry Reed was published in 1962.
Bàrnabo delle montagne ("Bàrnabo of the mountains") is a 1933 novel by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati.
 It tells the story of a young forest ranger who belongs to a community which guards a storage with explosives, but is expelled after running away during a robber attack.
 The book was the basis for the 1994 film "Barnabo of the Mountains", directed by Mario Brenta.
The Unnaturals (Italian: "Contronatura" , German: "Schreie in der Nacht" ) is an Italian-West German gothic horror film directed and written by Antonio Margheriti.
 It is loosely based on Dino Buzzati's short story "Eppure bussano alla porta" from the collection "The Seven Messengers".
Sessanta racconti ("sixty stories") is a 1958 short story collection by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati.
 The first 36 stories had been published previously, while the rest were new.
 Subjects covered include the horror and surreality of life in a modern city, the existential aspects of advanced technology, metaphysical ideas as well as fantasy realms.
 The book received the Strega Prize.
Joanna Wajs (born May 20, 1979 in Warsaw) is a Polish writer, literary critic and literary translator.
 She studied Polish and Italian philology at the University of Warsaw.
 Her prose works and poetry have been published in numerous respected literary periodicals in Poland.
 Her poetry has been translated into several languages, including Italian, Slovenian and Hebrew.
 Her first collection of poems, entitled "Sprzedawcy kieszonkowych lusterek" (pocket mirror salesman), was published in 2004 by the publishing house Zielona Sowa in Krakow.
 This collection won a number of prestigious awards, including the Kazimiera Iłłakowiczówna Prize, which is awarded annually to debut poetry collections by Polish authors.
 She translates from Italian into Polish, including works by Oriana Fallaci, Dino Buzzati, Gian Antonio Stella and Valerio Evangelisti.
 She is also the editor of a column on poetry for the daily newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza.
Barnabo of the Mountains (Italian: "Barnabo delle montagne" ) is a 1994 Italian drama film directed by Mario Brenta.
 It is based on Dino Buzzati's novel "Bàrnabo delle montagne".
 It was entered into the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
