The Mosuo Sisters is a 2012 documentary film written and directed by Marlo Poras.
 It chronicles the lives of two sisters, Jua Ma and La Tsuo, who are members of one of the last matriarchal societies, the Mosuo tribe.
 Being an ethnic minority in China, the film explores their journey from working at a bar in Beijing to moving back home to their village in the Himalayas, dealing with the modern world impinging upon the traditional Mosuo culture and way of life.
The Walker Sisters Place was a homestead in the Great Smoky Mountains of Sevier County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.
 The surviving structures— which include the cabin, springhouse, and corn crib— were once part of a farm that belonged to the Walker Sisters— five spinster sisters who became local legends due to their adherence to traditional ways of living.
 The sisters inherited the farm from their father, and after the Great Smoky Mountains National Park was formed in the 1930s, they obtained a lifetime lease.
 The National Park Service gained control of the property in 1964 when the last Walker sister died.
 The surviving structures were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
4th Impact (formerly known as The Cercado Sisters, The Cercados, The Gollayan Sisters, MICA, and 4th Power) is a Filipino girl group composed of sisters Almira, Irene, Mylene, and Celina Cercado.
 The group rose to popularity after competing in the 12th series of "X Factor UK", where they finished in fifth place.
 They are also known for having participated in several Philippine and international talent competitions, including the "World Championships of Performing Arts", where they won in 2006 and 2013, and the South Korean talent search "Superstar K6" in 2014, where they reached eighth place.
 The sisters were originally from Santiago City, Isabela, but are now based in Metro Manila, Philippines.
Marcel Trillat (born 4 April 1940) is a French journalist and documentary filmmaker.
 A communist, he directed many documentaries about the living conditions of workers, women and immigrants in France.
 He also did documentaries about French government's response to the Algerian War and the Gulf War and, more recently, religious cults and public hospitals.
 He co-directed three documentaries with Maurice Failevic, one of which is about the history of communism in France.
 He was a director of France Télévisions, France's public television broadcaster, for five years.
Mary Joseph Rogers (October 27, 1882 – October 9, 1955) was the founder of the Maryknoll Sisters, the first congregation of Catholic women to organize a global mission in the United States.
 Rogers attended Smith College and was inspired in 1904 by graduating Protestant students preparing to leave for missionary work in China.
 After her graduation, she returned to the school and founded a mission club for Catholic students in 1905.
 While organizing the club, she met Father James A. Walsh, director of Boston’s Office for the Propagation of the Faith, later founder of Maryknoll Fathers & Brothers, through whom she was inspired to establish a mission congregation for women.
 Rogers moved to Boston in 1908 to teach at public schools and attend the Boston Normal School.
 The Maryknoll Sisters were founded in 1912.
 By 1955, the Maryknoll Sisters had over 1000 sisters working in some twenty countries.
Philip Davis Guggenheim (born November 3, 1963) is an American film and television director and producer.
 His credits include "NYPD Blue", "ER", "24", "Alias", "The Shield", "Deadwood", and the documentaries "An Inconvenient Truth", "The Road We've Traveled", "Waiting for 'Superman'" and "He Named Me Malala".
 Since 2006, Guggenheim is the only filmmaker to release three different documentaries that were ranked within the top 100 highest-grossing documentaries of all time ("An Inconvenient Truth", "It Might Get Loud", and "Waiting for ′Superman′").
The Clark Sisters are an American gospel vocal group consisting of five sisters: Jacky Clark Chisholm (b. 1948), Denise Clark Bradford (b. 1953), Elbernita "Twinkie" Clark-Terrell (b. 1954), Dorinda Clark-Cole (b. 1957), and Karen Clark Sheard (b. 1960).
 The Clark Sisters are the daughters of gospel musician and choral director Mattie Moss Clark.
 They are credited for helping to bring gospel music to the mainstream and are considered as pioneers of contemporary gospel.
 Their biggest crossover hits include: "Is My Living in Vain?"
, "Hallelujah", "He Gave Me Nothing to Lose", "Endow Me", their hit song "Jesus Is A Love Song", "Pure Gold", "Expect a Miracle", and their largest mainstream crossover gold certified, "You Brought the Sunshine".
 The Clark Sisters have won three Grammy Awards.
 With 16 albums to their credit and millions in sales, the Clark Sisters are the highest-selling female gospel group in history.
Ron Kelly (born June 11, 1929 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter.
 He began his career with the CBC film unit, directing many short and documentary films between 1952 and 1964.
 He traveled to France, Spain and Mexico producing and directing documentaries independently from 1956 to 1958.
 From 1959 to 1962 he studied at Pinewood Studios, England, on a Canadian Arts Council fellowship and while there produced and directed documentaries for the BBC, CBC and National Office of Film, UK.
 In 1967 he co-wrote and directed the feature film Waiting for Caroline, as a commemoration of Canada's centennial year.
 "Waiting for Caroline" was distributed internationally by United Artists, Hollywood.
 In Hollywood in 1968, Kelly directed for Twentieth Century Fox Studios and Disney Studio.
 In 1970 he returned to Canada, writing, directing and producing dramas and documentaries for the NFB and CBC.
 His most recent film is "Victims of Victims" (2004), a documentary exploration of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
Alka Sadat (born 1988) is an Afghan documentary and feature film producer, director and cameraman.
 She became famous with her first 25-minute film "Half Value Life", which highlights social injustice and crime; the film won several awards.
 She is the younger sister of Roya Sadat, the first Afghan woman film producer and director.
 The two sisters have collaborated in many film productions from 2004 and were instrumental in establishing the Roya Film House.
 For her first film she received the Afghan Peace Prize and since then has made many documentaries for which she has won many international awards as a producer, cameraman, and director and also for her work in Television.
 Both had participated in the "Muslim World: A Short-Film Festival", organized at the Los Angeles Film School, where 32 films from Afghanistan were featured.
 In 2013, she coordinated in holding the first Afghanistan International Women's Film Festival.
 Her contribution to film making so far is in 15 documentaries and one short fiction feature film.
Sisters of Wellber (Japanese: ウエルベールの物語 〜Sisters of Wellber〜 , Hepburn: Werubēru no Monogatari ~Sisters of Wellber~ ) is a fantasy anime series animated by Trans Arts (with production assistance by Production I.G).
 Directed by Takayuki Hamana (浜名 孝行 , Hamana Takayuki ) , the director behind the renowned Prince of Tennis TV series and animated movies, "Sisters of Wellber" began airing in Japan on Tokyo MX, Mētele, ABC, and AT-X in April 2007.
