"Disease" was released on September 30, 2002 as the first single from Matchbox Twenty's third album, "More Than You Think You Are".
 It was co-written by Matchbox Twenty lead singer Rob Thomas and The Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger.
 The song peaked at #29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 "Disease" was one of two songs written and presented to Mick Jagger, by Rob Thomas in which Jagger actually gives back the song, saying "it would sound better coming from you".
The Mick Jagger Centre is a performing arts venue in Dartford, Kent, within the grounds of Dartford Grammar School.
 It is named after the Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger, who was a pupil at the school.
 It has two main stages and holds theatre workshops in the summer.
"Joy" was the second track from English singer-songwriter Mick Jagger's fourth solo album, "Goddess in the Doorway" (2001). "
Rolling Stone" called it "a rocking, gospel-tinged collaboration with Bono of U2" - featuring Pete Townshend on guitar.
 "Joy" was one of three tracks from "Goddess in the Doorway" to be featured within Jagger's greatest hits album, "The Very Best of Mick Jagger".
"Lucky in Love" is a song written and performed by English singer-songwriter Mick Jagger released as the second single from his debut album, "She's the Boss", in 1985.
 "Lucky in Love" was the seven track on "She's the Boss" and was one of two tracks from "She's the Boss" included on Jagger's greatest hits album, "The Very Best of Mick Jagger".
"Stray Cat Blues" is the eighth song on the Rolling Stones' album "Beggars Banquet".
 It was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards and produced by Jimmy Miller.
 Miller's production of the song is very representative of his style, featuring a very prominent hi hat beat, droning piano performed by Nicky Hopkins, a mellotron performed by Brian Jones, all electric guitars (including slide) performed by Richards and vocals from Jagger kept even in the mix.
 According to Mick Jagger, the song was inspired by "Heroin" by the Velvet Underground.
 The intro of Stray Cat and Heroin are similar.
"Memo from Turner" is a solo record by Mick Jagger, featuring the slide guitar by Ry Cooder, from the soundtrack of "Performance", in which Jagger played the leading role of Turner, a reclusive rock star.
 It was re-released in October 2007 on a seventeen-song retrospective compilation album "The Very Best of Mick Jagger", making a re-appearance as a Jagger solo effort.
 After its original release in 1970, it had been included on Rolling Stones compilations, such as "" as a track credited to the Jagger/Richards songwriting partnership.
 "Memo from Turner" was ranked #92 in the 100 Greatest Guitar Songs list of "Rolling Stone".
Elizabeth Scarlett "Lizzy" Jagger (born March 2, 1984) is an American-English model and actress.
 Born in New York City, she is the eldest daughter of Mick Jagger and Jerry Hall.
 She is the sister of James Leroy Augustin Jagger (born 1985), Georgia May Ayeesha Jagger (born 1992) and Gabriel Luke Beauregard Jagger (born 1997), and paternal half-sister of Karis Hunt Jagger (born 1970), Jade Sheena Jezebel Jagger (born 1971), Lucas Maurice Morad-Jagger (born 1999), and Deveraux Octavian Basil Jagger (born 2016).
"Oh No, Not You Again" is a song by The Rolling Stones, included on their 2005 hit album "A Bigger Bang".
 The song is listed as the tenth track on the album, and is the latest in a long line of compositions by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards.
 Features Mick Jagger on lead, backing vocals & bass, Keith Richards on lead guitar, Ronnie Wood on rhythm guitars, & Watts on drums.
The songwriting partnership of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, known as Jagger/Richards (and occasionally Richards/Jagger), is a musical collaboration whose output has produced the majority of the catalogue of the Rolling Stones.
 It is one of the most successful songwriting partnerships in history.
 Jagger and Richards adopted the nickname "The Glimmer Twins" after a vacation cruise they took to Brazil in December 1968/January 1969 with their then-girlfriends, Marianne Faithfull and Anita Pallenberg.
 An older English couple on the ship kept asking Richards and Jagger who they were.
 When they refused to reveal their identities, the woman reportedly kept asking, "just give us a glimmer" (as in "give us a hint about who you are"), which amused Jagger and Richards.
 In addition to Jagger and Richards's songwriting partnership, they have also produced or co-produced numerous Rolling Stones albums under the pseudonym The Glimmer Twins, after that experience together.
The Very Best of Mick Jagger is a compilation album that was released worldwide on 1 October 2007 and the following day in the United States on WEA/Rhino Records.
 This 17-track release is the first ever overview of Mick Jagger's solo career.
