Salem Creek (also known as Stone Church Hollow Creek, Seyberts Creek, or Varners Creek) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 It is approximately 4.8 mi long and flows through Salem Township.
 The watershed of the creek has an area of 3.77 sqmi .
 It has no named tributaries, but one unnamed tributary.
 Lee Mountain and Summer Hill are both in the vicinity of the creek.
 It flows through a gorge at one point.
 The creek is in the ridge and valley region and is near the southern terminus of the Wisconsinan glaciation.
 It served as a sluiceway for glacial meltwater during the aforementioned glacial period.
 The creek's discharge is considerably lower than it was during the previous glaciation.
 Rock formations such as the Catskill Formation and the Trimmers Rock Formation occur near it, as does glacial till.
Cow Creek is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 35 mi long, in north central Montana in the United States.
 Cow Creek rises in the southern foothills of the Bear Paw Mountains in western Blaine County and flows east and then south, joining the Missouri approximately 25 mi northeast of Winifred, Montana—or 22 mi upstream from the Fred Robinson Bridge.
 Cow Creek flows down to the Missouri in a canyon that passes through the Missouri Breaks, which are severely eroded badlands that extend out on either side from the Missouri River.
 The floor of Cow Creek canyon provided a pathway of travel from the Montana plains north of the river, down to the Missouri – at the mouth of Cow Creek, Cow Island made fording the Missouri easier – a steep but short trail on the south bank of the Missouri opposite Cow Creek completed this route which led from the northern Montana plains to the central and southern Montana plains.
 This pathway was used by migrating buffalo/bison and nomadic American Natives for centuries.
 During the steamboat era on the Missouri River, when low water prevented riverboats getting up to Fort Benton, the mouth of Cow Creek became a river landing and freighting depot, and it was the start of the Cow Island Trail by which freight was moved on to Fort Benton by going north up Cow Creek and then west.
 In 1877 the Nez Perce Indian Tribe, fleeing to Canada, had several skirmishes along Cow Creek including the "Battle of Cow Island", and several days later at a camp on Cow Creek the Nez Perce, thinking themselves now beyond the reach of the U.S. Army, made the fateful decision to slow down, rather than push on for the Canada–US border.
 Today, modern highways have by passed Cow Creek, and the buffalo and the nomadic Indian are gone.
 Cow Creek is dormant, in one of the most remote spots of the isolated regions of the vast area known as the Montana Missouri Breaks.
The Red Rock River is a roughly 70 mi river in southwestern Montana in the United States.
 Its drainage basin covers over 1548 mi2 .
 Its furthest tributary, Hell Roaring Creek, originates in the Beaverhead National Forest within a few hundred meters of the North American Continental Divide and Montana-Idaho border near Brower's Spring, at an elevation of about 9100 ft .
 Brower's Spring is near the furthest headwaters of the Missouri River, one of the major watercourses of the central United States.
 The drainage flows north and west with its name changing to "Red Rock Creek" into the Red Rock Lakes in the middle of a wide grassy valley; the Red Rock River issues from the west side of Lower Red Rock Lake.
 It flows west, receiving many tributaries such as Peet Creek and Long Creek, widening into the Lima Reservoir and then passing through a canyon, which ends near Lima, Montana.
 From there, it flows northwest through a valley, passing Kidd and Red Rock, and into Clark Canyon Reservoir.
 Under the waters of the lake was once the confluence of the Red Rock and Horse Prairie Creek, forming the Beaverhead River, a tributary of the Jefferson River, in turn a headwater of the Missouri River.
Frenchmans Creek is a 4.4 mi stream in San Mateo County, California.
 Locks Creek is its largest tributary.
Tomichi Creek is a 71.8 mi tributary of the Gunnison River in Gunnison County, Colorado.
 Tomichi Creek originates north and west of Monarch Pass and flows to the southwest along the base of Monarch Mountain.
 Congress Creek drains into Tomichi west of Old Monarch Pass where it flows south toward Sargents.
 Agape Creek flows into Tomichi just north of Sargents where Marshall Creek flows from Marshall Pass.
 Just below Sargents, Long Branch Creek, flowing out of Baldy Lake from the south, enters Tomichi Creek which takes a westward course where Needle Creek Reservoir drains into Tomichi east of Doyleville.
 Hot Springs Reservoir drains down Wanita Canyon flowing into Tomichi Creek just west of Doyleville.
 The Tomichi Valley is a semi-wide valley allowing Tomichi Creek to meander and split into several waterways creating an excellent livestock range and being largely private ranch lands.
 At Parlin, Quartz Creek flows from Pitkin and Ohio into Tomichi Creek.
 Tomichi continues its westward journey, slightly northwest, where the Cochetopa Creek drains into Tomichi at State Highway 114 from the south at the intersection of U.S. Highway 50 and continues west to Gunnison where it enters the Gunnison River.
 A map can be viewed at the BLM Colorado website here.
Lithia Springs Creek (also known as Johnsons Run or Lithia Spring Creek) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
 It is approximately 3.2 mi long and flows through Point Township.
 The watershed of the creek has an area of 8.96 sqmi .
 It has a named tributary known as Johnson Creek.
 Waste of various types is discharged into Lithia Springs Creek from a variety of sources.
 At least one bridge more than 20 ft long crosses the creek.
 The creek is considered to be a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery.
 It is inhabited by wild trout and possibly a few other species of fish.
Frenchmans Creek is a short tributary of the Darling River in west New South Wales, measuring 7.51 km from its source south of Pooncarie, New South Wales at an elevation of 54.4 m to its confluence into the Darling River at an elevation of 48 m .
The Jemez River is a tributary of the Rio Grande in the U.S. state of New Mexico.
 The river is formed by the confluence of the East Fork Jemez River and San Antonio Creek, which drain a number of tributaries in the area of the Jemez Mountains and Santa Fe National Forest.
 The Jemez River is about 50 mi long, or about 80 mi long if its longest headwater tributary, San Antonio Creek, is included.
 The East Fork Jemez River is about 22 mi long.
 Both San Antonio Creek and the East Fork Jemez River flow through intricate meanders along their courses.
 The East Fork Jemez is a National Wild and Scenic River.
The East Branch South Fork Eel River, a tributary of the South Fork Eel River, is formed by the confluence of Cruso Cabin Creek and Elkhorn Creek, in Mendocino County in the U.S. state of California.
 The river is roughly 25 mi long, meandering west to its confluence with the South Fork Eel at Benbow Lake State Recreation Area.
 Major tributaries of the East Branch include Buck Mountain Creek, Squaw Creek, Rays Creek, and Tom Long Creek.
 The river flows west, turns north, and flows west again, through rugged terrain in the Coast Range of California.
 The East Branch is the South Fork Eel's largest tributary.
Locks Creek is a 1.9 mi stream in San Mateo County, California.
 It is the largest tributary of Frenchmans Creek, a larger stream.
