Anxiety is the second studio album by New Zealand recording artist Ladyhawke, released on 25 May 2012 by Modular Recordings.
 It was recorded in early 2011 with long-time collaborator Pascal Gabriel, who co-wrote all tracks on the album.
 "Black White & Blue" was released as the album's lead single on 24 January 2012, followed by "Sunday Drive" on 9 April 2012 and "Blue Eyes" on 16 July 2012.
Modular Presents: Leave Them All Behind 2 is the 2007 double-disc follow-up to Modular Recordings' well-received 2005 dance-rock compilation "".
 Similar to that compilation, Disc 1 is mixed while Disc 2 is unmixed.
Wildflower is the second studio album recorded by Australian electronic music group the Avalanches.
 It was first released for streaming on Apple Music on 1 July 2016, and saw a full release a week later on 8 July.
 It was issued through Modular Recordings, Astralwerks, XL Recordings, and EMI.
 Production of the album was led by Robbie Chater with assistance from Tony Di Blasi and lasted nearly 16 years, commencing shortly after the release of their debut album, "Since I Left You", in November 2000 and not concluding until March 2016.
 The album features multiple guest collaborators providing vocals and live instrumentation across its 21 tracks.
 "Wildflower" also features extensive sampling, especially from 1960s psychedelic music, and relates to the era through themes of counterculture and anti-establishment.
 Chater described the album's structure as a road trip from a hyperrealistic urban environment to somewhere remote and far away while on LSD.
Modular Recordings (known simply as Modular) is an Australian record label founded in 1998 by Steve Pavlovic that is currently owned by Universal Music Australia.
 It has released music from local artists such as Eskimo Joe, Ben Lee, The Avalanches, Wolfmother, Cut Copy, The Bumblebeez, Bag Raiders, Van She, Rocket Science, Ghostwood, The Presets, Pond, and Tame Impala, and local releases of international artists including Dom, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Chromeo, Colder, Klaxons (The EP "Xan Valleys"), Ladyhawke, NYPC, MSTRKRFT, and Softlightes.
El Producto is the debut extended play (EP) by Australian electronic music group The Avalanches.
 It was released on 8 December 1997 via Wondergram Records and distributed by Shock Records.
 "El Producto" was the second release by the group and included their debut single, "Rock City", which had appeared on Trifekta Records two months prior.
 "Rock City" was the only single released from the EP, the band had "started performing widely and attracted a long term recording deal".
 Based on the EP's success, Steve Pavlovic, head of Wondergram Records, signed the group to his new Modular Recordings label in May 1998.
 They also signed with Rex Records for the exclusive United Kingdom four-track EP "Undersea Community", which appeared in March 1999.
 They released their full-length debut album, "Since I Left You", on Modular in November 2000.
Lonerism is the second studio album by the Australian rock band Tame Impala, released on 5 October 2012 by Modular Recordings.
 Like the band's debut studio album, "Innerspeaker" (2010), "Lonerism" was written, recorded, performed, and produced by Kevin Parker, with live member Jay Watson contributing on two tracks.
 Recorded mostly in Perth, Australia, and Paris, France, "Lonerism" builds on the psychedelic sound of its predecessor by featuring fewer guitars and more synthesisers and samples. Parker attempted to incorporate his love for pop music into his songwriting for the record through catchier melodies.
 Many tracks feature ambient sounds recorded by Parker with a dictaphone.
 The album's theme of isolation is reflected in the album cover, featuring an image of a fenced-off Jardin du Luxembourg in Paris.
Different Like You is the fourth full-length album by Australian garage rock band Rocket Science.
 It was produced by guitarist Paul Maybury and recorded at the band's home studio.
 Following their departure from the Modular Recordings label was released on new Australian label - High Spot Recordings - on 26 July 2008.
Modular Presents: Leave Them All Behind is a double disc sampling of some of the big names in 2005 in dance-rock, indie-rock, dance-punk, post-punk and the like.
 Put together by the Australian label Modular Recordings, the compilation has 32 original and remix versions of tracks by artists such as Bloc Party ("Banquet"), Death From Above 1979 ("Romantic Rights"), The Killers ("Mr. Brightside") and Cut Copy ("Bright Neon Payphone").
 Disc 1 is continuously mixed by the Modular DJs, while Disc 2 is unmixed.
The Living End is the debut studio album by Australian punk, rockabilly band The Living End, which was released on 12 October 1998.
 It was recorded at Sing Sing Studios in Melbourne with Lindsay Gravina producing for Modular Recordings.
 The cover art, as described by front man Chris Cheney, is based on a photograph of a World War I all-female bomb factory.
 The album reached No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart and remained in the top 50 for 63 weeks.
Currents is the third studio album by Australian rock band Tame Impala, released on 17 July 2015 by Modular Recordings and Universal Music Australia in Australia, Fiction Records in Europe and Interscope Records in the United States.
 Like the group's previous two albums, "Currents" was written, recorded, performed, and produced by primary member Kevin Parker.
 For the first time, Parker also mixed the music.
 It was also the first time that Parker recorded all instruments by himself; the album featured no other collaborators.
