Tugou (土狗, pinyin: "tǔ gǒu"), literally means Native Dog in Mandarin Chinese, is the general name for several dog breeds originated from China and still abundantly exists across the country today.
 Tugou includes the most popular Chinese dog breed - the Chinese Field Dog (, pinyin: "zhōng huá tián yuán quǎn"), Chinese Chongqing Dog, Xiasi Dog, and several other native dog breeds distributed across China.
 They are roughly 45–50 cm tall at the shoulder.
The Picardy Spaniel is a breed of dog developed in France for use as a gundog.
 It is related to the Blue Picardy Spaniel, and still has many similarities, but the Picardy Spaniel is the older of the two breeds.
 It is thought to be one of the two oldest continental spaniel breeds and was favoured by the French nobility, remaining popular for hunting after the French Revolution due to its weather resistant coat that enabled it to hunt in a variety of conditions and terrain.
 However its popularity waned following the influx of English hunting breeds in the early 20th century.
 Slightly smaller than an English Setter but larger than most of its spaniel cousins, it has no major health issues although as with many breeds with pendulous ears, it can be prone to ear infections.
The American Cocker Spaniel is a breed of sporting dog.
 It is a spaniel type dog that is closely related to the English Cocker Spaniel; the two breeds diverged during the 20th century due to differing breed standards in America and the UK.
 In the United States, the breed is usually called the Cocker Spaniel, while elsewhere in the world, it is called the American Cocker Spaniel in order to differentiate between it and its English cousin, which was already known as "Cocker Spaniel" before the American variety was created.
 The word "cocker" is commonly held to stem from their use to hunt woodcock in England, while "spaniel" is thought to be derived from the type's origins in Spain.
The Dutch Smoushond ("Hollandse Smoushond", "Dutch Ratter") is a small breed of dog, descended from a type of terrier-like dog kept in stables to eliminate rats and mice in Germany and the Netherlands.
 They are considered to be related to the Schnauzer.
 It is very rare and not well-known outside the Netherlands, its country of origin.
Griffon is a type of dog - a collection of breeds that were originally hunting dogs.
 There are three lines of the griffon type recognized by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI): the griffon vendéens, the wirehaired pointers, and the "smousje" (Belgian companion dogs or Dutch Smoushond).
 The griffon type is characterized by rough or wire-hair.
The Sussex Spaniel is a breed of dog developed in Sussex in southern England.
 It is a low, compact spaniel and is similar in appearance to the Clumber Spaniel.
 They can be slow-paced, but can have a clownish and energetic temperament.
 They suffer from health conditions common to spaniels and some large dogs, as well as a specific range of heart conditions and spinal disc herniation.
A breed group is a categorization of related breeds of animal by an overseer organization, used to organize the showing of animals.
 In dogs, kennel clubs define the "Breed Groups" and decide which dog breeds are to be included in each breed group.
 The Fédération Cynologique Internationale breed groups are used to organize dogs for international competition.
 Breed groups often have the names of, and are loosely based on, ancestral dog types of modern dog breeds.
Vulnerable Native Breeds are a group of dog breeds originating in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and identified by The Kennel Club (KC) as having annual registration numbers of 300 puppies or fewer.
 The need for such a list was first identified in June 2003, with research conducted by the KC to identify the extent of the vulnerability and viability of each breed.
 It was a joint project, with the KC working with the British and Irish Native Breeds Trust, later to be known simply as the Native Dog Breeds Trust.
 The breeds on the list have been promoted at events such as Discover Dogs and Crufts, and by asking that owners of these breeds mate their dogs rather than having them spayed.
The Welsh Springer Spaniel is a breed of dog and a member of the spaniel family.
 Thought to be comparable to the old Land Spaniel, they are similar to the English Springer Spaniel and historically have been referred to as both the Welsh Spaniel and the Welsh Cocker Spaniel.
 They were relatively unknown until a succession of victories in dog trials by the breed increased its popularity.
 Following recognition by The Kennel Club in 1902, the breed gained the modern name of Welsh Springer Spaniel.
 The breed's coat only comes in a single colour combination of white with red markings, usually in a piebald pattern.
 Loyal and affectionate, they can become very attached to family members and are wary of strangers.
 Health conditions are limited to those common among many breeds of dog, although they are affected more than average by hip dysplasia and some eye conditions.
 They are a working dog, bred for hunting, and while not as rare as some varieties of spaniel, they are rarer than the more widely known English Springer Spaniel with which they are sometimes confused.
The Toy Trawler Spaniel is an extinct breed of Spaniel which physically was similar to the King Charles Spaniel of the 16th century.
 It is considered to have descended from the original King Charles Spaniel, and the older variety of Sussex Spaniel.
 It was originally used as a sporting dog, but became used as a toy and show dog.
 It was considered to be on the verge of extinction by 1920.
 A preserved specimen is kept in Tring at the Natural History Museum.
