Śivarāma Swami (born 30 March 1949, Budapest, Hungary) is a Vaishnava guru and a religious leader for the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON).
 He is a member of the Governing Body Commission who is responsible for leading ISKCON's mission in Hungary, Romania and Turkey.
 Within ISKCON, Sivarama Swami is also well known for his deep knowledge of Vaishnava literature, and has written several books about Gaudiya Vaishnavism.
 He has been conducting courses at Bhaktivedanta Manor on his own commentaries to Venu Gita in Gaudiya Vaishnava Theology.
Srila Bhakti Ballabh Tirtha Maharaj (13 April 1924 - 20 April 2017) is a disciple of Bhakti Dayita Madhava Goswami Maharaj and an acharya and initiating spiritual master (Sri Guru) in the Gaudiya Math following the philosophy of the Bhakti marg, specifically of Caitanya Mahaprabhu and Gaudiya Vaishnava theology.
 He was the President Acharya of Sree Chaitanya Gaudiya Math, headquartered at Kolkata, West Bengal, India and having more than 22 branches in India.
 He was president of WVA (World Vaishnava Association) and founder of GOKUL( Global organization for KrishnaChaitnaya's Universal Love).
Bhakti Hridaya Bon, also known as Swami Bon (Baharpur, 23 March 1901 - Vrindavan, 7 July 1982) was a disciple of Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Thakura and a guru in the Gaudiya Math following the philosophy of the Bhakti marg, specifically of Caitanya Mahaprabhu and Gaudiya Vaishnava theology.
 At the time of his death, he left behind thousands of Bengali disciples in India.
 His current successor is Gopananda Bon.
Harivamsa Gosvami, a disciple of Gopala Bhatta Goswami, espoused a Vaishnava Theology which created the Radhavallabha Vaishnava sect of Hinduism.
 Also, Harivamsa Goswami is known for his emotional poetry about Radha and Krishna.
 He was born around 1500 in the village of Bad, in Vrindavan.
 He was married at the age of 16 and had three sons.
 He renounced family life at the age of 32 and started for Vrindavana in modern-day Uttar Pradesh.
Ramanand Swami (born "Rama Sharma") to a Brahmin family in Ayodhya in 1738.
 His parents were Ajay Sharma (father) and Sumati (mother).
 He was considered to be the incarnation of Uddhava, a close friend of Krishna.
 Ramanand was the founder and head of the Uddhav Sampraday.
 Ramanand Swami adopted of the Vishishtadvaita doctrine of the Vaishnava which was first propounded by Ramanuja several centuries earlier.
 In his travels to Srirangam in southern India in his early life, Ramanand Swami said that Ramanuja gave him diksha (initiation) in a dream and appointed him in his line as an acharya.
 Ramanand Swami then travelled north to Kathiyavad to spread his philosophy.
 Before dying in 1802, Ramanand Swami passed the reins of the Uddhav Sampraday to Swaminarayan.
Govinda Bhashya is a Gaudiya Vaishnava commentary on Vedanta Sutra.
 It was written in the year 1628 Sakabda (1718 CE) at Galtaji (Galta) near the present city of Jaipur, Rajasthan, by Baladeva Vidyabhushana to defend Gaudiya Vaishnava Theology.
Ravindra Svarupa Dasa (born William H. Deadwyler, III) is a religious studies scholar and a Hare Krishna religious leader.
 He was initiated by A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada in 1971.
 He has been a member of ISKCON's Governing Body Commission since 1987, Chairman of that Commission's North American GBC Continental Committee, is the president of ISKCON of Philadelphia, and an ISKCON Guru.
 He holds an M.A. and Ph.D. in Religion from Temple University and a B.A. in philosophy from the University of Pennsylvania.
 He has written extensively on Vaishnava philosophy and used his education to further the discourse of Gaudiya Vaishnava Theology within the context of ISKCON.
 He is the author of "Encounter with the Lord of the Universe: Collected Essays 1978-1983" (Washington, DC: Gita Nagari Press, 1984).
 He also is featured on Shelter's "Attaining the Supreme," where he gives a lecture on a hidden track.
Madhurakavi Alvar is one of the twelve "azhwar" saints of South India, who are known for their affiliation to Vaishnava tradition of Hinduism.
 The verses of "azhwars" are compiled as "Nalayira Divya Prabandham" and the 108 temples revered are classified as "Divya desam".
 Mathurakavi is considered the sixth in the line of the twelve azhwars.
 He was the disciple of Nammazhwar, considered the greatest among the twelve azhwars and his contributions amount to 11 among the 4000 stanzas in the "Nalayira Divya Prabandam".
 Mathurakavi is believed to have recorded and compiled the works of Nammazhwar namely, "Thiruvaymozhi" (1102 verses).
 One can say that the 11 verses of "Kanninun Siru Thambu" composed be Swami Madhurakavi Alvar can be considered as the key which opened the treasure to the 4000 verses of "Nalayira Divya Prabandham".
 These verses were chanted by Swami Nathamuni 12,000 times to propitiate Swami Nammazhwar and re-obtain the lost Nalayira Divya Prabandham from Swami Nammazhwar.
Suhotra Swami or Suhotra Dasa (born Roger Terrence Crowley, December 11, 1950, Holyoke, Massachusetts – April 8, 2007, Mayapur, India) was a Hindu Vaishnava author, philosopher and a leading guru in the International Society of Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON).
 He was ISKCON's Governing Body Commissioner (GBC), an initiating spiritual master (diksa guru) and a sannyasi in ISKCON.
 He also served as a chairman of the GBC.
 Since joining ISKCON Suhotra Swami has spent much of his time lecturing and teaching in Europe, especially in Germany and Eastern European countries.
 Suhotra Swami authored several books on Gaudiya Vaishnava philosophy and Vedanta.
Kenneth R. Valpey (born December 18, 1950) is a Gaudiya Vaishnava Theologian who studied at Oxford University, St Cross College (1999–2004).
 While there, he conducted his research at the Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies.
 He has a D.Phil.
 from Oxford University, where his dissertation was on Chaitanya Vaishnava murti-seva.
 He is also a member of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness, in which Krishna Ksetra Das (spiritual name given to him by Srila Prabhupada) acts as an initiating spiritual master, or guru.
 He is a professor at Bhaktivedanta College where the central program of study is in Vaishnava Theology.
 There he teaches courses in Vaishnava Vedanta.
 He teaches at The Chinese University of Hong Kong and has a Fellowship at the Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies.
 At present he is working with Ravi M. Gupta on a ‘companion’ to the Bhagavata Purana, and on a translation of a 16th-century Sanskrit Vaisnava ritual texts in corroboration with Dr. Mans Broo (Abo Akademie, Finland).
 Having taught courses in Indian and Asian religions for the year 2006 at the University of Florida, Gainesville, and having taught for the academic year 2007-08 at the Chinese University of Hong Kong in the Department of Cultural and Religious Studies, he continues to teach at Chinese University of Hong Kong each Autumn semester as a visiting scholar.
