The Macomb Daily is a daily newspaper with its headquarters in Clinton Township, Macomb County, Michigan in Metro Detroit.
 It is the only daily newspaper serving Macomb County, making the county the largest in Michigan in terms of population with only one daily newspaper.
 It is owned by the Journal Register Company.
The Salem News (formerly the Salem Evening News) is an American daily newspaper serving southern Essex County, Massachusetts.
 Although the paper is named for the city of Salem, its offices are now in nearby Beverly, Massachusetts.
 The newspaper is published Monday through Saturday afternoons by Eagle-Tribune Publishing Company, a subsidiary of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
The Providence Journal, nicknamed the ProJo, is a daily newspaper serving the metropolitan area of Providence, Rhode Island and is the largest newspaper in Rhode Island.
 The newspaper was first published in 1829 and is the oldest continuously-published daily newspaper in the United States.
 The newspaper has won four Pulitzer Prizes.
The Herald-Times is a daily newspaper serving Bloomington, Indiana and surrounding areas.
 The newspaper won the Blue Ribbon Daily award in 1975, 1984 2007, and 2014, naming it the best daily newspaper in the state of Indiana in those years.
Times Publishing Company is a newspaper and magazine publisher.
 Its flagship publication is the "Tampa Bay Times" (formerly the "St. Petersburg Times"), a daily newspaper serving the Tampa Bay area.
 It also publishes the business magazine "Florida Trend" and the daily newspaper "tbt*".
The Palm Beach Post is an American daily newspaper serving Palm Beach County in South Florida, and the Treasure Coast area.
 As of 2012 it was the 80th largest daily newspaper in the United States and the 7th largest in Florida.
The Washington Daily News is a daily newspaper serving Washington, North Carolina.
 It is the smallest daily newspaper to ever win a Pulitzer Prize gold medal.
The Sandusky Register is a daily newspaper serving Sandusky, Ohio, as well as nearby Port Clinton and the Lake Erie Islands (collectively known regionally as Vacationland).
 It is considered the paper of record for the entire region.
The Erie County Holding Center in Buffalo, New York is a pre-trial, maximum security detention facility that serves Erie County.
 Capable of housing 680 inmates, it is the second largest detention facility in New York State outside of New York City.
 Inmate "Over-flow" is housed at the Holding Center Annex at the Erie County Correctional Facility in Alden, New York.
 The Jail Management Division of the Erie County Sheriff's Office conducts regularly scheduled tours of the facility for high school and college student groups, police academy classes and groups of "At risk" teens.
 According to a professor at University at Buffalo Law School, "Erie County continues to operate the Holding Center with indifference to the basic medical needs of inmates."
The Tyrone Daily Herald is an American daily newspaper serving Tyrone, Pennsylvania, and region – northern Blair County and nearby portions of Centre and Huntingdon Counties.
 The newspaper has been running for years, the latter as a daily.
