The Andes mountains form the most populated region of Colombia and contain the majority of the country's urban centers.
 They were also the location of the most significant pre-Columbian indigenous settlements.
 Beyond the Colombian Massif in the south-western departments of Cauca and Nariño, the Colombian Andes divide into three branches known as "cordilleras" (from the Spanish for "mountain range"): the West Andes run adjacent to the Pacific coast and is home to the city of Cali.
 The Central Andes run up the center of the country between the Cauca and Magdalena river valleys (to the west and east respectively) and includes the cities of Medellín, Manizales and Pereira.
 The East Andes extend northeast towards the Guajira Peninsula, and includes the cities of Bogotá, Bucaramanga and Cúcuta.
Echinopsis pachanoi (syn.
 Trichocereus pachanoi) — known as San Pedro cactus — is a fast-growing columnar cactus native to the Andes Mountains at 2000 – in altitude.
 It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Ecuador and Peru, and it is cultivated in other parts of the world.
 Uses for it include traditional medicine and traditional veterinary medicine, and it is widely grown as an ornamental cactus.
 It has been used for healing and religious divination in the Andes Mountains region for over 3,000 years.
 It is sometimes confused with its close relative "Echinopsis peruviana" (Peruvian torch cactus).
Fernando "Nando" Seler Parrado Dolgay (born 9 December 1949) is one of the sixteen Uruguayan survivors of Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571, which crashed in the Andes mountains on 13 October 1972.
 After spending two months trapped in the mountains with the other crash survivors, he, along with Roberto Canessa, climbed through the Andes mountains over a 10-day period to find help.
 His efforts, supported in various ways by the entire group, have been recognized through books and other media.
 He was portrayed by Ethan Hawke in the 1993 feature film "Alive: Miracle in The Andes".
Vallea stipularis is a species of tree in the Elaeocarpaceae family.
 It is native from the Andes mountains in South America.
Munti Wasi (Ancash Quechua "munti" tree, Quechua "wasi" house, "tree house", also spelled "Monte Huasi") is a 4125 m mountain in the Andes of Peru.
 It is located in the Huánuco Region, Huánuco Province, on the border of the districts of Cayrán and Chaulán.
 It lies northeast of the mountains named Qiwllaqucha and Yawarqucha.
Tillandsia is a genus of around 650 species of evergreen, perennial flowering plants in the family Bromeliaceae, native to the forests, mountains and deserts of Central and South America, the southern United States and the West Indies.
 They have naturally been established in diverse environments such as equatorial tropical rain forests, high elevation Andes mountains, rock dwelling (saxicolous) regions, and Louisiana swamps, such as Spanish Moss ("T. usneoides"), a species that grows atop tree limbs.
 Airplant is a common name for plants in this genus.
 Most "Tillandsia" species are epiphytes – i.e. they normally grow without soil while attached to other plants.
 Some are aerophytes or "air plants", which have no roots and grow on shifting desert soil.
 Generally, the thinner-leafed varieties grow in rainy areas and the thick-leafed varieties in areas more subject to drought.
 Most species absorb moisture and nutrients through the leaves from rain, dew, dust, decaying leaves and insect matter, aided by structures called trichomes.
The name zebrawood is used to describe several tree species and the wood derived from them.
 Zebrawood is characterized by a striped figure that is reminiscent of a zebra.
 The name originally applied to the wood of "Astronium graveolens", a large tree native to Central America.
 In the 20th century, the most important source of zebrawood was "Microberlinia brazzavillensis", a tree native to Central Africa.
 Other sources include Brazilian "Astronium fraxinifolium", African "Brachystegia spiciformis", Pacific "Guettarda speciosa", and Asian "Pistacia integerrima".
Fitzroya is a monotypic genus in the cypress family.
 The single living species, Fitzroya cupressoides, is a tall, long-lived conifer native to the Andes mountains of southern Chile and Argentina, where it is an important member of the Valdivian temperate rain forests. Common names include alerce ("larch" in Spanish), lahuán (Spanish, from the Mapuche Native American name "lawal"), and Patagonian cypress.
 The genus was named in honour of Robert FitzRoy.
The Los Andes Peruvian University (UPLA) (Spanish: "Universidad Peruana Los Andes" ) is an educational institution created on December 30, 1983 (Law Nº 23.757).
 The main campus is situated in Huancayo, Perú.
 It is one of the most prosperous universities in the central region of the country.
 It is named after the Andes mountains, which surround the city of Huancayo.
The Alerce is an Argentine railcar produced by the Emepa Group in Chascomús, Buenos Aires Province.
 s of 2015 , the units are produced for the General Belgrano Railway's narrow gauge network and are currently used on commuter rail services, though a broad gauge variant is currently in the works.
 They are designed to be easily converted into Electric Multiple Units, though thus far only diesel variants have been produced.
 The Alerce's namesake is a type of coniferous tree native to Argentina and Chile.
