The Colomac Mine was a privately owned and operated open pit gold mine located 220 km northwest of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories in Canada .
 The Colomac mine operated between 1990–1992, and 1994–1997.
 It was operated by Neptune Resources Limited that had little success in making a profit during its operation.
 In 1994, the mine had reopened under Royal Oak Mines Inc.
 Both Neptune Resources and Royal Oak Mines where both owned and operated by Peggy Witte.
 Due to low gold prices and high cost of mining, Royal Oak Mines was forced into bankruptcy.
 The Federal Government of Canada became owners of the mine, along with the related environmental issues.
 A major cleanup effort is under way to prevent the mine from polluting the environment, but this might be too late at this stage.
 This mine is now owned and controlled by the Indigenous and Northern Affairs department of the Federal government, while Public Works and Government services is the current contracting authority.
The Type 84 is a Chinese air-dispersed scatterable anti-tank mine, normally deployed by the GBL212 122 mm artillery rocket, or the Type 122-15 ATML rocket for export versions.
 Each rocket can carry six or eight mines and has a range of around six or seven kilometres.
 The rockets are launched from a BM-21 Grad multiple rocket launcher system that can hold up to 24 of the rockets.
 A time fuse on the rocket is set before launch, which activates at a predetermined distance after firing.
 Upon activation, the rocket head bursts, ejecting the mines, which descend with small green parachutes that slow their fall.
 The mine consists of a cylindrical body with three prong legs that form a spike, which pierces the ground and arms.
 If the mine strikes soft ground, the spike is driven into the ground and the mine is held upright.
The Eagle Mine is a small, high-grade nickel and copper mine owned by Lundin Mining Corporation.
 The mine is located on the Yellow Dog Plains in Michigan's Upper Peninsula (U.S.).
 Eagle is the only primary nickel mine in the nation.
 The Mine began production in Fall 2014 and is expected to produce 360 million pounds of nickel, 295 million pounds of copper and small amounts of other metals (platinum, palladium, silver, gold, and cobalt) over its eight-year mine life.
The Ferris-Haggerty Mine Site was one of the richest components of the Grand Encampment Mining District in Carbon County, Wyoming.
 The site was first exploited by Ed Haggerty, a prospector from Whitehaven, England, in 1897 when he established the Rudefeha Mine on a rich deposit of copper ore.
 Haggerty was backed by George Ferris and other investors, of whom all but Ferris dropped out.
 The partners sold an interest to Willis George Emerson, who raised investment funding for improvements to the mine.
 These facilities included a 16 mi aerial tramway from Grand Encampment over the Continental Divide to the in Encampment.
 The mine's assets were eventually acquired by the North American Copper Company for $1 million.
 By 1904 the mine had produced $1.4 million in copper ore, and was sold to the Penn-Wyoming Copper Company.
 However, even with copper prices peaking in 1907, the company had difficulty making a profit from the remote mine site.
 The company was over-capitalized and under-insured and was suffered devastating fires at the mine site in March 1906 and May 1907 which halted production.
 Business disputes and a fall in copper prices prevented re-opening of the mine even after it was rebuilt.
 Machinery was salvaged after a foreclosure in 1913.
 A total of $2 million in copper ore was extracted from the mine during its life.
The Mle 1939 (Model 1939) was a French bouncing anti-personnel mine used at the start of the Second World War, it was developed largely in response to the German S-mine bounding mine.
 It saw very little service before the fall of France.
 The plans escaped to the US via Major Pierre Delalande, a member of the French Corps of Engineers, and were used as the basis for the American M2 bounding mine which saw wider service during the war but was considered largely ineffective.
 The M2 mine was replaced almost immediately afterwards with the M16 bounding mine, an almost exact copy of the German S-mine.
 The French also later produced a copy of the S-mine, the Mle 1951 mine.
Colomac Airport (TC LID: CFY8) , was located near Colomac Mine in the Northwest Territories, Canada where caribou may be found on the runway.
 Prior permission was required to land except in the case of an emergency.
The Mountain Pass Rare Earth Mine is an open-pit mine of rare-earth elements (REEs) on the south flank of the Clark Mountain Range, just north of the unincorporated community of Mountain Pass, California, United States.
 The mine, owned by Molycorp Inc., once supplied most of the world's rare-earth elements.
 Molycorp is in bankruptcy proceedings as of Jan 2016.
The Beaulieu Mine was a post-World War II gold mining operation near Yellowknife, Northwest Territories.
 It entered production in October 1947, but by the end of November only 7 troy ounces (220 g) of rough gold were recovered.
 Additional gold was recovered during 1948, but altogether the mine recovered only 30 troy ounces (930 g) of fine gold.
 The operation folded in chaos and bankruptcy.
The Milford Mine was an underground mine in Wolford Township, Minnesota, United States.
 On February 5, 1924, it was the site of the Milford Mine Disaster, the worst mining accident in Minnesota history, during which it was flooded by water from a nearby lake, killing 41 miners, while only seven men were able to climb to safety.
 Starting in 2010 the site has been under development by Crow Wing County as Milford Mine Memorial Park.
 The property was listed as the Milford Mine Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011 for having state-level significance in the themes of industry and historical archaeology.
 It was nominated for its association with a significant event in Minnesota history, and for potential archaeological resources that could illuminate mining technology, the rise and fall of iron-ore mining on the Cuyuna Range, and the daily lives of its workers.
Copper Falls mine was a set of numerous copper mine shafts and adits south of Eagle Harbor, Michigan.
 The mine was established in 1846.
 The mine is in Eagle Harbor Township, near the Copper Falls water fall on the Owl Creek and the Copper Falls ghost town.
