"Country Girls" is a song written by Troy Seals and Eddie Setser, and recorded by American country music artist John Schneider.
 It was released in December 1984 as the second single from the album "Too Good to Stop Now".
 "Country Girls" was John Schneider's second number one on the country chart.
 The single went to number one for one week, and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the country chart.
Obituary is an American death metal band formed in October 1984 in Tampa, Florida.
 Initially called Executioner, the band changed their name to Xecutioner in 1986 to avoid confusion with the thrash metal band Executioner from Boston, and then changed their name once again to Obituary in 1988.
 The band's current lineup consists of vocalist John Tardy, lead guitarist Kenny Andrews, rhythm guitarist Trevor Peres, bassist Terry Butler, and drummer Donald Tardy.
 Obituary has gone through several lineup changes, with Peres and the Tardy brothers being the only constant members.
 The band was a fundamental act in the development of death metal music, and is one of the most successful death metal bands of all time.
 To date, Obituary has released ten studio albums, and with the exception of their 1997–2003 split, they continue to perform live around the world.
Jean Brown Anderson (1939–1985) was a Canadian dancer, born at Dennyloanhead, Scotland to a musical family.
 Her father John Brown had spent time in the Yukon region of Canada prospecting for gold and played the fiddler.
 Her mother Jean Day was a well-known singer.
 In 1957, Anderson immigrated to Canada with her husband John, settling in the Hamilton and Toronto areas.
 She was an accomplished musician and Scottish Country Dance teacher and practitioner.
 She formed several Scottish Country Dancing groups, leading the Canadian Scottish Country Dance Team and the Anderson Dancers.
 Her groups performed at folk festivals and Highland festivals in the Toronto area as well as Massey Hall with Andy Stewart.
 The group performed with Fiddler's Green at the 1973 Mariposa Folk Festival.
 Anderson was in demand as an instructor and would travel to different regions and clubs to give classes.
 Anderson's siblings Robert Watt Brown and Christine Scott were also active performers of Scottish cultural traditions in Canada.
 Anderson also performed in her native Scotland before moving Canada, appearing at the White Rose Festival in Leeds.
 Her "Bothkinner" dance instructions was published as a leaflet by the Royal Scottish Country Dance Society.
 She died at Toronto East General Hospital on 7 February 1985.
"Backside of Thirty" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist John Conlee.
 It was released in February 1979 as the third single from the album "Rose Colored Glasses".
 "Backside of Thirty" was John Conlee's third country hit and second number one on the country chart.
 The single stayed at number one for a single week and spent a total of eleven weeks on the country chart.
Donald 'DT' Tardy (born January 28, 1970) is the drummer of death metal band Obituary and the brother of John Tardy, who is the lead singer of the band.
 Besides Obituary, they have a band called Tardy Brothers, where, as primary songwriter and engineer, Donald also plays guitar and bass, as well as drums.
 Donald also played drums for Andrew W.K on the album I Get Wet and was Andrew W.K.'s first touring drummer who also assisted with assembling the original Andrew W.K. lineup.
John Tardy (born March 15, 1968) is an American vocalist best known for his work with the death metal band Obituary and Tardy Brothers.
 He is the brother of Donald Tardy who is the drummer of Obituary.
Buddy Brown is a traditional American country music singer-songwriter who was discovered as a YouTube sensation.
 Brown was born on May 12, 1982 to Dan and Cheryl Brown in Madison, Mississippi, a suburb of Jackson.
 When Brown was nine years old, his family decided to relocate to Orlando, Florida for his father’s career.
 In 2005, he graduated from Mississippi State with a degree in Psychology.
 On October 13, 2009, he released a cover of Easton Corbin’s "A Little More Country Than That" that went viral.
 A year later, he opened up for country music legend, John Anderson in Wildwood, FL.
 On July 4, 2012, he released his first album titled Mason Jar.
 His fan base pushed his first full-length CD to No. 34 on the iTunes country chart without a record deal.
 March 11, 2014, he released a self-titled EP, Buddy Brown.
 On October 14, 2014, Buddy released his second EP, Keepin’ It Country.
 This EP reached to No. 12 on the iTunes charts.
 In January 2014, Billboard put Keepin’ It Country on their Heat Seekers Albums list.
 USA Today published a story on Brown, labeling him as a "YouTube Sensation."
 His single "Takin’ You Huntin’" landed him a spot on the front page and an online feature in the Clarion Ledger.
Jacque Alexander Tardy (1767 – June 15, 1827) better known as "Tardy the Pirate", (a.k.a. John Tardy or John Late) was an unsuccessful and atypical pirate who usually poisoned his victims.
Country Music was a bi-monthly magazine on country music founded in New York City in 1972 by John Killion, Russell D. Barnard and Spencer Oettinger.
 It was known for taking an approach to music journalism closer in tone to Rolling Stone with an insistence on high-caliber writing and knowledgability, unlike earlier country fan publications that opted to uncritically publicize artists and their work.
 The magazine became known for informed, sometimes critical articles and reviews and also for its advocacy for the early 1970s "Outlaw" movement and its coverage of traditional country artists of the past.
 In 1978 the three co-founders, known as KBO Publishers, sold the magazine to Candlelite Music, who published it as a bimonthy until 1981 with co-founder Russell Barnard as editor.
 Candlelite sold to another entity, who published only briefly before it went bankrupt.
 In 1983, Barnard re-acquired the "Country Music " name, created Silver Eagle Publishers and resumed publication from Westport, Connecticut as a high-quality bimonthly.
 Barnard sold the publication to Sussex Publications in 1999, who moved offices to Nashville.
 By 2000, Sussex had sold it to American Media, who published until folding it into " Country Weeklyin 2003.
 Its last issue was dated August–September 2003.
 A second American Media publication on country music, "Country Weekly", continued publication after the closure of "Country Music".
"Your Love Amazes Me" is a song written by Amanda Hunt-Taylor and Chuck Jones, and recorded by American country music singer John Berry.
 It was released in January 1994 as the third single from the album "John Berry".
 It is his only Number One single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
 It was also the first of two Number Ones for him on the "RPM" Country Tracks charts.
 A cover version was released in 1996 by pop singer Michael English.
 Andy Childs also recorded it on his 1993 self-titled album and released it as the B-side to his 1993 single "Broken."
