The Helmsley Building is a 35-story building located at 230 Park Avenue between East 45th and East 46th Streets in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, which was built in 1929 as the New York Central Building, and was designed by Warren & Wetmore, the architects of Grand Central Terminal, in the Beaux-Arts style.
 Before the erection of the Pan Am Building – now the MetLife Building – this building stood out over the city's second most prestigious avenue as the tallest structure in the great "Terminal City" complex around Grand Central.
The Waterloo Public Library-East Side Branch is a historic building located in Waterloo, Iowa, United States.
 The public library was established here in 1896.
 It operated out of two rented rooms, one on the east side of the Cedar River and other on the west side.
 The Carnegie Foundation offered a grant of $30,000 to build a new library, but disagreements erupted over whether to place the building on the east side or west side of the river.
 They then agreed to grant $40,000 for a mid-river building, or the same amount for two buildings.
 In the end they agreed to grant the community $24,000 to build this building and a similar amount for the west side branch.
 Waterloo architect John G. Ralston designed both buildings in the Neoclassical style.
 Both were dedicated on February 23, 1906.
 The single-story Bedford stone structure was built over a raised basement.
 It is one of the few stone buildings in Waterloo.
 The building has a central portico with paired Ionic columns.
 It is part of a larger central mass that is oriented from front to back and sits across the lower hipped roof.
"I Am Become Death" is the fourth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and thirty-eighth episode overall.
 It was written by Aron Coleite and directed by David Von Ancken.
 The episode aired on October 6, 2008.
 The title is a reference to a phrase from the "Bhagavad Gita" and was famously quoted by Robert Oppenheimer; "Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."
23 Beekman Place is the address of an apartment building located between East 50th and 51st Streets in the Turtle Bay neighborhood at the far east side of Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
 The building was re-designed by Paul Rudolph, an American architect and one-time dean of Yale University.
 It is one of the last of his projects still standing in the city.
Lenox Hill is a neighborhood on Manhattan's Upper East Side.
 It forms the lower section of the Upper East Side, closest to Midtown.
 The neighborhood ranges from East 60th Street to East 77th Street south to north, by East River to the east, and by Park Avenue to the west.
 A significant portion of the neighborhood lies within the Upper East Side Historic District designated by the New York Landmarks Preservation Commission in 2013 and expanded in 2010.
 The neighborhood is part of Manhattan Community Board 8.
Robert Von Ancken is a prominent New York City real estate appraiser, whose accomplishments include testifying in front of the Supreme Court to deter the construction of a building over Grand Central Terminal and establishing the value of the World Trade Center prior to the terrorist attacks on behalf of the insurance companies.
 Throughout his career he has appraised more than 8,000 properties in and around New York City, including the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, Rockefeller Center and Columbia University.
 He has also been referred to as one of the "nation's busiest experts on air rights", and has spoken and been quoted extensively on the topic.
Lenox Hill Neighborhood House (the “Neighborhood House”) is a multi-service community-based organization that serves people in need on the East Side of Manhattan and on Roosevelt Island.
 Founded in 1894 as a free kindergarten for the children of indigent immigrants and as one of the first settlement houses in the nation, Lenox Hill Neighborhood House is the oldest and largest provider of social, legal and educational services on Manhattan’s Upper East Side.
 Each year, they assist thousands of individuals and families who range in age from 3 to 103, represent dozens of races, ethnicities and countries of origin and "live, work, go to school or access services" on the East Side from 14th Street to 143rd Street and on Roosevelt Island.
 Their clients include indigent families and the working poor who live in the East Side's housing projects and tenements or who travel to the Upper East Side to work in low-wage jobs such as cashiers, housekeepers, nannies and laborers; 10,000 seniors; and hundreds of mentally ill homeless and formerly homeless adults.
 They have five locations between 54th and 102nd Streets, offer programs at dozens of East Side locations; their headquarters is located on East 70th Street.
Madison Square Garden, often called "MSG" or simply "The Garden", is a multi-purpose indoor arena in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
 Located in Midtown Manhattan between 7th and 8th Avenues from 31st to 33rd Streets, it is situated atop Pennsylvania Station.
 It is the fourth venue to bear the name "Madison Square Garden", the first two (1879 and 1890) of which were located on Madison Square, on East 26th Street and Madison Avenue, with the third Madison Square Garden further uptown at Eighth Avenue and 50th Street.
 The Garden is used for professional basketball and ice hockey, as well as boxing, concerts, ice shows, circuses, professional wrestling and other forms of sports and entertainment.
 It is close to other midtown Manhattan landmarks, including the Empire State Building, Koreatown, and Macy's at Herald Square.
 It is home to the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL), the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association (NBA), and since 1997, the New York Liberty (WNBA).
The HSBC Tower is a 30-story office building located at 452 Fifth Avenue overlooking the New York Public Library and Bryant Park, on the southwest corner of 40th Street and Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan.
 The building, completed in 1984, is 400 ft tall and has 30 stories.
 Since April 2010 it is owned by Property & Building Corporation (PBC).
 The firm bought the property from Midtown Equities and Israeli holding company IDB Group for $330 million in a lease-back deal.
 Asking rents at this Class A building are over $100 per square foot, according to the New York Observer, which make it amongst one of 80 buildings in New York City achieving triple digit rents.
The Waterloo Public Library (West Branch) is a historic building located in Waterloo, Iowa, United States.
 The public library was established there in 1896.
 It operated out of two rented rooms, one on the east side of the Cedar River and other on the west side.
 The Carnegie Foundation agreed to grant the community $21,000 to build this building and a similar amount for the east side branch on April 11, 1902.
 Waterloo architect J.G. Ralston designed both buildings in the Neoclassical style.
 They were both dedicated on February 23, 1906.
 The single-story brick structure has a projecting entrance pavilion capped with a triangular pediment that is supported by Ionic columns.
 Also noteworthy are the corner piers that feature bands of brick squares set into the stone.
 In 1977 voters in Waterloo approved a $3,650,000 bond referendum to renovate the city's 1938 post office and federal building to house the library.
 The post office vacated the building in 1979 when it relocated.
 The old library building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 It now houses law offices.
