Perri: The Youth of a Squirrel (German: "Die Jugend des Eichhörnchens Perri") is a 1938 novel by Felix Salten, author of "Bambi, a Life in the Woods", and is a followup to that book.
 Its title character is an Eurasian red squirrel.
 Bambi makes a brief appearance in "Perri".
Djibi, the Kitten (German: "Djibi das Kätzchen" ) is the last novel of Felix Salten, published originally in 1945 and translated into English in 1946.
 Similarly as in other Salten’s late books, the protagonist is an animal, this time a young female cat called Djibi.
The Shaggy Dog is a black-and-white 1959 Walt Disney film about Wilby Daniels, a teenage boy who by the power of an enchanted ring of the Borgias is transformed into the title character, a shaggy Old English Sheepdog.
 The film was based on the story "The Hound of Florence" by Felix Salten.
 It is directed by Charles Barton and stars Fred MacMurray, Tommy Kirk, Jean Hagen, Kevin Corcoran, Tim Considine, Roberta Shore, and Annette Funicello.
 This was Walt Disney's first live-action comedy.
Bambi, a Life in the Woods, originally published in Austria as Bambi: Eine Lebensgeschichte aus dem Walde is a 1923 Austrian novel written by Felix Salten and published by Ullstein Verlag.
 The novel traces the life of Bambi, a male roe deer, from his birth through childhood, the loss of his mother, the finding of a mate, the lessons he learns from his father and experience about the dangers posed by human hunters in the forest.
Renni the Rescuer: A Dog of the Battlefield (German original: "Renni der Retter: Das Leben eines Kriegshundes") is a 1940 war novel by Felix Salten, describing the career of a military working dog called Renni, a German Shepherd dog, and his master, Georg.
The Bambi, often simply called Bambi Awards and stylised as BAMBI, are presented annually by Hubert Burda Media to recognize excellence in international media and television, awarded to personalities in the media, arts, culture, sports and other fields "with vision and creativity who affected and inspired the German public that year," both domestic and foreign.
 First held in 1948, they are the oldest media awards in Germany.
 The award is named after Felix Salten's book "Bambi, A Life in the Woods" and its statuettes are in the shape of the novel's titular fawn character.
 They were originally made of porcelain, until 1958 when the organizers switched to using gold, with the casting done by the art casting workshop of Ernst Strassacker in Süßen.
Bambi's Children: The Story of a Forest Family (German: Bambis Kinder: Eine Familie im Walde ) is a novel written by Austrian author Felix Salten as a sequel to his successful work "Bambi, A Life in the Woods".
Felix Salten (6 September 1869 – 8 October 1945) was an Austrian author and critic in Vienna.
 His most famous work is "Bambi, a Life in the Woods" (1923).
Lawrence L. "Larry" Morey (March 26, 1905 – May 8, 1971) was an American lyricist and screenwriter.
 He co-wrote some of the most successful songs in Disney movies of the 1930s and 1940s, including "Heigh-Ho", "Some Day My Prince Will Come", and "Whistle While You Work"; and was also responsible for adapting Felix Salten's book "Bambi, A Life in the Woods" into the 1942 Disney film, "Bambi".
Bambi is the title character in Felix Salten's 1923 novel "Bambi, A Life in the Woods" and its sequel "Bambi's Children", as well as the Disney animated films "Bambi" and "Bambi II".
 The character of Bambi also appears in Salten’s novels "Perri" and "Fifteen Rabbits".
