The Cowon D2 was a portable media player designed and marketed by Cowon Systems, Inc. The D2, released on December 5, 2006, was Cowon's first portable media player using a touchscreen as the main means of navigation.
 It has since been discontinued.
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services.
 The company's hardware products include the iPhone smartphone, the iPad tablet computer, the Mac personal computer, the iPod portable media player, the Apple Watch smartwatch, the Apple TV digital media player, and the HomePod smart speaker.
 Apple's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems, the iTunes media player, the Safari web browser, and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites.
 Its online services include the iTunes Store, the iOS App Store and Mac App Store, Apple Music, and iCloud.
Microsoft PlaysForSure was a certification given by Microsoft to portable devices and content services that had been tested against several hundred compatibility and performance requirements.
 These requirements include codec support, Digital rights management support, UI responsiveness, device performance, compatibility with Windows Media Player, synchronization performance, and so on.
 PlaysForSure certification was available for portable media players, network-attached digital media receivers, and media-enabled mobile phones.
 The PlaysForSure logo was applied to device packaging as well as to online music stores and online video stores.
In advertising and marketing communication, fourth screen, or sometimes third screen, refers to a small portable video screen such as a mobile phone or portable media player.
ZVUE is a now inactive brand of portable media player designed and marketed by HandHeld Entertainment.
 The ZVUE device combined a digital mp3 audio player with a personal video player and a JPEG viewer all in one consumer electronics device about the size of a pack of playing cards.
Widely distributed by Walmart, the Zvue beat the Apple video iPod into mass distribution by more than one year [ citation]
A portable storage device (PSD) is a small hard drive designed to hold any kind of digital data.
 This is slightly different from a portable media player, which stores and plays music and movies.
The Walkman Bean was a flash memory-based portable media player by Sony.
 The name refers to its shape, which was modelled after a jellybean, and its ancestor, the original Sony Walkman portable cassette player.
 The product was released in October 2005, and production ceased in April 2006.
A portable media player (PMP) or digital audio player (DAP) is a portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files.
 The data is typically stored on a CD, DVD, flash memory, microdrive, or hard drive.
 Most portable media players are equipped with a 3.5 mm headphone jack, which users can plug headphones into, or connect to a boombox or hifi system.
 In contrast, analog portable audio players play music from non-digital media that use analog signal storage, such as cassette tapes or vinyl records.
Portable Media Center (PMC) is a defunct hard drive-based portable media player (PMP) platform developed by Microsoft.
 Announced at the 2003 Consumer Electronics Show (CES), and released in early 2004, it was originally positioned as a competitor to Apple's iPod.
The K-Pex 100 (Kingston Portable Entertainment eXperience) is a portable media player produced by Kingston Technologies.
 It is capable of playing transcoded videos (.
mpx), viewing still images (.
jpg), and playing music files (.
mp3, .
wma).
 It also comes with 2 games.
 It is a rebranded Cenix GMP-M6, which is from Korea.
 Production of the K-PEX has been discontinued.
