Peepshow is the ninth studio album by English alternative rock band Siouxsie and the Banshees, released in September 1988 on Polydor.
 It was their first record as a quintet.
 With the arrival of multi-instrumentalist Martin McCarrick (known for his work as part of 4AD's This Mortal Coil), the group recorded a multifaceted album with a variety of influences.
 Including the singles "Peek-a-Boo" and "The Last Beat of My Heart", the record was a commercial success, peaking at No. 68 on the "Billboard" 200 chart in the week of 3 December 1988.
 It spent a total of 20 weeks on that chart.
"Not Your Fault" is a song by American alternative rock band Awolnation.
 It was originally written by frontman Aaron Bruno and recorded by the band for their debut studio album "Megalithic Symphony", where it appears as the twelfth track.
 "Not Your Fault" was released to American modern rock radio on October 17, 2011, and was also released as a single in the United Kingdom and Bosnia on February 26, 2012.
 The single peaked at numbers three and eleven on the US "Billboard" Alternative Songs and Rock Songs charts, respectively.
American alternative rock band Awolnation has released two studio albums, three extended plays, eight singles and ten music videos.
 The band is signed to Red Bull Records, and their first EP, "Back from Earth", was released on iTunes on May 18, 2010.
 They released their first studio album, "Megalithic Symphony", on March 15, 2011; it featured their most notable hit, "Sail", which peaked at #17 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #4 on the "Billboard" Rock Songs chart, and #5 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.
 The song has been certified 6× platinum by the RIAA and has sold 5,500,000 copies in the United States.
 As of February 29, 2016, the album has been certified platinum.
 The band's second studio album, "Run", was released on March 17, 2015.
"Kill Your Heroes" is a song by American alternative rock band Awolnation.
 It is written by lead singer Aaron Bruno and musician Brian West for the band's debut studio album "Megalithic Symphony", where it appears as the eighth track.
 "Kill Your Heroes" was released as the third and final single from "Megalithic Symphony" and reached the top 20 of the United States "Billboard" Alternative Songs and Rock Songs charts.
This Mortal Coil was a music collective led by Ivo Watts-Russell, founder of the British record label 4AD.
 Although Watts-Russell and John Fryer were technically the only two official members, the band's recorded output featured a large rotating cast of supporting artists, many of whom were otherwise associated with 4AD, including members of Cocteau Twins, Colourbox, and Dead Can Dance.
 The project became known for its gothic, dream pop sound, and released three full albums beginning in 1984 with "It'll End in Tears".
The discography of American alternative rock band The Breeders consists of four studio albums, one live album, three extended plays, ten singles and twelve music videos. Kim Deal, then-bassist of American alternative rock band the Pixies, formed The Breeders as a side-project with Tanya Donelly, guitarist of American alternative rock band Throwing Muses.
 After recording a demo tape, The Breeders signed to the English independent record label 4AD in 1989.
 Their debut studio album "Pod" was released in May 1990, but was not commercially successful.
 After the revival of the Pixies and Throwing Muses in 1990, The Breeders became mostly inactive until the Pixies' breakup in 1993.
 With a new lineup, The Breeders released their "Safari" EP in 1992, followed by their second studio album "Last Splash" in 1993.
 "Last Splash" was The Breeders' most successful album; it peaked at number 33 on the United States "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1994.
 The album spawned the band's most successful single, "Cannonball".
 The single peaked at number 44 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number two on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.
Awolnation is an American alternative rock band, formed and fronted by Aaron Bruno, formerly of Under the Influence of Giants, Home Town Hero, and Insurgence.
 The band is signed to Red Bull Records, and their first EP, "Back from Earth", was released on iTunes on May 18, 2010.
 They released their first studio album, "Megalithic Symphony", on March 15, 2011; it featured their most notable hit, "Sail", which peaked at #17 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #4 on the "Billboard" Rock Songs chart, and #5 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.
 The song has been certified 6× platinum by the RIAA and has sold 5,500,000 copies in the United States.
 As of February 29, 2016, the album has been certified platinum.
The Pilgrims are an alternative rock band from Windsor, Vermont.
 Seven Days contributor Dan Bolles compared their style to alt-punk and indie rock, while John Powell, writing for www.angelica-music.com, has likened them to rock and roll bands from the 1960s and 1970s.
 They are part of the Windsor, VT music collective What Doth Life, which has released albums by The Pilgrims, Giant Travel Avant Garde, Derek and The Demons, Carton, and Luke Chrisinger.
"Hollow Moon (Bad Wolf)" is a song by American alternative rock band Awolnation.
 It was released as the lead single from their second studio album "Run" (2015).
 The song became their first number-one hit on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart in early 2015.
Automatic is the third album by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain.
 The group on this record is basically the core duo of brothers William and Jim Reid with a drum machine providing percussion and even a synthesizer filling in on bass guitar.
 The only other credited musician was Richard Thomas who joined the touring version of The Jesus and Mary Chain as a drummer.
 Thomas drummed on "Gimme Hell" and was a former member of Dif Juz.
 He also made appearances on Cocteau Twins' 1986 Victorialand LP and This Mortal Coil's 1986 Filigree & Shadow.
