Cold North Killers: Canadian Serial Murder is a 2012 Canadian non-fiction book written by Lee Mellor and published by Dundurn Press.
 It documents the lives of sixty Canadian serial killers, with the earliest being Edward H. Rulloff and the most recent being Russell Williams.
 The book uses Katherine Ramsland's interpretation of what constitutes a serial killer—someone who has killed at least two people on two separate occasions, and who attempted to or likely would have killed again—as outlined in her 2007 book "The Human Predator".
 "Cold North Killer's" own definition of what constitutes a Canadian serial killer includes both Canadians who committed murder abroad (such as Keith Hunter Jesperson and Gordon Stewart Northcott) and non-Canadians who committed murder in Canada (like William Dean Christenson and Earle Nelson).
Randall Brent "Randy" Woodfield (born December 26, 1950) is an American serial killer who was dubbed The I-5 Killer or The I-5 Bandit by the media due to the crimes he committed along the Interstate 5 corridor running through Washington, Oregon, and California.
 Before his capture, the I-5 Killer was suspected of multiple sexual assaults and murders.
 A native of Oregon, Woodfield was convicted of three murders and is suspected of killing up to 44 people.
 He is currently incarcerated at the Oregon State Penitentiary.
 In 2011, Woodfield was the subject of a Lifetime television movie "Hunt for the I-5 Killer".
 The movie was based on the book "The I-5 Killer" by crime author Ann Rule.
Cave-In-Rock State Park is an Illinois state park, on 240 acres, in the town of Cave-in-Rock, Hardin County, Illinois in the United States.
 The state park contains the historic Cave-In-Rock, a landmark of the Ohio River.
 It is maintained by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources (IDNR).
The Sun Hill Serial Killer was a major storyline from ITV's cop show "The Bill".
 Known originally as the "River Murders", the storyline spanned several months in 2002 and served as the exit for popular cast regular Cass Rickman (played by Suzanne Maddock).
 It was the first of several serial killer storylines from the show.
 Events came to a head in the New Year of 2003, when Acting DI Samantha Nixon discovers the truth and is taken hostage by the serial killer, before a final confrontation in which she is overpowered by DC Duncan Lennox, charged and thrown into the cells at Sun Hill Station.
Luis Alfredo Garavito Cubillos, also known as "La Bestia" ("The Beast") or "Tribilín" (named after Disney character "Goofy"'s Latin American Spanish name) is a Colombian rapist and serial killer.
 In 1999, he admitted to the rape, torture and murder of 147 young boys.
 His victims, based on the locations of skeletons listed on maps that Garavito drew in prison, could eventually exceed 300; Garavito continues to confess to more murders.
 He has been described by local media as "the world's worst serial killer".
 According to the Attorney General's Office and various judicial bodies, Luis Alfredo Garavito is the "second serial killer of the world."
 Likewise, the judicial body ruled that all Garavito's sentences total 1853 years and nine days in jail.
Raman Raghav 2.0 is a 2016 Indian neo noir psychological thriller film directed by Anurag Kashyap.
 Nawazuddin Siddiqui plays the role of Ramanna, a psychopathic serial killer inspired by a serial killer who operated in Mumbai during the mid-1960s named Raman Raghav.
 Vicky Kaushal plays Raghavan, a cop assigned to investigate the serial killings.
 The film premiered at the Cannes Directors’ Fortnight to a positive critical reception, raising hopes of a good showing at the box office.
 It was released on 24 June 2016.
My Brother the Serial Killer is a 2012 American television documentary about serial killer Glen Rogers, otherwise known as the "Casanova Killer", who was convicted for a series of murders and arsons.
 The documentary was narrated by Rogers' brother Clay Rogers and aired on Investigation Discovery in November 2012.
 "My Brother the Serial Killer" received widespread media attention for Clay's claims that his brother was responsible for the 1994 murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Lyle Goldman.
Charles Edmund Cullen (born February 22, 1960) is a former nurse who is the most prolific serial killer in New Jersey history and is suspected to be the most prolific serial killer in American history.
 He confessed to authorities that he killed up to 40 patients during the course of his 16-year nursing career.
 But in subsequent interviews with police, psychiatric professionals, and journalists Charles Graeber and Steve Kroft, it became clear that he had killed many more, whom he could not specifically remember by name, though he could often remember details of their case.
 Experts have estimated that Charles Cullen may ultimately be responsible for 400 deaths, which would make him the most prolific serial killer in American history.
Cave-In-Rock is a village in Hardin County, Illinois, United States.
 Its principal feature and tourist attraction is nearby Cave-In-Rock, on the banks of the Ohio River.
 Cave-in-Rock was originally a stronghold for outlaws, including river pirates and highwaymen Samuel Mason and James Ford, tavern owner/highwayman Isaiah L. Potts, serial killers/bandits the Harpe brothers, counterfeiters Philip Alston, Peter Alston, John Duff, Eson Bixby, and the Sturdivant Gang, and the post-Civil War bandit, Logan Belt.
 The population was 318 at the 2010 census.
The Cave-In-Rock Ferry is one of three passenger ferry services that cross the Ohio River into the U.S. state of Kentucky.
 It connects Illinois Route 1 in Cave-In-Rock, Hardin County, Illinois to Kentucky Route 91, 10.6 miles north of Marion, Kentucky.
 It is the only public river crossing available between the Brookport Bridge at Paducah, Kentucky and the Shawneetown Bridge at Old Shawneetown, Illinois.
