American singer Demi Lovato has embarked six concert tours and performed live at various award ceremonies and television shows.
 Her debut promotional tour in 2008, Demi Live!
 Warm Up Tour was based in North America only and supported her debut studio album, "Don't Forget" (2008).
 At the same year, Lovato served as one of the opening acts for Jonas Brothers on their fifth concert tour, Burnin' Up Tour.
 Lovato also served as one of the opening acts for Avril Lavigne on her third concert tour, The Best Damn World Tour on selected dates in North America.
 In 2009, Lovato performed as the opening act on the Jonas Brothers World Tour 2009 with Jonas Brothers during the South American and European legs, before she continued to tour her first headlining tour, during Summer 2009, promoting her debut album "Don't Forget" and her sophomore album "Here We Go Again".
 The tour featured opening acts, David Archuleta, Jordan Pruitt and KSM.
 In 2010, Lovato performed as the opening act on Jonas Brothers' Live in Concert World Tour 2010.
 On November 1, 2010, Lovato left the tour after a dispute arose to the public light involving her apparently punching one of the dancers of the tour.
 After Lovato left, she was interned in a treatment center to seek out help.
Aphrodite: Les Folies Tour (also known as Aphrodite Live) was the twelfth concert tour by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue.
 The tour supported her eleventh studio album, "Aphrodite" (2010).
 The tour visited Europe, Asia, North America, Australia and Africa.
 Minogue has stated the tour was highly technical (as far as staging) yet it remained somewhat intimate.
 Given the nature of the show, the tour was officially acknowledged by two names; Aphrodite: Les Folies Tour (in Europe and Australia) and Aphrodite Live (in Asia, North America and Africa).
 The tour ranked 6th in Pollstar's "Top 50 Worldwide Tour (Mid-Year)", earning over $52.1 million from 68 shows.
 At the conclusion of 2011, the tour placed 21st on Billboard's annual, "Top 25 Tours", earning over $32.6 million with 41 shows.
 The tour earned over $52.8 million from 72 shows, placing 21st on Pollstar's "Top 50 Worldwide Tours".
 Overall, the tour grossed an estimated $60 million.
American singer Justin Timberlake has embarked on five concert tours during his solo career, three of which have been worldwide and two of which have been collaborative.
 His 2003 debut The Justified World Tour began at intimate gigs at clubs and theatres in the United States and Australia before expanding to arenas in Europe.
 In summer 2003, Timberlake and Christina Aguilera headlined the Justified/Stripped Tour.
 Later that year he recorded a song "I'm Lovin' It", used by McDonald's as the theme to its "I'm Lovin' It" campaign.
 The deal with McDonald's earned Timberlake an estimated $6 million.
 A tour titled Justified and Lovin' It Live was included with the deal, following his initial Justified World Tour.
 For the release of his sophomore record "FutureSex/LoveSounds", Timberlake embarked on his second worldwide tour FutureSex/LoveShow in 2007, which eventually became the third highest-grossing concert tour of the year.
 During the tour, he visited Asia, Europe, North America and Oceania.
The 2011 Leinster Senior Cup, was the 110th staging of the Leinster Senior Cup association football competition.
 43 teams entered the 2011 competition including the 11 League of Ireland teams affiliated to the Leinster Football Association who entered the competition at the Fourth round stage.
 A further 16 Intermediate teams, 14 Junior teams and 2 A Championship sides entered the competition at the First round stage.
 St.Patrick's Athletic won the competition after beating Bohemians 2-0 at Dalymount Park.
The 2012 season is Rosenborg's 22nd consecutive year in Tippeligaen, and their 45th season in the top flight of Norwegian football.
 It was their second and final season with Jan Jönsson as manager.
 They participated in the Tippeligaen, finishing 3rd.
 They also took part in the 2012 Norwegian Football Cup, getting eliminated by Molde at the Fourth Round stage and the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League, which they entered at the First qualifying round stage and were eliminated at the group stage.
Because We Can was a concert tour by American rock band, Bon Jovi.
 The tour was in support of the band's twelfth studio album "What About Now".
 The tour was named after the lead single from "What About Now".
 All five major continents were visited during the 2013 tour.
 The tour saw the band travel to Wales for the first time since their 2001 One Wild Night Tour and was also the first time since their 1995 These Days Tour that the band returned to Africa for two dates in South Africa.
 Furthermore, this tour was the first time in the band's 30-year history that they visited Bulgaria and Poland.
 The tour ranked 1st on Pollstar's annual "Top 100 Mid Year Worldwide Tours".
 It earned $142.1 million from 60 shows.
 At the end of 2013, the tour placed 1st on Pollstar's "Top 100 Worldwide Tours", grossing $259.5 million from 102 shows.
"Firm Biz" is the first single by the Hip hop supergroup The Firm from their singular collaborative LP "The Album".
 The song was produced by L.E.S, who based the song's track on a sample of Teena Marie's 1981 hit "Square Biz".
 "Firm Biz" also features a chorus performed by former En Vogue singer Dawn Robinson, reworked from the "Square Biz" chorus.
 AZ raps the first verse of the song, Nas the second, and Foxy Brown the third and final verse.
 The song never reached any US chart positions, but was a UK Top 20 hit in 1997.
 A remix of the song was released, featuring a verse from Half-A-Mill and a chorus by Mary J. Blige.
 The word "feds" is censored in the explicit version, in verse 2, performed by Nas, when he says "Never that though Black .4-4's for feds".
"Baby, Stop Crying" is a song written by Bob Dylan, released in the summer of 1978 as a single and in a longer album version on "Street Legal".
 It was performed live only during his big-band worldwide tour of 1978.
 The song charted at #13 in the UK and was a top-ten song in much of Europe, although it failed to chart in the United States.
Afrodiziak was a British singing group composed of Caron Wheeler, Claudia Fontaine, and later Naomi Thompson, that was active in the 1980s.
 As a duo, Wheeler and Fontaine were best known for performing backing vocals on The Jam's final single "Beat Surrender" in 1982 (with whom they also performed on their final tour) and Elvis Costello's 1983 album "Punch the Clock", especially its single, the international hit "Everyday I Write the Book".
 After the addition of a third member, Naomi Thompson, they went on to sing for acts such as Heaven 17 and Howard Jones.
 Afrodiziak performed backing vocals on the hit single Free Nelson Mandela, including the a cappella intro, staging it at The Tube (Channel4) in March 1984.
 Heaven 17's 1984 album, "How Men Are", featured them prominently, especially on the singles "Sunset Now" and "And That's No Lie".
 In 1984 and 1985 they performed on Madness's albums "Keep Moving" and "Mad Not Mad" respectively, also appearing in the video for the Madness single "Sweetest Girl".
 Also in 1985, they performed backing vocals on the first two songs on Howard Jones' second album, "Dream Into Action", both of which ("Things Can Only Get Better" and "Life in One Day") became worldwide hit singles; later that year, they went on tour as part of Jones' band.
 Other acts the group sang backup for include Japan, Ian Gillan, Aztec Camera, Maxi Priest, Aswad, Sam Brown, and Julia Fordham.
 Besides "The Tube", Afrodiziak also appeared on "Top of the Pops", "The Old Grey Whistle Test", "Solid Gold", and "American Bandstand".
 They performed live at the Montreux Jazz Festival, Live Aid Japan, Red Nose Day of Charity, and the first Free Nelson Mandela Concert.
Rock and Roll Over Tour is a concert tour by the American hard rock group Kiss.
 It began November 24, 1976 (shortly after the release of the Rock and Roll Over album) and ended April 4, 1977.
 It was on this tour where the band performed for the first time at Madison Square Garden on 2/18/77 - a venue all four members of the band had long dreamed of playing (February 18, 1977).
 The band also performed in Japan for the first time on this tour.
 They played Budokan Hall four nights in a row breaking the previous concert attendance record set by The Beatles.
 On December 12, 1976 Ace Frehley suffered a severe electrical shock on stage which delayed the concert.
 The delay lasted about fifteen minutes and then resumed; Ace was able to finish the show despite having lost feeling in one of his hands.
 Being inspired by the event, Ace wrote the song "Shock Me" which appeared on Kiss' next album release Love Gun (1977).
 It is the first Kiss song in which Ace sings lead vocals.
 This was the first tour on which "Beth" was performed live; instead of being played by the entire band, it was sung solo by drummer Peter Criss to a recording of the instrumental track from the Destroyer album.
