Hungária was a Hungarian pop-rock ground that was established in 1967 by Miklós Fenyő and disbanded in 1982.
 Some of the members then continued their work in Dolly Roll.
 After 1983 the band was reformed under the name Modern Hungária.
 In the late 1960s they mostly played beat and psychedelic rock, around 1970 they moved towards hard rock, and in the 1980s a new line up with the original lead singer, Miklós Fenyő performed rockabilly and rock and roll songs.
 In 1968, they won in Hungarian competition with their song "Nem bújok én már többé már a subába".
 In the mid-1970s, the band performed in Eastern Germany.
 In 1978, Hungária recorded and album with cover versions of Beatles songs.
 Their 1980 album entitled "Rock and Roll Party" was sold in 40 thousand copies in the first month alone, their 1981 SP "Limbó hintó" was sold in more than 250 thousand copies.
 Their 1981 LP "Hotel Menthol" was a huge success, more than 600,000 copies were sold.
 In March 1982, they held a concert at Népstadion in front of 150,000 people.
This is a discography of Mandisa, an African-American gospel and contemporary Christian artist.
 In her career she has released three studio albums, including one Christmas album, and one EP.
 Her first album "True Beauty" debuted at number one on the Top Christian Albums chart, and at number 47 on the Billboard Top 200.
 She also released a Christmas EP entitled "Christmas Joy" on November 20, 2007.
 In 2008, she released her second studio album, a full length Christmas album, entitled "It's Christmas", debuting at number 37 on the Top Christian Albums chart, and at number 44 on the Top Holiday Albums.
 In 2009, she released her third full-length studio album entitled "Freedom".
 On April 5, 2011 she released her fourth studio album, "What If We Were Real".
dan le sac Vs Scroobius Pip were a hip-hop duo, combining electronic beats with sung, spoken, and rapped lyrics.
 The pair are Daniel Stephens (a.k.a. Dan le Sac; production, programming, keyboards, guitars and backing vocals), and David Peter Meads (b.1981) (a.k.a. Scroobius Pip; vocals/rapper/poet).
 The name "Scroobius Pip" is an intentional misspelling of the Edward Lear poem, "The Scroobious Pip".
 Dan le Sac originally hails from Corringham and Scroobius Pip from neighbouring Stanford-le-Hope in Essex.
 Their first single was "Thou Shalt Always Kill".
 Signed with the Sunday Best record label, Dan le Sac Vs Scroobius Pip released their debut album in 2008.
 Titled "Angles", it reached 31 in the UK album chart.
 They released their second album entitled "The Logic of Chance" on 15 March 2010 on Sunday Best.
 Scroobius Pip released his debut solo album, entitled "Distraction Pieces", on 19 September 2011 – while Dan le Sac released his, "Space Between the Words", on 9 July 2012.
 The duo's third album entitled "Repent Replenish Repeat" was released 7 October 2013 and debuted at number 22 in the UK top 40, the duo's highest album chart position to date.
Rumpelstiltskin Grinder (or RsG) is a thrash metal band from the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 They first released their live album "Raped by Bears".
 After that they released a single song split 7" entitled "Equipment Crusher" with Jumbo's Kill Crane on Red Candle Records.
 They then released a live CDR entitled "Raped By Bears-Live At The Dungeon 6/21/03".
 Their debut album "Buried In The Front Yard" was released on Relapse Records.
 Their second album entitled "Living for Death, Destroying the Rest" was released in January 2009.
 RsG played their first North American tour that year.
Melissa Merchiche (born August 21, 1985 in Marseille), better known by her stage name Melissa M or simply Melissa, is a French R&B singer of Algerian origin.
 Her debut album entitled "Avec Tout Mon Amour" and two successful singles, "Elle" and "Cette Fois" was on April 23, 2007.
 "Avec Tout Mon Amour" was ranked in the French Top 50.
 Her second album entitled "Melissa M" was released in 2009.
 In November 2013 the single "Jump" was released to help promote her upcoming third album, which is still untitled.
 She currently lives in Gardanne, France.
"Wish I Was" is a 1983 single by British singer Sandie Shaw.
 Shaw was most famous for being the most successful British female singer of the 1960s, thanks to a string of hit singles on the Pye Records label.
 She had semi-retired in 1972 and had released very little work for the following ten years until she recorded "Anyone Who Had a Heart" for the B.E.F.'s "Music Of Quality And Distinction" album.
 Shaw was by now romantically involved with Nik Powell, co-founder of the Virgin Group and Palace Entertainment, who she would later marry.
 Her involvement with Powell had led her to become involved with the B.E.F.'s album, and the following year she released an album entitled "Choose Life" in support of the World Peace Exposition.
 Around 1,000 copies of the album were released as promotional copies only but demand from fans led to an official release on the Palace label.
Desecravity is a technical death metal band formed in 2007 from Tokyo, Japan.
 The band is signed to Willowtip Records and released their full-length debut album entitled "Implicit Obedience" on January, 2012 and the second full-length album entitled "Orphic Signs" on November, 2014.
Dangerous Acquaintances is the eighth studio album by English singer Marianne Faithfull.
 It was released on 1 September 1981 by Island Records.
 The album was seen by reviewers as a disappointing follow-up to Faithfull's "Broken English", as the album trades the angry and controversial alternative new wave arrangements of the previous one for a more mainstream rock texture, using over a dozen session musicians and, for some, giving a certain anonymous feel to the songs.
 The title is a reference to the Pierre Choderlos de Laclos 1782 novel "Les Liaisons dangereuses".
Linda Rich is a hazzan (also called cantor) who, while only in her teens, became the first female cantor to daven (chant) in a Conservative synagogue (specifically Temple Beth Zion in Los Angeles), although she was not ordained until 1996 when she finally received her ordination of "Hazzan Minister" from the "Jewish Theological Seminary" in New York.
 That same year she became a member of the "Cantors Assembly of America".
 The 1984 Olympics were held in Los Angeles, and Rich was chosen as their official cantor; she also sang at the "1984 World Chassidic Festival" in Haifa, Jerusalem, and Tel Aviv.
 An album entitled "World Chassidic Festival" was later released, containing among other songs her recording of "Barcheynu Avinu."
 In January 2008, Cantor Linda received a Commendation from the "City of Los Angeles" for her "extraordinary talent and accomplishments".
 Rich is a fifth-generation cantor from an Orthodox Jewish family.
 Her father was well-known Cantor Israel Reich (Z'L) of New York and Los Angeles, and both of her brothers, Barry and Brian, are cantors as well in the Bay Area.
 Together, the 4 cantors concertized throughout the country during the 80's and 90's and eventually recorded their own album entitled "The Reich Family, Cantors Four".
 Linda's daughter, Rachel Reich Freed, plans on one day becoming the sixth generation of cantors in the "Reich Family", as they are known.
 After the passing of her grandfather in March 1999, Rachel was included in the family concerts as the fourth cantor.
 The concerts were renamed "The Reich Family, Cantors Three plus One".
 Linda is married to Philip Freed of London, England.
 She majored in Theatre Arts and Music at San Francisco State University, and received scholarships to study acting at the American Conservatory Theatre (ACT), musical theatre at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, and is also an accomplished classical pianist.
 In addition to her membership in the Cantors Assembly of America (CA), Linda is also a member of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) and appeared in minor television roles prior to becoming a full-time cantor.
Group Tamashii (グループ魂 , Gurūpu Tamashii ) is a Japanese comedy rock band.
 It was started by actors in a theatrical company called "Otona Keikaku" (Project Adult) in 1995.
 Its original members were Hakai (Sadao Abe), Boudou (Kankuro Kudo), and Baito Kun (Seminosuke Murasugi).
 When it started, the group was just a group of comedians using the guitar.
 The members perform in many theaters, and also at Shōten.
 In 1997, bass, guitar, and drum players join and became a band.
 In 2002 they released their debut album called "Run Tamashi Run" (Run魂Run ) while they were signed to an indie label, "MIDI".
 In 2005, Group Tamashi signed to Ki/oon Records.
 The name of the band derives from the song "Tamashi Kogashite" of the rock band ARB.
 The reason they put the "Group" in the band name is "Nobody didn't say 'Group' by myself."
 In 2008 they released a long-awaited new album entitled "Patsun Patsun".
 It was their longest album to date, at 27 tracks, and featured them covering a new variety of musical genres such as reggae and hip-hop.
 2010 marks the group's 15th anniversary, and several releases and events are scheduled in honor of it, including a new album entitled 1!
2!
3!
4!
.
