The Champ de Mars Massacre took place on 17 July 1791 in Paris in the midst of the French Revolution.
 The event is named after the site of the massacre, the Champ de Mars.
 Two days before, the National Constituent Assembly issued a decree that the king, Louis XVI, would remain king under a constitutional monarchy.
 This decision came after King Louis XVI and his family had unsuccessfully tried to flee France in the Flight to Varennes the month before.
 Later that day, leaders of the republicans in France rallied against this decision, eventually leading royalist Lafayette to order the massacre.
The Battle of Krechowce (Polish: Bitwa pod Krechowcami) took place on July 24, 1917, during World War I.
 Polish uhlans, who fought in the Imperial Russian Army, were ordered to halt the advance of German Army, which tried to capture the city of Stanisławów, located at that time in Austrian Galicia.
 The battle between Polish and German forces took place near the village of Krechowce (Крихівці).
 The uhlans managed to check the Germans for a whole day, and then retreated to Stanisławów.
The Soyuz-U launch vehicle was an improved version of the original Soyuz rocket.
 Soyuz-U was part of the R-7 family of rockets based on the R-7 Semyorka missile.
 Members of this rocket family were designed by the TsSKB design bureau and constructed at the Progress Factory in Samara, Russia (now a united company, TsSKB-Progress).
 The first Soyuz-U flight took place on 18 May 1973, carrying as its payload Kosmos 559, a Zenit military surveillance satellite.
 The final flight of a Soyuz-U rocket took place on February 22, 2017, carrying Progress MS-05 to the International Space Station.
The Battle of the Kondurcha River was the first major battle of the Tokhtamysh–Timur war.
 It took place at the Kondurcha River, in the Bulgar Ulus of the Golden Horde, in what today is Samara Oblast in Russia.
 Tokhtamysh's cavalry tried to encircle Timur's army from the flanks.
 However, the Central Asian army withstood the assault, after which its sudden frontal attack put the Horde troops to flight.
 However, many of the Golden Horde troops escaped to fight again at Terek.
Harshad Mehta was an Indian stockbroker, well known for his wealth and for having been charged with numerous financial crimes that took place in 1992.
 Of the 27 criminal charges brought against him, he was only convicted of four, before his death at age 47 in 2001.
 It was alleged that Mehta engaged in a massive stock manipulation scheme financed by worthless bank receipts, which his firm brokered in "ready forward" transactions between banks.
 Mehta was convicted by the Bombay High Court and Supreme Court of India for his part in a financial scandal valued at 4999 Crores which took place on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
 The scandal exposed the loopholes in the Indian banking system, Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) transaction system and SEBI further introduced new rules to cover those loopholes.
 He was tried for 9 years, until he died in late 2001.
The Dikko affair was a joint Nigerian-Israeli attempt to kidnap Umaru Dikko, a former Nigerian civilian government minister living in the United Kingdom, in 1984, and secretly transport him back to Nigeria in a diplomatic bag.
 The kidnapping took place, but the transportation was unsuccessful.
 After it was foiled, the political fallout seriously damaged relations between Nigeria and the United Kingdom for years.
Alhaji Umaru Abdul Mutallab (born 15 December 1939) is a Nigerian business and banking leader, and former minister of Economic Development under the military government of Murtala Mohammed.
 He played a major role in introducing Islamic banking into Nigeria.
 Mutallab was described by "The New York Times" as "among Nigeria's richest and most prominent men," by "The Telegraph" as being "one of Nigeria's most prominent bankers", and by "The Guardian" as being "one of the country's most respected businessmen".
 Mutallab's son, Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, is a student who attempted to detonate plastic explosives aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 on 25 December 2009.
Kiyoshi Ogawa (Japanese: 小川 清 "Ogawa Kiyoshi", October 23, 1922 – May 11, 1945) was a Japanese naval aviator ensign (少尉 ) of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
 As a kamikaze pilot, Ensign Ogawa's final action took place on May 11, 1945, during the Battle of Okinawa.
 Piloting a bomb-laden Mitsubishi Zero fighter during Operation Kikusui No. 6, Ogawa at the age of 22 flew through American anti-aircraft fire and attacked the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS "Bunker Hill" .
 He dropped a 550 lb bomb, never pulled out of the dive, and crashed deliberately into the flight deck near the control tower of the American aircraft carrier.
 The bomb penetrated "Bunker Hill's" flight deck and exploded, gasoline fires flamed up and several explosions took place when re-armed and re-fueled planes on deck exploded and caught fire.
 Nearly 400 American sailors died with Ogawa and the ship was disabled for the remainder of the war.
The Masterdome was located at 137 S. G St. in San Bernardino, California and was a popular concert, sports and rave venue until its destruction.
 Originally, it was a trolley barn for the Pacific Electric Railway.
 The Masterdome was home to many concerts, sporting events and raves from 1996 to the Summer of 2001.
 The city of San Bernardino unsuccessfully tried to close the Masterdome.
 It was ultimately closed on August 2, 2001 by the San Bernardino fire department recalled the entertainment permits and condemned the venue "Unsafe" due to a collapsing roof.
 The final event at the Masterdome was Summer Dreams by 26C which took place late in the summer of 2001.
 The building had already been condemned, thus the entire event took place in the outdoor area.
The TAT Nasnas is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV).
 Tunisia was the first Arab country to develop this industry in 1997.
 In 2003, it was joined by the United Arab Emirates.
 The UAVs are constructed and designed in Tunisia.
 They are produced by the Tunisia Aero Technologies  company (TAT).
 The flight of the first Tunisian drone, "TAT Aoussou", took place in October 1997.
 It served primarily as an aerial target for anti-aircraft units.
 It was designed and built in eight months.
 The first flight of the prototype "TAT Nasnas" (or anasnas) took place in August 1998.
 It was designed and built in six months.
