Voivod is the thirteenth album release, and the tenth studio album, by Canadian thrash metal/progressive metal band Voivod.
 It is the first to feature, since 1993's "The Outer Limits", returning vocalist Denis Bélanger (Snake) and their first recording with bassist Jason Newsted (Jasonic), formerly of Metallica.
 It was released in 2003 on Newsted's Chophouse Records label.
 This is also the last album Voivod completed before guitarist Denis D'Amour (Piggy) died of colon cancer in 2005.
Pseudocrenilabrus philander or the southern mouth-brooder is a small species of haplochromine cichlid found in southern and central Africa.
 It was first described by the German-Dutch zoologist Max Carl Wilhelm Weber in 1897.
The Vulture sand eel (Ichthyapus vulturis, also known as the Vulture eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).
 It was described by Max Carl Wilhelm Weber and Lieven Ferdinand de Beaufort in 1916, originally under the genus "Sphagebranchus".
 It is a marine, tropical eel which is known from the Indo-Pacific, including Mascarenes, Pitcairn, Japan, Australia, Micronesia, and Easter Island.
 It dwells in inshore waters at a depth range of 2 to , and forms burrows in soft, sandy sediments.
Rrröööaaarrr is the second studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Voivod.
 It was released in 1986 on Noise Records.
 In a 2012 interview with Michael Dodd of Get Your Rock Out, vocalist Denis Bélanger stated that, while a thrash record, the album represents a progression from the punk/thrash sound of "War and Pain" to the more progressive elements that would feature on "Killing Technology".
Whistling in the Dark, released in 1979, is the first studio album released by Max Gronenthal, also known as Max Carl.
Max Carl Wilhelm Weber van Bosse or Max Wilhelm Carl Weber (5 December 1852, in Bonn – 7 February 1937, in Eerbeek) was a German-Dutch zoologist and biogeographer.
The Freshwater snake-eel (Lamnostoma kampeni) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).
 It was described by Max Carl Wilhelm Weber and Lieven Ferdinand de Beaufort in 1916.
 It is a tropical, freshwater eel which is known from Asia and Oceania, including New Caledonia, New Guinea, the Philippines, and Vanuatu.
 Males can reach a maximum total length of 41 centimetres.
Rock & Roll Strategy is the eighth studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special, released in 1988.
 It was the first album to feature the new vocalist and keyboard player Max Carl.
 This album contained their last Top 10 hit, "Second Chance", which peaked at #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart.
Arius nudidens is a species of sea catfish in the family Ariidae.
 It was described by Max Carl Wilhelm Weber in 1913.
 It is known from freshwater in New Guinea and Indonesia.
Bone Against Steel is the ninth studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special, released in 1991.
 It was their last album until their 1996 comeback and the last album to feature the vocalist and keyboard player Max Carl.
