Tony Kaye (born 8 July 1952) is a British director of films, music videos, advertisements, and documentaries.
Battleground is a mockumentary comedy-drama web series created by J. D. Walsh streamed on Hulu.
 The show follows a group of political campaign staffers working to elect a dark horse candidate to the U.S. Senate in the battleground state of Wisconsin.
 Walsh serves as executive producer alongside Hagai Shaham and Marc Webb.
Badger were a British rock band from the early 1970s.
 They were co-founded by keyboardist Tony Kaye after he left Yes, with bassist and vocalist David Foster.
 Foster had been in the Warriors with Jon Anderson before Anderson co-founded Yes.
 Foster later worked with the band on "Time and a Word" (1970).
 Kaye had worked on a solo project by Foster that was never released.
The Only Living Boy in New York is a 2017 American drama film directed by Marc Webb and written by Allan Loeb.
 The film stars Callum Turner, Kate Beckinsale, Pierce Brosnan, Cynthia Nixon and Jeff Bridges.
 The film was released on August 11, 2017, by Roadside Attractions and Amazon Studios.
Gifted is a 2017 American drama film directed by Marc Webb and written by Tom Flynn.
 It stars Chris Evans, Mckenna Grace, Lindsay Duncan, Jenny Slate, and Octavia Spencer.
 The plot follows an intellectually gifted 7-year-old who becomes the subject of a custody battle between her uncle and grandmother.
 The film was released on April 7, 2017, by Fox Searchlight Pictures, and grossed $39.6 million worldwide.
Tony Kaye (born Anthony John Selvidge, 11 January 1946) is an English keyboardist and songwriter.
 Kaye was the original keyboard player for the progressive rock group Yes, from 1968 to 1971, and toured with David Bowie from 1975 to 76 for the "Station to Station" tour.
 He rejoined Yes from 1983 to 1995.
 Between his stints with Yes, he was also a founder member of the 1970s rock bands Badger and Detective, and joined Badfinger for their last album in 1981.
 Kaye currently plays with CIRCA:, which also features Yes member Billy Sherwood, and formerly included Yes drummer Alan White.
 Kaye was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Yes in 2017.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Rise of Electro in some markets) is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
 The film was directed by Marc Webb and was produced by Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach.
 It is the fifth theatrical "Spider-Man" film produced by Columbia Pictures and Marvel Entertainment, and is the sequel to 2012's "The Amazing Spider-Man", it is also the final film in "The Amazing Spider-Man" franchise.
 The studio hired James Vanderbilt to write the screenplay and Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci to rewrite it.
 The film stars Andrew Garfield as Peter Parker / Spider-Man, Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy, Dane DeHaan as Green Goblin / Harry Osborn, Campbell Scott and Embeth Davidtz as Peter's parents, and Sally Field as Aunt May, with the addition of a new cast including Paul Giamatti as Rhino / Aleksei Sytsevich and Jamie Foxx as Electro / Max Dillon.
Specializing in drums and percussion, Connor is based out of the Southern California area.
 His specialties are rock, contemporary and progressive rock music.
 He is a veteran of the Los Angeles music club scene and has toured in the United States as well as Europe with super group Yoso (with Billy Sherwood, Bobby Kimball and Tony Kaye).
 Connor was the drummer for actor William Shatner's 2013 record "Ponder the Mystery".
 He is currently a member of CIRCA: with Sherwood, Kaye and Ricky Tierney.
Mabel Greer's Toyshop are an English progressive rock (initially as psychedelic rock) band formed in London, active from 1966 to 1968 that was the precursor to the rock band Yes.
 Their music was marked by a combination of psychedelic, American blues and classically influenced arrangements with poetic lyrics.
 Members included Chris Squire, Peter Banks, Tony Kaye, Bill Bruford, and Jon Anderson.
 The band reformed in 2014 with original members, singer and guitarist Clive Bayley and drummer Robert Hagger, along with Hugo Barré, Tony Kaye, and Billy Sherwood.
500 Days of Summer (stylized as (500) Days of Summer) is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Marc Webb from a screenplay written by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber, and produced by Mark Waters.
 The film stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel, and employs a nonlinear narrative structure, with the story based upon its male protagonist and his memories of a failed relationship.
