With an area of 135km² Mwabvi Wildlife Reserve is Malawi’s smallest national park, and its least accessible.
 Nevertheless, it has a wide variety of habitats, including Mopane, Combretum and brachystegia woodland, as well as open savanna, dambo, and riverine areas.
 Mwabvi was the last natural home to Malawi's Black Rhino population, but both wildlife and woodland have been poached over recent years.
 However many species of antelope, including kudu, sable, impala and nyala, are present, and even leopard and hyena have been seen.
 Buffalo still bathe in the Mwabvi river, and, although the number of human tourists is low, lions from neighbouring Mozambique are regular visitors.
 The scenery is spectacular, with views over the Shire River and the Zambesi river, and the magnificent sandstone outcrops give an almost lunar feel to the landscape.
The Katonga Wildlife Reserve is a wildlife reserve in western Uganda, along the banks of the Katonga River.
 The reserve was established in 1998 and has approximately 211 km2 .
 Many of the species of plants and animals in the reserve are unique to its wetland environment.
The African buffalo or Cape buffalo ("Syncerus caffer") is a large African bovine.
 It is not closely related to the slightly larger wild water buffalo of Asia and its ancestry remains unclear.
 "Syncerus caffer caffer", the Cape buffalo, is the typical subspecies, and the largest one, found in South and East Africa.
 "S. c. nanus" (African forest buffalo) is the smallest subspecies, common in forest areas of Central and West Africa, while "S. c. brachyceros" is in West Africa and "S. c. aequinoctialis" is in the savannas of East Africa.
 The adult buffalo's horns are its characteristic feature; they have fused bases, forming a continuous bone shield across the top of the head referred to as a "boss".
 They are widely regarded as very dangerous animals, as they gore and kill over 200 people every year.
Krau Wildlife Reserve is the largest wildlife reserve covering 60,349 ha located in the Titiwangsa Mountains, central state of Pahang, Malaysia that was established during the British Colonial Administration.
 It is managed by the Department of Wildlife and National Parks, located south of Lanchang township.
 In the 1960s, Lord Medway led a zoological expedition to Gunong Benom (2110 m asl) which latter had attracted many scholars, biologists and primatelogists to conduct research on the eastern part of the reserve called Kuala Krau.
Giam Siak Kecil-Bukit Batu (Indonesian: "Cagar Biosfer Giam Siak Kecil Bukit Batu" or CB-GSK-BB) is a peatland area in Riau Province of Sumatra, covering 705,271 ha and large parts of Bengkalis Regency and Siak Regency.
 It is a declared UNESCO Man and the Biosphere Reserve and supports a sustainable timber industry.
 It is home to two wildlife reserves, namely Giam Siak Wildlife Reserve and Bukit Batu Wildlife Reserve; flagship species include the Sumatran elephant and Sumatran tiger.
The Ferlo Sud Wildlife Reserve (French: "Réserve de Faune du Ferlo-Sud" ), established in 1972, is a 6337 km2 IUCN habitat and species protected nature reserve located in Senegal.
 The nature reserve is bordered by the Ferlo Nord Wildlife Reserve to the north.
Sir Bani Yas (Arabic: صير بنى ياس‎ ‎ ) is a natural island located 170 km southwest of Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates.
 It lies 9 km offshore from Jebel Dhanna, which serves as a crossing point to other islands such as Dalma (island).
 Sir Bani Yas is 17.5 km from north to south and 9 km from east to west, making it the largest natural island in the United Arab Emirates.
 Located just off the shore of the Western region of Abu Dhabi, Sir Bani Yas island was originally home to Arabia's largest wildlife reserve.
 Spanning over 87 km2 , the reserve was established in 1977 by Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan.
 Thanks to decades of conservation work and ecological investment, it is now home to thousands of large free-roaming animals and several million trees and plants.
 A bird sanctuary as well as a wildlife reserve, Sir Bani Yas showcases nature through activities such as adventure safaris, kayaking, mountain biking, archery, hiking and snorkeling.
The Mastigouche Wildlife Reserve is a Quebec Wildlife Reserve located in the administrative regions of the Mauricie and Lanaudière, Quebec, in Canada.
 Like all wildlife reserves, this area is dedicated to the conservation, development and use of wildlife as well as recreational activities.
 It is however not considered a protected area, because forest and mining activities are being allowed.
Project African Wilderness (PAW) is a not for profit organisation with the express purpose of protecting and restoring the Mwabvi Wildlife Reserve in Malawi.
The Saint-Maurice Wildlife Reserve is a 782 km2 wildlife reserve to the north of Shawinigan.
 The reserve is located west of the Saint-Maurice River in the territory of the Mekinac Regional County Municipality.
 Like all wildlife reserves, this area is dedicated to the conservation, development and use of wildlife as well as the practice of recreational activity.
 It is not, however, considered a protected area; forest and mining activities are allowed.
