A Brake Standard Open or BSO, is a type of railway carriage used by British Rail.
 Both Mark 1 and Mark 2 types were built.
 Each consists of a standard class open passenger saloon with a centre aisle, a guard's compartment with hand brake and a lockable luggage compartment.
MicroRNAs (miR) are small non-coding RNAs that regulate gene expression at the posttranscriptional level.
 MiR cluster 23/27/24 regulates angiogenesis, which is the process of forming new blood vessels by deposition of endothelial cells.
 There are 2 types of miR-27s found on endothelial cells: miR-27a and miR-27b.
 The actual mechanisms of miR-27s are not well known, but studies showed that overexpression of miR-27b increases angiogenesis.
 These results suggest that miR27b might be useful for treating patients with ischemic heart disease.
Thumbnail Quran (Persian: قرآن بندانگشتی‎ ‎ ) or Miniature Quran are tiny-written Qurans having 2 types: Modern and Antique.
 Newer versions are produced in China, United Arab Emirates and Iran.
 But the antique versions can have almost 2cm length, 1.5 cm width and 1 cm thickness.
 Some of them in hexagon or octagon shapes and with a metal box and a gilded leather wrapper.Too old versions have fragile papers may be Foxed in contact with air.
 Some of the Sunni versions are from the Ottoman Empire era in Turkey and in Egypt probably Khedivate of Egypt and of course the vast production in England during WWI.Also Persian Shiite versions partly with Farsi texts.
Mammals are any vertebrates within the class Mammalia ( from Latin "mamma" "breast"), a clade of endothermic amniotes distinguished from reptiles (including birds) by the possession of a neocortex (a region of the brain), hair, three middle ear bones, and mammary glands. Females of all mammal species nurse their young with milk, secreted from the mammary glands.
Talkh Chikher JSC is the leading manufacturer of food industry in Mongolia, produces bread, pastries, candies, and biscuits in Mongolia.
 It has been operating for 34 years and recognized as one of the most distinguished brands.
 The company offers variety of products including 20 different types of bread, 30 types of pastries, 10 types of sweet and solid cookies, 2 types of soft candy, marmalade and 10 sorts of chocolate assortments.
The Beden, badan", or alternate type names Beden-seyed and Beden-safar"', is a fast, ancient Somali single or double-masted maritime vessel and ship, typified by its towering stern-post and powerful rudder.
 It is also the longest surviving sewn boat in the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula.
 Its shipyards predominantly lie in the northeastern Hafun region of Somalia (notably Bayla), as well as Muscat.
 There are 2 types of Beden ships, with one type geared towards fishing (the Beden-seyed) and the other, trading (Beden-safar).
 The average trading Beden-safar ship measure more than 15 m (49 ft) in length, and are significantly larger than the fishing Beden-seyed ships, which measure 6-15m (20-49 ft) on average, but both are dwarfed by a much larger trading variant called the 'uwassiye, he most common trading and voyaging ship, with some measuring up to 77+ ft. The ship is noticeable and unique in its strengthened substantial gunwale, which attached by treenail .
 Originally, all Beden ships were sewn with coiled coconut fibre, holding the hull planking, stem and stern-post.
 but Omani variants, beginning in the 20th century, began nailing instead of sewing the planks.
MHC class I molecules are one of two primary classes of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules (the other being MHC class II) and are found on the cell surface of all nucleated cells in the bodies of jawed vertebrates.
 They also occur on platelets, but not on red blood cells.
 Their function is to display peptide fragments of non-self proteins from within the cell to cytotoxic T cells; this will trigger an immediate response from the immune system against a particular non-self antigen displayed with the help of an MHC class I protein.
 Because MHC class I molecules present peptides derived from cytosolic proteins, the pathway of MHC class I presentation is often called "cytosolic" or "endogenous pathway".
Agranulocytes, also known as mononuclear leukocytes, are white blood cells with a one-lobed nucleus.
 They are characterized by the absence of granules in their cytoplasm, which distinguishes them from granulocytes. Normal hematologic blood values of MLs are about 35% of all white blood cells.
 The 2 types of agranulocytes in the blood circulation are lymphocytes and monocytes.
 A third type of agranulocyte, the macrophage, is formed in the tissue when monocytes leave the circulation and differentiate into macrophages.
Myosin-1, also known as 'striated muscle myosin heavy chain 1', is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MYH1" gene.
 This gene is most highly expressed in fast type IIX/D muscle fibres of vertebrates and encodes a protein found uniquely in striated muscle; it is a class II myosin with a long coiled coil tail that dimerizes and should not be confused with 'Myosin 1' encoded by the MYO1 family of genes ("MYO1A-MYO1H").
 Class I MYO1 genes function in many cell types throughout biology and are single-headed membrane-binding myosins that lack a long coiled coil tail.
WWE action figures are collectible figures based on the talent and programming of WWE (formerly World Wrestling Federation).
 They are detailed figures based on specific superstars such as John Cena, Daniel Bryan, and Sheamus.
 They are currently produced by Mattel.
 Formerly produced by jakks there are 2 types off figures elite and basic.Basic are normal figures and elites come with shirts, weapons , and hats .
They also have more jointing
