St. John the Baptist Church is a Mediaeval (11th century) Church in Edlingham, Alnwick, Northumberland, England.
 The church is mostly Norman, from two periods, the late 11th - early 12th Century and late 12th century.
 The chancel arch and the south porch, with its rare Norman tunnel vault, are late 11th century, and the north aisle arcade is from the late 12th century.
 The columns are circular and the capitals are scalloped with bands of nail-head.
 The defensible west tower may also have begun in the late 12th Century, but completed later.
Benveniste, is the surname, byname (see below - the origin of the name) in an old, noble, rich, and scholarly Jewish family of Narbonne, France and northern Spain from the 11th century.
 The family was present in the 11th to the 15th centuries in Provence, France, Barcelona, Aragon and Castile' Spain.
 Family members received honorary titles from the authorities and were members of the administration of the kingdom of Aragon and Castile.
 They were the Baillie ("Bayle") - the Tax Officer and Treasurer, Alfaquim - Senior Advisor to the King and Royal Physician in Barcelona and Aragon in the 12th and 13th centuries.
 They held the title of "Nasi" (prince in Hebrew), a name given to members of the House of David, in the Jewish communities (mainly Barcelona) and were prominent religious and secular leaders in the 11th to the 14th centuries.
 In the 14th to the 15th century they held the titles of "Benveniste de la Cavalleria"—"of the knights" (a name given by the Templars to their treasurers and tax collectors) and Don—a noble person in Aragon and Castile.
 After the expulsion of the Jews from Spain in 1492 they were dispersed mainly to Portugal, Greece - Salonica other parts of the Turkish Empire and North African countries.
 In Portugal they were forced to convert to Christianity in 1497 and became one of the rich traders and bankers (the Mendes family) of Europe.
 Today the name is borne by families in Europe, the Americas, Asia and Israel.
 It was also used as a prænomen.
Prince Michael of Prussia (22 March 1940 – 3 April 2014) was a member of the Hohenzollern dynasty which ruled Germany until the end of World War I.
 His great-grandfather William II was the German Emperor and King of Prussia until 1918.
 Although "Kaiser Wilhelm" died in exile and his family was stripped of much of its wealth and recognition of its rank and titles by the German Republic, he spent nearly all of his life in Germany.
The House of Hohenzollern ] is a dynasty of former princes, electors, kings and emperors of Hohenzollern, Brandenburg, Prussia, the German Empire, and Romania.
 The family arose in the area around the town of Hechingen in Swabia during the 11th century and took their name from Hohenzollern Castle.
 The first ancestor of the Hohenzollerns was mentioned in 1061.
Prince Michael of Yugoslavia, also known as Michel de Yougoslavie, (Michael Nicolas Paul George Maria; born 18 June 1958 in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine, Île-de-France, France) is an investment executive, socialite and philanthropist.
 He was formerly a real estate broker.
 Prince Michael is a member of the House of Karađorđević and a Prince of Yugoslavia as a patrilineal descendant of Alexander Karađorđević, Prince of Serbia.
Klevan Castle (Клеванський замок) is one of the oldest forts in Volynia, Ukraine.
 It was built in the mid-15th century by Prince Michael Chortoryisky in order to control a ford over the Stubla River.
 Klevan was the main seat of the Orthodox princely house of Chortoryisk until its members converted to Catholicism in the 17th century.
 After that the castle was given to a Jesuit school.
 After the partitions of Poland the castle was confiscated by the Habsburgs, and stood untenanted.
 Its western wall was pulled down in the 19th century.
 The remaining portions include two towers, three fortified buildings, and a high four-arched bridge leading to the main gate.
The monarchs of Prussia were members of the House of Hohenzollern who were the hereditary rulers of the former German state of Prussia from its founding in 1525 as the Duchy of Prussia.
 The Duchy had evolved out of the Teutonic Order, a Roman Catholic crusader state and theocracy located along the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea.
 The Teutonic Knights were under the leadership of a Grand Master, the last of whom, Albert, converted to Protestantism and secularized the lands, which then became the Duchy of Prussia.
 The Duchy was initially a vassal of the Kingdom of Poland, as a result of the terms of the Prussian Homage whereby Albert was granted the Duchy as part of the terms of peace following the Prussian War.
 When the main line of Prussian Hohenzollerns died out in 1618, the Duchy passed to a different branch of the family, who also reigned as Electors of Brandenburg in the Holy Roman Empire.
 While still nominally two different territories, Prussia under the suzerainty of Poland and Brandenburg under the suzerainty of the Holy Roman Empire, the two states are known together historiographically as Brandenburg-Prussia.
 Following the Second Northern War, a series of treaties freed the Duchy of Prussia from any vassalage to any other state, making it a fully sovereign Duchy in its own right.
 This complex situation (where the Hohenzollern ruler of the independent Duchy of Prussia was also a subject of the Holy Roman Emperor as Elector of Brandenburg) laid the eventual groundwork for the establishment of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701.
 For diplomatic reasons, the rulers of the state were known as the King in Prussia from 1701 to 1772; largely because they still owed fealty to the Emperor as Electors of Brandenburg, the "King in Prussia" title (as opposed to "King of Prussia") avoided offending the Emperor.
 As the Prussian state grew through several wars and diplomatic moves throughout the 18th century, it became apparent that Prussia had become a Great Power that did not need to submit meekly to the Holy Roman Empire.
 By 1772, the pretense was dropped, and the style "King of Prussia" was adopted.
 Thus it remained until 1871, when in the aftermath of the Franco-Prussian War, the King of Prussia Wilhelm I was crowned German Emperor.
 From that point forward, though the Kingdom of Prussia retained its status as a constituent state of the German Empire, all remaining Kings of Prussia also served as German Emperor, and that title took precedence.
The County of Luxemburg (French: "Luxembourg" , Luxembourgish: "Lëtzebuerg" ) was a State of the Holy Roman Empire.
 It arose from medieval Lucilinburhuc ("""Little Fortress") Castle in the present-day City of Luxembourg, purchased by Count Siegfried in 963.
 His descendants of the Ardennes-Verdun dynasty ("Wigeriche") began to call themselves Counts of Luxembourg from the 11th century onwards.
 The House of Luxembourg, a cadet branch of the Dukes of Limburg, became one of the most important political forces of the 14th century, contending with the House of Habsburg for supremacy in Central Europe.
Prussian nationalism was the nationalism asserted that Prussians were a nation and promoted the cultural unity of Prussians.
 Prussian nationalism arose as a result of the state-building by the Hohenzollern dynasty that was initiated with the merger of Brandenburg with East Prussia in the 16th century followed later by the incorporation of West Prussia, Pomerania, Silesia, and large portions of the Rhineland and Westphalia by the 19th century.
 Prussian nationalism has ceased with Prussia becoming non-existent in post-World War II period.
Kecharis (Armenian: Կեչառիս ), is a medieval Armenian monastic complex dating back to the 11th to 13th centuries, located 60 km from Yerevan, in the ski resort town of Tsakhkadzor in Armenia.
 Nestled in the Bambak mountains, Kecharis was founded by a Pahlavuni prince in the 11th century, and construction continued until the middle of the 13th century.
 In the 12th and 13th centuries, Kecharis was a major religious center of Armenia and a place of higher education.
 Today, the monastery has been fully restored and is clearly visible from the ski slopes.
