Matuzalém Francelino da Silva, commonly known as just Matuzalém (born 10 June 1980), is a Brazilian footballer who last played as a midfielder for Miami FC.
 He is an offensive playmaking midfielder known for his passing, creativity, and technique, which earned him the nickname "The Professor".
 His usual position is that of a central midfielder, although he is also capable of playing as an attacking midfielder, or as a left midfielder.
Josip Skoko (born 10 December 1975) is a former Australian footballer who played as a central midfielder for North Geelong Warriors, Hajduk Split, Genk, Gençlerbirliği, Wigan Athletic, Stoke City and Melbourne Heart.
 Skoko has been described as a central midfielder with "superb on-ball ability, inch perfect passing, and his ability to turn defence to attack in an instant."
Luka Modrić (] ; born 9 September 1985) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid and captains the Croatia national team.
 Modrić plays mainly as a central midfielder but can also play as an attacking midfielder or as a defensive midfielder, usually deployed as a deep-lying playmaker.
Muhammad Khairu Azrin bin Khazali (born 13 July 1991) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Malaysian club PKNS in Liga Super.
 Khairu Azrin mainly plays as a defensive midfielder but can also play as an attacking midfielder and central midfielder.
Ervin Bulku (] , born 3 March 1981) is an Albanian retired footballer and current assistant manager of Albania national team.
 He was an Utility player and played in many positions such as Central midfielder, Defensive midfielder, Right Midfielder and even Right Defender for the Albania national team in years 2002–2015 and in the club level with Tirana where he started and ended his career after playing for various club outside such as Kryvbas in Ukraine, Hajduk Split in Croatia, AZAL Baku in Azerbaijan and Sepahan in Iran.
Suleyman Ali "Sulley" Muntari (born 27 August 1984) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder, most recently for Italian club Pescara.
Muhammad Adil Iqbal (Urdu: ‎ ; born 9 July 1992) is a Pakistani footballer who plays as a midfielder for Shoro Top League club Dordoi Bishkek and the Pakistan national team.
 A right-footed player, he usually plays as central midfielder.
 Earlier in his career he primarily played as a wide midfielder.
 Adil is known for his dribbling skills, speed, crossing ability and his accurate right foot long-range shots from the centre of midfield.
Bastian Schweinsteiger (] ; born 1 August 1984) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Major League Soccer club Chicago Fire.
 A right-footed player, he usually plays as central midfielder.
 Earlier in his career, he primarily played as a wide midfielder.
Mateo Kovačić (] ; born 6 May 1994) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Croatia national team.
 Kovačić is usually deployed as a central midfielder or deep-lying playmaker, but he is considered to be a versatile midfielder, having played in different positions and adapted to playing either wide on the left or as an attacking midfielder.
Sulley Ali Sariki Muniru (born 25 October 1992) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
 He is the younger brother of former Inter Milan and A.C. Milan player Sulley Muntari.
