Winnie the Pooh: A Valentine for You is a Valentine's Day special based on the Disney television series "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" as well as A. A. Milne's treasured stories, originally broadcast on February 13, 1999.
 This is the final role of Paul Winchell as Tigger (besides his performance as Tigger for the Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh attraction at Walt Disney World Resort) before his retirement from the role in the same year and his death six years later.
 It was released on VHS in 2000 and 2001 also released on DVD in 2004 and 2010.
Gopher is a fictional grey anthropomorphic gopher, character who first appeared in the 1966 Disney animated film "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree", introducing himself as Samuel J. Gopher.
 He has a habit of whistling out his sibilant consonants, one of various traits he has in common with the beaver in "Lady and the Tramp", by whom he may have been inspired.
 While he never made appearances in any episodes of "Welcome to Pooh Corner", Gopher was fleshed out a bit further in the television series "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
 He is portrayed as generally hard-working, especially in his tunnels (which he inevitably falls into at least once).
 He does not appear in the original books Winnie the Pooh and The House at Pooh Corner by A. A. Milne until 1966 (a fact that is regularly pointed out in "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree", when he breaks the fourth wall by saying he's "not in the book, y'know", also trying to say that he would not be in a phone book).
 Gopher's voice was originally done by Howard Morris, who retired from the role and was replaced by Michael Gough.
The Wild Pony is a made for pay-TV movie produced in 1983 by Kevin Sullivan ("Anne of Green Gables") and Eda Lishman.
 Sullivan and Lishman also co-wrote the screenplay based on the book "The Year of the Black Pony" by American author Walt Morey.
 "The Wild Pony" has the distinction of being the first example of a Canadian film produced specifically for pay-TV.
 The film, directed by Kevin Sullivan and starring Canadian Actors Marilyn Lightstone, Art Hindle and Josh Byrne, was filmed in Calgary, Alberta against the backdrop of the Canadian Rockies.
"The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers" is the theme song and personal anthem of Tigger, a fictional tiger from the children's book series Winnie-the-Pooh.
 Although Tigger's birthday is believed to be in October 1928, the year that "The House at Pooh Corner" was first published, on Tigger-related merchandise, Disney often indicates Tigger's birth year as 1968, a reference to the first year that Tigger appeared in a Disney production, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 That was also the same instance when Tigger first sang this song.
 The song is repeated in Disney's 1974 release "Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too!
", The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh ride and then again in the 1977 release "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
 "The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers" opens up the 2000 release of "The Tigger Movie".
 In 1974, Paul Winchell earned a Grammy for his rendition of the song.
"Little Black Rain Cloud" is a song from the 1966 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree".
 An instrumental version is played in the next featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 The song was also subsequently incorporated into the 1977 musical film, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of the three previous Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Honey Tree".
 In the song Winnie the Pooh comments about the on-screen actions where he is pretending to be a "Little Black Rain Cloud", as the title implies.
 It's Pooh's hope that the Honey Bees will not notice him as he approaches their coveted honey.
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is a 1968 animated featurette based on the third, fifth, ninth, and tenth chapters from "Winnie-the-Pooh" and the second, eighth, and ninth chapters from "The House at Pooh Corner" by A. A. Milne.
 The featurette was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution Company on December 20, 1968 as a double feature with "The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit".
 This was the second of the studio's Winnie the Pooh shorts.
 It was later added as a segment to the 1977 film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
 The music was written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
 It was notable for being the last animated short produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production.
Pony Penning is an annual event held in Chincoteague, Virginia on the last consecutive Wednesday and Thursday in July.
 The Chincoteague Volunteer Fire Department conducts the event and it consists of a Wild Pony Swim on Wednesday and a Pony Auction on Thursday.
 For the Wild Pony Swim, Salt Water Cowboys round up feral Chincoteague Ponies from Assateague Island and drive them across the Assateague Channel to Veteran’s Memorial Park on Chincoteague Island.
 The ponies swim across the channel during slack tide, when the water has minimal tidal movement.
 Once on Chincoteague Island, the salt water cowboys herd the ponies to pens on the Chincoteague Carnival Grounds where some of the foals are auctioned off on Thursday.
"Up, Down and Touch the Ground" is a song from the 1966 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree".
 The song was also subsequently incorporated into the 1977 musical film, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of the three previous Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "The Honey Tree".
 In the song Winnie the Pooh's exercise makes him hungry, and although he over-eats (it leads to his stuck-in-Rabbit's door incident later in the film), he is proud of his fat stomach and he exercises to gain weight and grow even rounder.
 Halfway through the song however, he bends down too far, accidentally ripping the stitching on his bottom as a result of becoming fat, but upon seeing his bottom in the mirror, he quickly ties it together again.
 By the end of the song Pooh has rationalized his over-eating by calling his hunger, "healthy".
"Winnie the Pooh" is the title song for the franchise of the same name.
 It is musically emblematic of the most successful branding Disney currently owns and has been used in most merchandising models of the brand since the song's first publication in 1966 in the musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree".
 In film, the song is generally utilized in the title sequence.
 The lyric gives an overview of the characters and the roles each plays in relation to Pooh himself.
 The song has been used in every theatrically released Pooh film as well as most of the television series.
 The songwriters are the Sherman Brothers, who have written the grand majority of Winnie the Pooh songs and musical numbers since 1966.
 It is unknown who performed the song.
 The song was also performed by Carly Simon.
 A music video was released for this version and it was included in "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" DVD.
"The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down" is a narrative song from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".
 The song is also incorporated into the 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Blustery Day".
 The song was written by the Sherman Brothers who have written most of the music for the Winnie-the-Pooh franchise over the many years.
 It was sung by an unidentified off-screen chorus with occasional lines sung by veteran character actor Sterling Holloway who provided the voice of Pooh.
