"Ran Off On Da Plug Twice" (originally titled "Ritz Carlton") is a song by American hip hop recording artist Plies.
 It was released on January 29, 2016 by Big Gates Records, Slip-n-Slide Records and Atlantic Records, as a single from his mixtape "Ain't No Mixtape Bih 2".
 This song was produced by DTSpacely.
"On Everything" is a song by American musician DJ Khaled featuring American rappers Travis Scott, Rick Ross and Big Sean.
 It appeared on Khaled's tenth studio album, "Grateful" (2017).
 The song was written by DJ Khaled, Travis Scott, Rick Ross, Big Sean and Danja, the latter also co-produced it with Khaled.
 The song contains a recurring sample of "Under the Sun" by Mark Pritchard.
Anthony Leedel Norris (born February 11, 1990) is an American hip hop record producer and songwriter, professionally known as Lee On the Beats.
 Lee has produced for artists such as Lil Wayne, DJ Khaled, Kid Ink, Ace Hood, French Montana, Rick Ross, Meek Mill and Freeway, among others.
 In 2013, Lee was signed to DJ Khaled's We the Best Music Group.
 He is best known for producing French Montana’s “Pop That” and co-producing Khaled’s “Hold You Down (DJ Khaled song)” alongside production partner Bkorn.
Algernod Lanier Washington (born July 1, 1976), better known by his stage name Plies, is an American hip hop recording artist.
 He is the founder of Big Gates Records.
 Born in Fort Myers, Florida, Washington was a wide receiver on the football team of Miami University in Ohio in 1996 and 1997 before he became a rapper.
 After dropping out of college, he founded Big Gates with his stepbrother.
 Signed to Slip-n-Slide Records, from 2007 to 2008 he released three albums.
 Plies debuted in 2007 with "The Real Testament" with successful singles "Shawty" and "Hypnotized".
 Plies also released two albums in 2008, "Definition of Real" and "Da REAList", and later released "Goon Affiliated" in 2010.
We the Best is the second studio album by Miami-based DJ and fellow Terror Squad member DJ Khaled.
 It was released on June 12, 2007, by Terror Squad Entertainment, distributed by Koch Records.
 DJ Khaled alongside fellow rapper Fat Joe and Allah, collectively handled as the executive producers on this album.
 The album was produced by Cool & Dre, Jim Jonsin, The Diaz Brothers and The Runners; as well as the guest appearances from Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Trina, Paul Wall and Bun B, among others.
"Holy Key" is a single by American musician DJ Khaled, featuring American rappers Big Sean, Kendrick Lamar and American singer Betty Wright.
 It was released on July 22, 2016 by We the Best Music Group and Epic Records as the third single of DJ Khaled's ninth studio album, "Major Key".
 The song was produced by Edsclusive with co-production by Cool & Dre.
"I Got the Keys" is a single by American musician DJ Khaled, featuring American rappers Jay-Z and Future.
 It was released on July 4, 2016 by We the Best Music Group and Epic Records as the second single of DJ Khaled's ninth studio album, "Major Key".
 The song was produced by Southside with co-production by Jake One and G Koop.
 The song was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in December 2016, for selling over 1,000,000 digital copies in the United States.
"Hold You Down" is the second single by DJ Khaled, featuring Chris Brown, August Alsina, Future and Jeremih from Khaled's eighth studio album "I Changed a Lot".
 The track topped the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart and is August Alsina's first top 40 entry as well as DJ Khaled's seventh.
The Monarch is a grammy nominated music production duo originally from Orlando, Florida, consisting of Andre "Dre" Davidson and Sean "Sean D" Davidson.
 Currently residing in Los Angeles, they are best known for producing "All Eyes On You" by Meek Mill and Nicki Minaj, "Take It to the Head" by DJ Khaled, as well as How We Do (Party) by Rita Ora, and Cher Lloyd's debut single Swagger Jagger which both debuted at #1 on the UK Singles Chart The Monarch has also produced several other songs including "Kiss and Tell" by Justin Bieber, "What I Do" by Chris Brown featuring Plies, "Thinkin' About You" by Mario, "Out The Mud" by Kevin Gates, "We On" by Ace Hood, "Biggest Fan" by Chris Brown, "Him" by Tamia, "Take It to the Head" by DJ Khaled featuring Chris Brown, Rick Ross, Nicki Minaj & Lil Wayne, "Piss Em Off" by Ace Hood and "Lay Back" by Rick Ross featuring Robin Thicke
Lady is the stage name of Shameka Shanta Brown (born July 31, 1989), an American rapper.
 She was signed to rapper Plies' record label Big Gates Records on April 1, 2010.
 She has released three albums.
 Lady's songs have been featured on TV shows including "Girls", "Ray Donovan", and "Skins".
