The France national football team (French: "Equipe de France" ) represents the nation of France in international association football.
 It is fielded by the French Football Federation (FFF) (French: "Fédération Française de Football" ) and competes as a member of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA).
 The team played its first official international match on 1 May 1904 against Belgium.
 Since its first competitive match, more than 800 players have made at least one international appearance for the team.
 Of them, 105 have served as captain of the national team.
 This list contains football players who have served as captain of the French national team and is listed according to their number of matches captained.
The France national under-16 football team is the national under-16 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation.
 The team previously competed in the annual UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship before it was converted into an under-17 competition in 2002.
 The under-16 team competes in regional tournaments, such as the Tournoi de Val-de-Marne and the Montaigu Tournament and international tournaments, such as the Aegean Cup in Turkey.
 France are currently the five-time defending champions of the Aegean Cup.
The France national football team (French: "Equipe de France" ) represents the nation of France in international association football.
 It is fielded by the French Football Federation (French: "Fédération Française de Football" ), the governing body of football in France, and competes as a member of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA), which encompasses the countries of Europe.
 The team played its first official international match on 1 May 1904 against Belgium.
 Since its first competitive match, more than 800 players have made at least one international appearance for the team, only players with 20 or more offici Jean Ducret became the first French international to reach 20 caps, doing so on 29 March in a 2–0 defeat to Italy.
 He was also one of the first permanent captains of the national team.
 Ducret was later surpassed by defender Raymond Dubly and goalkeeper Pierre Chayriguès, who both played with the national team until 1925.
 Dubly finished his international career with 31 caps.
 Three years after retiring from the national team, Dubly's amount was exceeded by Jules Dewaquez, who went on to finish his career with 41 appearances.
 Dewaquez's record stood for nearly a decade before his amount was equaled by Edmond Delfour in 1938 and later surmounted by Étienne Mattler a year later.
 Similar to Dubly, Mattler's amount was exceeded, however after two decades, by former Stade de Reims defenders Roger Marche and Robert Jonquet.
 It was the former player who took over the record outperforming Jonquet by just five caps.
 Marche's 63 appearances remained the France national team record for appearance-making for 24 years, the longest time between the record being broken and set again.
 Marche was surpassed by Marius Trésor, who set the record after appearing in an October 1983 friendly match against Spain.
The France national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation.
 The team competes in the annual UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
 They were the 2010 champions of the competition having won on home soil.
 The under-19 team also contests the qualification matches needed to play in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, though the competition is classified as an under-20 tournament.
The France national under-20 football team represents France in association football at this age level and is controlled by the French Football Federation.
 Since there is no under-20 UEFA tournament, the team competes for the FIFA U-20 World Cup.
 The under-20 team also participates in the Toulon Tournament, usually replacing the under-21 team, and in the football tournaments of the Mediterranean Games and the Jeux de la Francophonie.
The French football champions are the winners of the highest league of football in France, Ligue 1.
 Since the National Council of the French Football Federation voted in support of professionalism in French football in 1930, the professional football championship of France has been contested through Ligue 1, formerly known as Division 1 from 1933–2002.
 Prior to this, the first division championship of French football was contested through a league ran by the Union des Sociétés Françaises de Sports Athlétiques (USFSA), an organization that supported amateur sport.
 The USFSA's league ran from 1894–1919 and awarded 22 league titles before being suspended in 1915 due to World War I and the creation and success of the Coupe de France, which had quickly become the country's national competition.
 The USFSA returned in 1919 changing the league into numerous regional amateur leagues that awarded no league title.
 This system lasted from 1919–1926.
 In 1926, the first division's reigns were handed over to the French Football Federation.
 The federation organized and ran a league composed of the regional amateur league champions called the Championnat de France amateur from 1927–1929 and awarded three titles before the league was converted to the professional league that exists today in 1932.
This list of France national football team records contains statistical accomplishments related to the France national football team (French: "Equipe de France" ), its players, and its managers.
 The France national team represents the nation of France in international football.
 It is fielded by the French Football Federation (French: "Fédération Française de Football" ) and competes as a member of UEFA.
Gérard Houllier, OBE (] ; born 3 September 1947) is a French football manager and former player.
 His past clubs include Paris Saint-Germain, Lens and Liverpool, with whom he won the FA Cup, League Cup and UEFA Cup in 2001.
 He then guided Olympique Lyonnais to two French titles, before announcing his resignation on 25 May 2007.
 He became manager of Aston Villa in September 2010.
 He also coached the France national team between 1992 and 1993.
 He assisted Aimé Jacquet in the FIFA World Cup 1998, was part of UEFA's and FIFA's Technical Committee in the 2002 and 2006 World Cup finals, and technical director for the French Football Federation during the 2010 finals.
 In June 2011, he stepped down from club coaching, leaving his managerial role at Aston Villa, following frequent hospitalisation over heart problems.
The France national under-21 football team (French: "Equipe de France Espoirs" ), known in France as Les Espoirs (] , "The Hopes"), is the national under-21 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation.
 The team competes in the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, held every two years.
 The team was previously coached by former Toulouse manager Erick Mombaerts, however, following the team's failure to qualify for the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship in October 2012, he agreed to leave the position.
The France national football team manager was first established on 25 April 1964 following the appointment of the country's first national team manager Henri Guérin.
 Before this, the France national team was selected by a selection committee, a process in which the French Football Federation would select coaches and trainers from within the country or abroad to prepare the side for single games and tournaments, but with all decisions ultimately remaining under the control of the committee.
 From 1904–1913, the USFSA headed the committee, which was referred to as the "Commission Centrale d'Association".
 The committee was controlled by André Espir and André Billy and featured little to no physical preparation for upcoming matches.
 In 1913, the "Comité Français Interfédéral", a precursor to the French Football Federation, took over the committee following the USFSA becoming affiliated with the organization and secretary general Henri Delaunay took control.
