Britain's Next Top Model, cycle 11 is the eleventh cycle of "Britain's Next Top Model".
 The cycle began to air on 16 March 2017.
 Abbey Clancy returned as host alongside Paul Sculfor, Nicky Johnston and Hilary Alexander as the judging panel.
Britain's Next Top Model, cycle 12 is the twelveth cycle of "Britain's Next Top Model".
 The cycle will begin airing on 19 October 2017.
 Abbey Clancy returned as host alongside Nicky Johnston back to be a judge and Max Rogers first time joined.
Sean Thomas Clancy (born 16 September 1987) is an English footballer who plays as either a left back or left midfielder.
 He is the brother of model Abbey Clancy, who is married to fellow footballer Peter Crouch.
IFK Hässleholm is a Swedish football club from Hässleholm that was established in 1905.
 The team is currently playing in Division 2 Östra Götaland.
 Several well known players have played at the club including England international striker Peter Crouch as well as Swedish footballers Jon Jönsson, Andreas Dahl, and Tobias Linderoth.
 In recent years the club has played in Division 2, which is the fourth tier of the Swedish football league system.
 However, the club has played in second tier football (Division 1 Södra and Division 2 Södra) in 1972–1974, 1975–81, 1987–1988, and 1992–1998.
Abigail Marie "Abbey" Clancy (born 10 January 1986) is an English lingerie and catwalk model and television presenter.
 She is married to footballer Peter Crouch, was the runner-up of "Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 2" and won series 11 of "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2013.
Ian Ormondroyd (born 22 September 1964 in Bradford, Yorkshire) is an English retired footballer.
 Ormondroyd became famous for his height and build, similar manner to that of Peter Crouch.
Westminster Abbey, formally titled the Collegiate Church of St Peter at Westminster, is a large, mainly Gothic abbey church in the City of Westminster, London, just to the west of the Palace of Westminster.
 It is one of the United Kingdom's most notable religious buildings and the traditional place of coronation and burial site for English and, later, British monarchs.
 Between 1540 and 1556, the abbey had the status of a cathedral.
 Since 1560, the building is no longer an abbey nor a cathedral, having instead the status of a Church of England "Royal Peculiar"—a church responsible directly to the sovereign.
 The building itself is the original abbey church.
Jasmia Tyshier Robinson (born 21 April 1987) is a model and singer.
 Robinson came 3rd in the second series of Britain's Next Top Model which also featured Abbey Clancy.
 Robinson has worked with the likes of L’Oreal, Sensationnel and Burberry.
 Robinson is now developing a music career and writes for NXG Magazine with a regular feature.
 After that, Robinson joined the eighteenth cycle of ANTM, but she was eliminated first or "14th place", Tyra noted she wasn't strong in ANTM but strong in BNTM.
Jon Jönsson (born July 8, 1983) is a Swedish football player who plays for IF Elfsborg in the Swedish Allsvenskan.
 Jönsson made his first team debut in IFK Hässleholm aged 15, and his talent was recognised by Tottenham Hotspur who brought him to London.
 In return IFK Hässleholm received roughly £70,000 and two players to play one season on loan, Alton Thelwell and Peter Crouch.
Clones Abbey is a ruined monastery that later became an Augustinian abbey in the twelfth century, and its main sights are ecclesiastical.
 The Abbey was formerly known as St. Tighernach Abbey, and was referred to locally as the "wee abbey".
 Parochial and monastic settlements were separated, and it seems likely that the building became the Abbey of St. Peter and Paul.
