Renzo Gracie ( ; ] ; born March 11, 1967) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
 A member of the Gracie family of Brazil, Renzo is a 6th Degree Black in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Carlos Gracie Jr..
 He is the son of Robson Gracie, grandson of Carlos Gracie, nephew of Carlos Gracie, Jr. grandnephew of Helio Gracie, and the 1st cousin once removed of Royce Gracie.
 In mixed martial arts, Renzo has competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Pride Fighting Championships, K-1, RINGS, and International Fight League (head-coaching the New York Pitbulls).
 He holds notable victories over five former UFC Champions: Frank Shamrock (UFC Light Heavyweight Champion), Carlos Newton (UFC Welterweight Champion), Pat Miletich (UFC Welterweight Champion), Maurice Smith (UFC Heavyweight Champion), and Oleg Taktarov (UFC 6 Tournament Winner)
Kazushi Sakuraba (桜庭 和志 , Sakuraba Kazushi , born July 14, 1969) is a Japanese mixed martial artist and professional wrestler, currently signed to Rizin Fighting Federation.
 He has competed in traditional puroresu for New Japan Pro Wrestling and shoot-style competition for UWFi and Kingdom Pro Wrestling.
 He has fought in MMA competition in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Pride Fighting Championships, Hero's and Dream.
 He is known as the "Gracie Hunter" or the "Gracie Killer" due to his wins over four members of the famed Gracie family: Royler Gracie, Renzo Gracie, Ryan Gracie, and Royce Gracie.
 In particular, Sakuraba is famous for his initial fight with Royce, which lasted ninety minutes.
Daniel "Gracie" Simões, a native of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is a practitioner of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), mixed martial arts and professional wrestler.
 He is cousin to Renzo Gracie, Ralph Gracie, Charles Gracie and Ryan Gracie.
Renzo Gracie Academy is a martial arts school headed by Renzo Gracie, located in Midtown Manhattan.
Renato da Cunha Sobral (] ; born September 7, 1975), also known as "Babalu", is a retired Brazilian wrestler and mixed martial artist, and former Strikeforce Light Heavyweight Champion.
 Sobral previously fought in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, where he posted a 6–4 record and has also competed for Bellator, RINGS, Jungle Fight, Cage Rage, Affliction, and ONE FC.
 He is the Head Instructor of Babalu's Iron Gym Cerritos and has a Luta Livre black belt.
 He is also a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Carlos Gracie Jr.
 In his prime he was considered one of the top fighters in the world and defeated the likes of former Welterweight UFC Champion Robbie Lawler, former Light Heavyweight UFC Champion Shogun Rua, former Heavyweight UFC Champion Maurice Smith, along with former title contenders Chael Sonnen, Elvis Sinosic, and Jeremy Horn.
Ralph Gracie (the Pitbull; born May 25, 1971) is a Brazilian martial artist who has competed in mixed martial arts.
 He is the son of Robson Gracie and brother to Charles Gracie, Renzo Gracie and the late Ryan Gracie of the Gracie family.
Carlos Robson Gracie (] ; born 1935; often referred to simply as Robson Gracie) is the 2nd son of Carlos Gracie, the founder of the first Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school, which was later turned into "Gracie Jiu-Jitsu" by his younger brother Helio Gracie.
 He is a second generation member of the Gracie family.
 Gracie is a 9th degree red belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, affording him the title of Grandmaster.
 He is the father of several children including, Renzo Gracie, Keila Gracie, Charles Gracie, Ralph Gracie, Robson Gracie Jr. and the late Ryan Gracie.
 He is also the grandfather of Georgia Gracie and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belts Kyra Gracie and Neiman Gracie.
 He is the great grandfather of Nickolai Gracie, a baby black belt.
Gunnar Lúðvík Nelson (born 28 July 1988) is an Icelandic mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
 He is a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, which was awarded by Renzo Gracie after impressive results at the 2009 IBJJF Pan-Ams and the 2009 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship.
 He is currently ranked #11 in the official UFC Welterweight rankings.
 Gunnar is a teammate of fellow UFC fighter and Lightweight Champion Conor McGregor, and is a member of Mjölnir gym in Iceland, and SBG Ireland.
Renzo Gracie: Legacy is a 2008 documentary film about Brazilian jiu jitsu pioneer Renzo Gracie, directed by Gethin Aldous and written by Aldous, Steve Allen and Adrian Miller.
 Shot over a ten-year period, it shows the origins of the sport of Mixed martial arts from its bare knuckle days to the explosion of the sport in both Japan and America.
Roger Gracie Gomes (born September 26, 1981) is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist.
 A member of the Gracie family, he is the son of Reila Gracie (daughter of Carlos Gracie) and Mauricio Motta Gomes.
 Roger was awarded his black belt by his cousin Renzo Gracie at the behest of Carlos Gracie, Jr. whilst training in New York in 2003.
 He is currently a third degree black belt.
 Roger Gracie is the founder and head instructor at The Roger Gracie Academy located in Kensington, London, England.
 Notable Black belt promotions include Raymond Stevens (judoka), Nick Gregoriades & Kywan Gracie Behring.
 Roger is also an active mixed martial arts competitor and is the current ONE World Cruiserweight Champion.
