St Vincents Hall, Grantham, is a Gothic Revival mansion built in 1868 for the industrialist Richard Hornsby who founded Richard Hornsby & Sons, engine and machinery manufacturer.
Richard Newsham (died 1743) was an English inventor.
 He took out 2 patents for fire engines in 1721 and 1725 (Royal Patent Office 1721 patent #439 and 1725 patent #479) and soon dominated the fire engine market in England.
 The engine had two single-acting pistons and an air vessel placed in a tank which formed the frame of the machine.
 The pump was worked by people at the long cross handles.
 At the front of the engine, protected by a sheet of horn and a door, were directions for keeping the machine in order.
 The cistern could hold about 170 USgal of water pumping up to 100 USgal a minute.
 New York City imported its first two fire engines from Newsham in 1731.
 In 1737 Newsham made a manual fire pump for the Parish of Bray in Berkshire.
Richard Hornsby & Sons was an engine and machinery manufacturer in Lincolnshire, England from 1828 until 1918.
 The company was a pioneer in the manufacture of the oil engine developed by Herbert Akroyd Stuart, which was marketed under the "Hornsby-Akroyd" name.
 The company developed an early track system for vehicles, selling the patent to Holt & Co. (predecessor to Caterpillar Inc.) in America.
 In 1918, Richard Hornsby & Sons became a subsidiary of the neighbouring engineering firm Rustons of Lincoln, to create "Ruston & Hornsby".
The Associated British Oil Engine Company (ABOE) was a British engineering company.
 It started life as a combine, similar to Agricultural & General Engineers.
 Petters Limited joined ABOE in 1937.
 J&H McLaren & Co. was sold to ABOE in 1943, although it may have been a member from an earlier date.
 In 1945 Mirrlees, Bickerton and Day joined the group followed by the National Gas and Oil Engine company in 1950.
Timothy Richard Hornsby CBE (born 22 September 1940) is British.
 He is Chairman of the Horniman Museum 2004–present.
 He is the son of Harker William Hornsby
The crude oil engine is a type of internal combustion engine similar to the hot bulb engine.
 A crude oil engine could be driven by all sorts of oils such as engine waste oil and vegetable oils.
 Even peanut oil and butter could be used as fuel if necessary.
 Like hot bulb engines, crude oil engines were mostly used as stationary engines or in boats.
 They can run for a very long time; for instance, at the world fair in Milan in 1906, a FRAM engine was started and ran until the exhibition was over one month later.
 A crude oil engine is a low RPM engine dimensioned for constant running and can last for a very long time if maintained properly.
 It was later replaced by the diesel engine.
An oil engine is an internal combustion engine that is powered by the burning of fuel oil, as opposed to external combustion engines, such as steam engine.
 The term usually refers to low compression engines, so the diesel engine is usually not included.
Richard Hornsby Elsham in Lincolnshire 4 June 1790 - 1864.
was an inventor and founder of a major agricultural machinery firm that developed steam engines.
 His firm also developed early diesels and caterpillar tracks.
 He lived with a farming family, the son of William Hornsby and his wife Sarah.
Herbert Akroyd-Stuart (28 January 1864, Halifax, Yorkshire, England – 19 February 1927, Halifax) was an English inventor who is noted for his invention of the hot bulb engine, or heavy oil engine.
Mount Hornsby ( ) is a prominent snow-capped mountain on the south side of the middle reaches of Sjogren Glacier, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.
 It was mapped from surveys by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (1960–61), and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Richard Hornsby & Sons of Grantham, who designed and constructed several highly successful chain-track vehicles for the British War Office, the first "caterpillar tractors," in the years 1904–10.
