The 2013 Birthday Honours were appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
 The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June.
 The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in the United Kingdom, on 10 June 2013 in Australia on 3 June 2013 in New Zealand, on 15 June 2013 in Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia and Belize.
The 2014 Birthday Honours were appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
 The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June.
 The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in the United Kingdom, on 9 June 2014 in Australia, on 2 June 2014 in New Zealand, on 14 June 2014 in Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia and Belize.
King's/Queen's Birthday Honours is, in some Commonwealth realms, the marking of the reigning monarch's official birthday by granting various individuals appointment into national or dynastic orders or the award of decorations and medals.
 The honours are presented by the monarch or a viceregal representative.
 New Year Honours and Birthday Honours are bestowed each year.
 All royal honours are published in the relevant gazette, and the daily newspapers of each realm.
The 1925 Birthday Honours were appointments by King George V to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of the British Empire.
 The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of The King, and were published in "The London Gazette" on 3 June 1925.
Captain Sir Joseph Henry Greer {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (1 February 1855 – 25 August 1933) was an Irish soldier, politician, and racing horse owner and breeder.
 He was born in County Tyrone, was educated at Wellington and joined the 7th Highlanders after military college.
 He was appointed as Director of the Irish National Stud in 1915.
 He also became the Aga Khan III's first stud manager.
 He received a knighthood in the 1925 Birthday Honours.
The 2016 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
 The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June.
 The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 6 June 2016 in New Zealand and 10 June in the United Kingdom.
The 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
 The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June.
 The Queen's Birthday Honours for the United Kingdom were announced on 16 June; the honours for New Zealand were announced on 5 June and for Australia on 12 June.
The 2015 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
 The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June.
 The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 1 June 2015 in New Zealand, on 8 June in Australia, and on 12 June in the United Kingdom, in Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia and Belize.
The King's Birthday Honours 1951 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of King George VI to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
 The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of the King, and were published on 1 June 1951 for the British Empire, Australia, New Zealand, Ceylon, and Pakistan.
 These were the last Birthday Honours awarded by George VI, who died eight months later.
The Queen's Birthday Honours 1965 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.
 The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of The Queen.
 The announcement date varies from year to year.
 The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 12 June for the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Sierra Leone, Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago, Malawi, and the Gambia.
