Rift Valley fever (RVF) is a viral disease that can cause mild to severe symptoms.
 The mild symptoms may include: fever, muscle pains, and headaches which often last for up to a week.
 The severe symptoms may include: loss of sight beginning three weeks after the infection, infections of the brain causing severe headaches and confusion, and bleeding together with liver problems which may occur within the first few days.
 Those who have bleeding have a chance of death as high as 50%.
Yellow fever is a viral disease of typically short duration.
 In most cases, symptoms include fever, chills, loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains particularly in the back, and headaches.
 Symptoms typically improve within five days.
 In about 15% of people within a day of improving, the fever comes back, abdominal pain occurs, and liver damage begins causing yellow skin.
 If this occurs, the risk of bleeding and kidney problems is also increased.
Herpes simplex is a viral disease caused by the herpes simplex virus.
 Infections are categorized based on the part of the body infected.
 Oral herpes involves the face or mouth.
 It may result in small blisters in groups often called cold sores or fever blisters or may just cause a sore throat.
 Genital herpes, often simply known as herpes, may have minimal symptoms or form blisters that break open and result in small ulcers.
 These typically heal over two to four weeks.
 Tingling or shooting pains may occur before the blisters appear.
 Herpes cycles between periods of active disease followed by periods without symptoms.
 The first episode is often more severe and may be associated with fever, muscle pains, swollen lymph nodes and headaches.
 Over time, episodes of active disease decrease in frequency and severity.
 Other disorders caused by herpes simplex include: herpetic whitlow when it involves the fingers, herpes of the eye, herpes infection of the brain, and neonatal herpes when it affects a newborn, among others.
Legionnaires' disease is a form of atypical pneumonia caused by any type of "Legionella" bacteria.
 Signs and symptoms include cough, shortness of breath, high fever, muscle pains, and headaches.
 Nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea may also occur.
 This often begins two to ten days after being exposed.
Crimean–Congo hemorrhagic fever (CCHF) is a viral disease.
 Symptoms may include fever, muscle pains, headache, vomiting, diarrhea, and bleeding into the skin.
 Onset of symptoms is less than two weeks following exposure.
 Complications may include liver failure.
 In those who survive, recovery generally occurs around two weeks after onset.
Jembrana disease is an acute viral disease of cattle.
 While it produces relatively mild symptoms in taurine cattle, the Jembrana virus is particularly severe in Bali cattle where it has a fatality rate of approximately seventeen percent.
 Its first documented outbreak occurred in 1964 in the Jembrana district of Bali, Indonesia.
 Within two years of its appearance the disease had killed an estimated 26,000 of the approximately 300,000 cattle on Bali Island.
 The virus belongs to the Lentivirus genus, which include immunodeficiency viruses such as HIV.
 Instead of the chronic disease produced by most Lentivruses, Jembrana disease produces acute effects.
 After an incubation period of 5–12 days the disease produces symptoms including loss of appetite, fever, lethargy, enlargement of the lymph nodes, and diarrhea.
 There is at least one strain that has been sequenced.
West Nile fever is a mosquito-borne infection by the West Nile virus.
 Approximately 80% of West Nile virus infections in humans have few or no symptoms.
 In the cases where symptoms do occur—termed West Nile fever in cases without neurological disease—the time from infection to the appearance of symptoms is typically between 2 and 15 days.
 Symptoms may include fever, headaches, feeling tired, muscle pain or aches, nausea, loss of appetite, vomiting, and rash.
 Less than 1% of the cases are severe and result in neurological disease when the central nervous system is affected.
 People of advanced age, the very young, or those with immunosuppression, either medically induced, such as those taking immunosuppressive drugs, or due to a pre-existing medical condition such as HIV infection, are most susceptible.
 The specific neurological diseases that may occur are West Nile encephalitis, which causes inflammation of the brain, West Nile meningitis, which causes inflammation of the meninges, which are the protective membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord, West Nile meningoencephalitis, which causes inflammation of the brain and also the meninges surrounding it, and West Nile poliomyelitis—spinal cord inflammation, which results in a syndrome similar to polio, which may cause acute flaccid paralysis.
Lassa fever, also known as Lassa hemorrhagic fever (LHF), is a type of viral hemorrhagic fever caused by the Lassa virus.
 Many of those infected by the virus do not develop symptoms.
 When symptoms occur they typically include fever, weakness, headaches, vomiting, and muscle pains.
 Less commonly there may be bleeding from the mouth or gastrointestinal tract.
 The risk of death once infected is about one percent and frequently occurs within two weeks of the onset of symptoms.
 Among those who survive about a quarter have deafness which improves over time in about half.
Liver function tests (LFTs or LFs) are groups of blood tests that give information about the state of a patient's liver.
 These tests include prothrombin time (PT/INR), aPTT, albumin, bilirubin (direct and indirect), and others.
 Liver transaminases (AST or SGOT and ALT or SGPT) are useful biomarkers of liver injury in a patient with some degree of intact liver function.
 Most liver diseases cause only mild symptoms initially, but these diseases must be detected early.
 Hepatic (liver) involvement in some diseases can be of crucial importance.
 This testing is performed on a patient's blood sample.
 Some tests are associated with functionality (e.g., albumin), some with cellular integrity (e.g., transaminase), and some with conditions linked to the biliary tract (gamma-glutamyl transferase and alkaline phosphatase).
 Several biochemical tests are useful in the evaluation and management of patients with hepatic dysfunction.
 These tests can be used to detect the presence of liver disease, distinguish among different types of liver disorders, gauge the extent of known liver damage, and follow the response to treatment.
 Some or all of these measurements are also carried out (usually about twice a year for routine cases) on those individuals taking certain medications, such as anticonvulsants, to ensure the medications are not damaging the person's liver.
Influenza, commonly known as "the flu", is an infectious disease caused by an influenza virus.
 Symptoms can be mild to severe.
 The most common symptoms include: a high fever, runny nose, sore throat, muscle pains, headache, coughing, and feeling tired.
 These symptoms typically begin two days after exposure to the virus and most last less than a week.
 The cough, however, may last for more than two weeks.
 In children, there may be nausea and vomiting, but these are not common in adults.
 Nausea and vomiting occur more commonly in the unrelated infection gastroenteritis, which is sometimes inaccurately referred to as "stomach flu" or "24-hour flu".
 Complications of influenza may include viral pneumonia, secondary bacterial pneumonia, sinus infections, and worsening of previous health problems such as asthma or heart failure.
