Sony Channel South Africa (formerly known as Sony Entertainment Television South Africa) is a general entertainment channel that is part of the DStv bouquet of Sub-Saharan Africa satellite channels owned by MultiChoice.
 The Sony Channel is the local South African version and subsidiary of the Sony Entertainment Television brand, which is seen in over 100 countries worldwide.
 It was launched in South Africa on 2 November 2007 and is based in Johannesburg.
 The channel broadcasts a mix of programming including drama, comedy and reality series as well as commercial and independent movies.
 The channel is also the premiere broadcaster of the reality series "The Amazing Race".
Life of Kylie (LOK) is an American reality television series starring Kylie Jenner.
 The eight-part half-hour series premiered on August 6, 2017, on the E! cable network.
 The reality series was greenlit on April 10, 2017.
 On May 11, 2017, E! released the first promo video of the series.
Gene Simmons Family Jewels is an American reality television series that premiered on A&E on August 7, 2006.
 The show follows the life of Kiss bassist and vocalist Gene Simmons, his longtime partner and wife Shannon Tweed, and their two children, Nick and Sophie.
 Although it is presented as a reality series, it has been noted that some events shown on the show did not actually occur.
 One of these events was depicted in the finale of Season 3, where the viewer is led to believe that Gene purchased the Australian Football team Carlton Football Club, while in reality there is no record of the team being sold to him.
 In addition to this, the episode shows Gene convincing Brendan Fevola to join Carlton Football Club, while in reality Fevola had been playing for Carlton since he was drafted in 1998.
 Other events include casting biker extras, as well as a bit actor in the show.
Francesca Ruth Fisher-Eastwood (born August 7, 1993) is an American actress, model, television personality and socialite.
 She is known for starring in "Mrs. Eastwood & Company", the E! reality series that she shares with her family.
Hayley Amber Hasselhoff (born August 26, 1992) is an American actress and model.
 She is known for her role as Amber in the ABC Family original series "Huge".
 She is the daughter of David Hasselhoff.
 Hasselhoff starred in the short-lived 2010 A&E reality series "The Hasselhoffs".
Yes TV (stylized as yes TV) is a television system in Canada owned by Crossroads Christian Communications.
 It consists of three stations (located in the Greater Toronto Area, Calgary, and Edmonton), two rebroadcast transmitters, and several partial affiliates.
 Formerly known as the Crossroads Television System (CTS), the Yes TV stations and repeaters air a lineup consisting predominantly of Christian faith-based programming, such as televangelists and Crossroads' flagship Christian talk show "100 Huntley Street".
 During the late-afternoon and evening hours, Yes TV broadcasts secular, family-oriented sitcoms, game shows, and reality series; the system's September 2014 re-launch as Yes TV emphasized its newly acquired Canadian rights to a number of major U.S. reality series, such as "American Idol" and "The Biggest Loser".
Jacqueline Liliana Ferm (born 9 September 1990, in Falun), better known as Jackie Ferm, is a Swedish writer, blogger, reality series participant and glamour model.
 She took part and won the Swedish version of the television reality series "Paradise Hotel" in 2010 and in 2014, published her autobiography titled "Rövardotter".
Jack Joseph Osbourne (born 8 November 1985) is an English media personality with dual American and British citizenship.
 As the son of heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne, he starred on MTV's reality series "The Osbournes" (2002–05), along with his father, mother Sharon, and sister Kelly.
 Osbourne has since pursued a career as a fitness and travel reporter, presenting shows such as "" (2005–09) and BBC's "Saving Planet Earth" (2007).
 He was diagnosed with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis in 2012.
 As of summer 2016, he and father Ozzy are travelling the world in the History Channel reality series "Ozzy & Jack's World Detour".
Howard Schultz (October 14, 1953 – December 29, 2014) was an American television producer best known for his long-running reality series "Extreme Makeover".
 He also produced "The Moment of Truth" and "72 Hours".
 His last production was the VH1 reality series "Dating Naked".
 Schultz died in December 2014 while vacationing in Hawaii.
 He was 61.
Theresa Qristina Ribohn Plückthun, better known as "Farmen-Qristina" (born 2October 1955 in Skånela, Sigtuna Municipality) is a Swedish reality television contestant, drug counselor and politician for the Swedish Social Democratic Party.
 She focuses on children and youths that has different problems such as with drugs, as part of the Children and Youth Committee in Karlshamn municipality.
 She became publicly known after participating as a contestant on the first season of the reality series "The Farm" in 2001, she participated again as a "joker" in the 2004 season.
 The series was broadcast on TV4.
 She has then participated three times in "Fort Boyard" also on TV4, she participated in "The Bar" in 2001, which was broadcast on TV3.
 She further participated in the stop smoking show "Fimpa Nu!"
 in 2004 on TV4 Plus.
 In 2005, Ribohn participated in the reality series "Club Goa" which was filmed in Goa in India, along with some of Sweden's best known reality series contestants.
 In 2016, Ribohn participated in the second series of the reality series "Realitystjärnorna på godset" along with television celebrities such as Victoria Silvstedt and Meral Tasbas.
