The Legend of the Condor Heroes is a 2017 Chinese television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title and a remake of the 1983 Hong Kong television series based on the same novel.
 The series was directed by Jeffrey Chiang and starred Yang Xuwen, Li Yitong, Chen Xingxu and Meng Ziyi in the lead roles.
 It started airing on Dragon TV in mainland China on 9 January 2017, and on TVB Jade in Hong Kong on 8 May 2017.
Shanghai Bund (Chinese: 新上海滩) is a 2007 Chinese television series directed by Gao Xixi.
 It is a remake of the 1980 Hong Kong television series "The Bund" produced by TVB.
 The series stars Huang Xiaoming, Sun Li, Li Xuejian, Huang Haibo, Chen Shu and Sha Yi in the lead roles.
Heroes of Sui and Tang Dynasties 3 & 4 is a 2014 Chinese historical television series and sequel to Heroes of Sui and Tang Dynasties 1 & 2, adapted from Rulian Jushi's () classical novel "Shuotang" ().
 The series directed by Wang Xiangwei, and starring Dicky Cheung, Liu Xiaoqing, Zheng Guolin, Huang Haibing, Ray Zhang, Li Choi Wah, Yoki Sun, and Ye Zuxin.
 It was first aired on Hunan Television in China in 2014.
Li Yitong (Chinese: 李一桐, born 6 September 1990) is a Chinese actress.
 She made her acting debut in 2016 with a leading role in the web series "Demon Girl" by Yu Zheng.
 In 2017, she played Huang Rong in the television adaptation of Jin Yong's wuxia (武侠) novel "Legend of the Condor Heroes" and rose to fame in China.
Nothing Gold Can Stay (Chinese: 那年花开月正圆) is a 2017 Chinese television series directed by Ding Hei and starring Sun Li and Chen Xiao.
 The series began airing on Dragon TV and Jiangsu TV from 30 August 2017.
Ravayat-e Fath (Persian: روایت فتح‎ ‎ ), variously translated as The Chronicles of Victory, The Tales of Victory, The Narrative of Victory, The Narration of Victory, The Story of Victory, and Witness to Glory, was a war documentary TV series directed by Morteza Aviny and filmed on the front-lines of the Iran–Iraq war.
 It is one of the most famous works of Avini, and one of the first and most important war documentary films in the history of Iranian cinema.
 The TV series presents witnessing discourse through footage of front-line sacrifices set against commentary by Avini.
 The documentary film "literally brought the details of war into people's living rooms every night".
 The series had a mystic and spiritual theme.
Grace Huang () is an Australian actress, of Cantonese descent, best known for her role as the Gemini Female in the RZA directed martial arts film, "The Man with the Iron Fists".
 Huang also starred as Mei Chen in the pilot for the 2013 CBS TV series "Intelligence".
 Huang also plays May in the Hong Kong action film "Cold War" starring Aaron Kwok, Andy Lau and Tony Leung Ka Fai.
 Huang also stars as Bunny in the Hong Kong comedy-romance film "Love in Space", and as Jenny in the Hong Kong Action film "Overheard" alongside Daniel Wu, Michael Wong, Sean Lau, and directed by Felix Chong and Alan Mak.
The Legend of the Condor Heroes is a Hong Kong "wuxia" television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title.
 It was first broadcast on TVB Jade in Hong Kong in 1983.
 The 59 episodes long series is divided into three parts.
 This 1983 version is considered by many to be a classic television adaptation of the novel and features the breakthrough role of Barbara Yung, who played Huang Rong.
Huang Shuqin (born 9 September 1939) is a Chinese film director best known for her film "Woman, Demon, Human", which Dai Jinhua called "the only film in China that is made from a woman's perspective".
 The film is also considered the first feminist Chinese film.
 Born and raised in Shanghai, Huang is the daughter of Huang Zuolin, a well-known film and stage director.
 Although her film career didn't take off until she was well into her forties, she is regarded as one of China's most talented female directors.
 Some of her films, including "Woman, Demon, Human", have won awards and/or recognition at various film festivals.
 She is also known for two mega-hit TV series, "Fortress Besieged" (1990, based on Qian Zhongshu's eponymous novel) and "Sinful Debt" (1995).
Twin of Brothers is a 2011 Chinese "wuxia" television series directed by prolific Hong Kong film director Wong Jing adapted from Huang Yi's novel of the same Chinese title.
 The series stars Hong Kong actors Danny Chan and Alex Fong as the "Twin Dragons", Kou Zhong and Xu Zhiling respectively.
 Executive producer Tie Fo stated this series will the first in a trilogy in order to fully explore Huang's novel.
 The series aired on CCTV-1 from 8 to 30 August 2011.
