Ronald M. Brill is a former American retail executive and is a co-founder of the Home Depot.
 He worked with Arthur Blank and Bernard Marcus at Handy Dan Home Improvement and was let go from that company at the same time they were.
 Brill was Home Depot's 1st official employee.
 He worked with Home Depot for over 20 years, serving as the company's Chief Administration Officer from 1995-2000.
Home Depot Landscape Supply was a small retail chain of plant nurseries and other landscaping supplies, begun in 2002 by Home Depot.
 There were only eleven stores, with just over half in the Dallas/Fort Worth area of Texas, and the rest in Georgia in the northern suburbs of the Atlanta area, where Home Depot is based.
Powell v.
 The Home Depot USA, Inc. (2008cv61862) (2011) was a decision by the Florida Southern District Court on the issue of patent infringement on a “safe hands” device that Michael Powell, an independent contractor for Home Depot, created in response to injuries to the hands of associates using in-store radial arm saws.
 Powell invented and patented a device that eliminated the risk of injury.
 The Home Depot refused to pay Powell for the device and began installing the safety device on its saws without permission.
 In 2007, Mr. Powell sued The Home Depot for patent infringement.
 After a jury trial Powell was awarded damages totaling $20.8 million.
Sven Olof Joachim Palme (] ; 30 January 1927 – 28 February 1986) was a Swedish Social Democratic politician, statesman and prime minister.
 A longtime protégé of Prime Minister Tage Erlander, Palme led the Swedish Social Democratic Party (S) from 1969 until his assassination in 1986, and was a two-term Prime Minister of Sweden, heading a Privy Council Government from 1969 to 1976 and a cabinet government from 1982 until his death.
 Electoral defeats in 1976 and 1979 marked the end of Social Democratic hegemony in Swedish politics, which had seen 40 years of unbroken rule by the party.
 While leader of the opposition, he parted domestic and international interests and served as special mediator of the United Nations in the Iran–Iraq War, and was President of the Nordic Council in 1979.
 He returned as Prime Minister after electoral victories in 1982 and 1985.
Hughes Supply Incorporated was a very large wholesaler of construction supplies operating in 40 of the United States and two Canadian provinces.
 In January 2006, Home Depot announced that it was acquiring Hughes Supply in a $3.2 billion deal.
 Hughes Supply was integerated into the Home Depot division known as HD Supply.
 Thereafter in June 2007, Home Depot sold their supply unit for 10.3 billion, to a consortium of three private equity firms, The Carlyle Group, Bain Capital and Clayton, Dubilier and Rice (with each agreeing to buy a one-third stake in the division).
 Home Depot sold their wholesale construction supply business, HD Supply to fund a stock repurchase estimated at $40 billion.
 HD supply did not change their name back to Hughes so the HD in HD supply is now known as Heart and Dedication or Huge Discounts.
Francis Stanton "Frank" Blake (born July 30, 1949) is an American businessman and lawyer, who was the chairman and CEO of The Home Depot from January 2007 to May 2014.
 Prior to this he worked for the U.S. Department of Energy and General Electric.
 He was a longtime protégé of Robert Nardelli.
Douglas Conant is an American businessman who served as President and CEO of the Campbell Soup Company until July 31, 2011.
 Longtime protégé Denise Morrison, who worked for him at Nabisco as well as Campbell's, succeeded him as CEO.
Frank Blake was a college football coach at Gordon Institute and Mercer.
 He was a graduate of Vanderbilt University, the brother of Bob Blake and Dan Blake.
Husky is a line of hand tools, pneumatic tools, and tool storage products.
 Though founded in 1924, it is now best known as the house brand of The Home Depot, where it is exclusively sold.
 Its hand tools are manufactured for Home Depot by Stanley Black & Decker, Western Forge, Apex Tool Group, and Iron Bridge Tools.
 Its slogan is "The toughest name in tools."
 Home Depot also carries a higher-end line of tools marked Husky Pro.
Annette Verschuren, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} is a Canadian business woman.
 She is currently the Chair & CEO of NRStor Inc., and energy storage development company.
 Formerly, she was the President of The Home Depot Canada and the Home Depot Asia, overseeing the growth of the company's Canadian operations from 19 to 179 stores between 1996 and 2011.
 She also led The Home Depot's entry into China.
