Asplenium onopteris is known as the Irish spleenwort or western black spleenwort.
 It is difficult to identify compared with the black spleenwort, "Asplenium adiantum-nigrum".
 The main difference is that "A. onopteris" is diploid and is one of the two parents of the tetraploid "A. adiantum-nigrum" (the other being the diploid "A. cuneifolium").
 Armed with a microscope, the most consistent observable difference between "A. onopteris" and "A. adiantum-nigrum" is that "A. onopteris" spores have a mean diameter of 28 μm and are almost all smaller than 31 μm, whereas those of "A. adiantum-nigrum" have a mean diameter of 34 μm and are almost all larger than 31 μm.
 The leaflets of typical "A. onopteris" are narrower in relation to their length than those of typical "A. adiantum-nigrum", but this is not a reliable means of identification.
GetAmped2 (ゲットアンプド2 , GettoAnpudo 2 ) is a free to play massively multiplayer online Fighting-Action, Role-playing video game, developed and published by the Japanese company CyberStep, Inc. Originally released in Japan on 6 November 2005, it has since been released in several other countries including the United States, Taiwan, Vietnam, the Philippines and Korea, with other areas including the EU, Germany and France preparing for official release.
 Worldwide the game has more than 26 million registered users.
 As the sequel to "GetAmped" (known as "Splash Fighters" in North America), the main difference from the original is an added emphasis placed on the social factor and a much greater development of the story lines.
 The sequel intends to offer players a game experience similar to a massively multiplayer online role-playing game.
 Various non-player characters (NPCs) in the game are voiced by famous Japanese voice-over artists, including Kazuya Tatekabe, Rie Kugimiya, Ryōtarō Okiayu, Akio Ōtsuka, Asami Shimoda, Tomoko Kaneda, Kappei Yamaguchi, Takehito Koyasu, Miki Itō, Shigeru Chiba and Norio Wakamoto.
 An online manga featuring characters from the game was released and includes several chapters.
 The North American server hosts a variety of events for the game ranging from a 64-player battle tournament to a furniture design contest.
The Cumberland Plateau is the southern part of the Appalachian Plateau in the Appalachian Mountains of the United States.
 It includes much of eastern Kentucky and Tennessee, and portions of northern Alabama and northwest Georgia.
 The terms "Allegheny Plateau" and the "Cumberland Plateau" both refer to the dissected plateau lands lying west of the main Appalachian Mountains.
 The terms stem from historical usage rather than geological difference, so there is no strict dividing line between the two.
 Two major rivers share the names of the plateaus, with the Allegheny River rising in the Allegheny Plateau and the Cumberland River rising in the Cumberland Plateau in Harlan County, Kentucky.
Jeongol is a Korean-style hot pot made by putting meat, mushroom, seafood, seasoning, etc., in a stew pot, adding broth, and boiling it.
 It is similar to the category of Korean stews called "jjigae", with the main difference being that "jjigae" are generally made with only a single main ingredient, and named after that ingredient (such as "kimchi jjigae" or "sundubu jjigae"), while "jeongol" usually contain a variety of main ingredients.
 An additional difference is that "jeongol" (like "gujeolpan") was originally a dish for upper-class Koreans and members of the royal court, while "jjigae" was a simpler dish for commoners.
Bendomino is a tabletop strategy game similar to dominoes, created by Thierry Denoual and published by Blue Orange Games in 2007.
 It is a set of double-6 dominoes with a 120-degree curve.
 The main difference from dominoes is the curved shape of the pieces, which introduces a new level of strategy to the game.
 There is also a version of the game for younger players with pictures instead of numbers and symbols on the bendomino tiles.
Micro Maniacs (FoxKids.com Micro Maniacs Racing in North America) is a racing video game developed by Codemasters for PlayStation and Game Boy Color.
 It is a spin-off to the Micro Machines games, the main difference being that players control tiny characters where a few racetracks feature the use of vehicles.
 The North American version was sponsored by Fox Kids, and so the game's name was changed there.
The Colt M1877 was a double-action revolver manufactured by Colt's Patent Fire Arms from January 1877 to 1909 for a total of 166,849 revolvers.
 The Model 1877 was offered in three calibers, which lent them three unofficial names: the "Lightning", the "Thunderer", and the "Rainmaker".
 The principal difference between the models was the cartridge in which they were chambered: the "Lightning" being chambered in .38 Long Colt; the "Thunderer" in .41 Colt.
 Both models had a six-round ammunition capacity.
 An earlier model in .32 Colt known as the "Rainmaker" was offered in 1877.
Nandao is a kind of sword that is used mostly in contemporary Chinese wushu exercises and forms.
 It is the southern variation of the "northern broadsword", or Beidao.
 Its blade bears some resemblance to the butterfly sword, also a southern Chinese single-bladed weapon; the main difference is the size, and the fact that the butterfly swords have D-shaped knuckle guards.
 The main difference with the beidao is that the nandao is mostly used two-handed due to its larger amount of weight, and it has a large metal crossguard useful in deflecting blows and hooking the opponent's weapon; also, although it is single-edged, the nandao is not curved like the northern broadsword.
Battlezone is a first-person shooter strategy video game developed and published by Activision.
 A remake of an arcade game of the same name, it was released for Microsoft Windows in 1998.
 It was released by Activision in 1998.
 Aside from the name and presence of tanks, this game bears little resemblance to the original.
 Activision remade it into a hybrid of a tank simulation game, a first-person shooter and a real-time strategy game.
 "Battlezone" is played like any other real time strategy, but the main difference is that in "Battlezone" the player is controlling everything on the battlefield from the first person view.
Colt Express is a railway-themed family board game designed by Christophe Raimbault, Illustrated by Ian Parovel and Jordi Valbuena, published in 2014 by Ludonaute and distributed by Asmodee.
