Cropper is an unincorporated community within Shelby County, Kentucky, United States.
 It was also known as Croppers Depot.
 Their post office is closed.
 The town of Cropper (Population Cal.
 at 205 in 2010) is located in northeast Shelby County, Kentucky.
 The origin of its name comes from the town's founder James Cropper, a blacksmith and store keeper who was the first person to build a house there sometime in the 1790s.
 He also was the town's first postmaster.
 The majority of Cropper's original citizens were members of the Low Dutch colony who were in the area as early as 1786.
 In 1807, a new group of settlers from Virginia increased the town's population.
 In 1855, the Louisville and Nashville Railroad (L and N) along with a depot opened on the east end of town.
 A hotel soon opened afterwards.
 This railroad line was closed in the early 1970s.
 Another occurrence, in 1855, was the founding of Union Grove Church.
 This church had three different denominations that included Christian, Methodist and Baptist.
 The only cemetery in Cropper is on the church grounds.
 In June 1900, the Baptist separated from the Union Church, and by 1903 it had its own building.
 In 1967, the Union Grove Church was renamed Cropper Christian Church.
 In 1905, a bank was opened by Ben Allen Thomas, but it was closed in 1921.
 An 1882 map shows the first school in Cropper which was a large two-story building with grades one through twelve.
 It burned in 1951 and was replaced with a one-story elementary school.
 The team mascot was the Yellow Jackets.
The Town of Timnath is a Statutory Town located in Larimer County, Colorado, United States.
 Founded in 1882, Timnath is a small agricultural/farming community located southeast of Fort Collins, Colorado, approximately one-half mile east of the Harmony Road/Interstate 25 interchange, on a small bluff east of the Cache la Poudre River.
 The surrounding farmlands have been used primarily for potatoes, alfalfa, sugar beets, and cattle.
 Although the town has remained virtually unchanged in recent decades, the encroaching growth of both Fort Collins to the west and Windsor to the south have placed the town in an area considered favorable to development.
 The population was 625 at the 2010 census.
 Timnath has been one of the fastest-growing communities in Colorado since 2010, and in 2016 had an estimated population nearing 3,000.
Clarkstown is a town in Rockland County, New York, United States.
 The town is on the eastern border of the county, located north of the town of Orangetown, east of the town of Ramapo, south of the town of Haverstraw, and west of the Hudson River.
 As of the 2010 census, the town had a total population of 84,187.
 The community of New City, the county seat of Rockland County, is also the seat of town government and of the Clarkstown Police Department, the county sheriff's police office, and the county correctional facility.
 New City makes up about 41.47% of the town's population.
Haverstraw is a town in Rockland County, New York, United States, located north of the Town of Clarkstown and the Town of Ramapo; east of Orange County, New York; south of the Town of Stony Point; and west of the Hudson River.
 The town runs from the west to the east border of the county in its northern part.
 The population was 36,634 at the 2010 census.
 The name comes from the Dutch word "Haverstroo" meaning "oats straw", referring to the grasslands along the river.
 The town contains three villages, one of which is also known as Haverstraw.
 Haverstraw village is the original seat of government for the town, hosting the area's historic central downtown business district and the densest population in northern Rockland County.
Ancón is a corregimiento in Panamá District, Panamá Province, Panama with a population of 29,761 as of 2010.
 Its population as of 1990 was 11,518; its population as of 2000 was 11,169.
 It is sometimes considered a suburb or small town within Panama City, northeast of the limits of the town of Balboa.
 Ancon Hill is also the name of a large hill that overlooks Panama City and once served as a form of protection from pirates and sea invasion.
 The township was originally located around this hill, and was created to house employees of the Panama Canal during its construction.
 As part of the construction effort, the historic Gorgas Army Hospital was founded and built on the hillside.
 The first ship to officially transit the canal, SS "Ancon" , was named after the district.
 The community continued to serve as housing for employees of the Panama Canal Company until 1980, when parts of it began to be turned over to the Panamanian government under the 1977 Torrijos-Carter Treaties.
 Modern-day Ancón is a "corregimiento" (the Panamanian equivalent of a suburb in the United States) of Panama City, serving mainly as a residential area.
 The Gorgas Army Hospital building is now the Panamanian Oncology Hospital, primarily used for cancer research.
 The area also houses Panama's Supreme Court, just a few feet away from the Gorgas Army Hospital building, and several Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute buildings for research into tropical biology.
 Ancón is also a parish ("parroquia") of the District of Panama, located in the Panama Canal adjacent area.
Carrizozo is a town in Lincoln County, New Mexico and is the county seat with a population of 996 at the 2010 census.
 Founded in 1899, the town provided the main railroad access for Lincoln County, and the town experienced significant population growth in the early decades of the 1900s.
 However, with declining relevance of the railroad, the population of the town has gradually declined.
 The town is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 54 and U.S. Route 380.
Brookeville is a town located twenty miles (32 km) north of Washington, D.C., and two miles (3 km) north of Olney in northeastern Montgomery County, Maryland.
 Brookeville was settled by Quakers late in the 18th century, and was formally incorporated as a town in 1808.
 The town served the local agricultural industry, with a toll road built to connect it with markets in Washington, D.C.
 During the War of 1812, when British troops burned the White House, President James Madison sought refuge in Brookeville on August 26, 1814.
 During the American Civil War, Brookeville, along with nearby Sandy Spring, was a stop on the underground railroad.
 Brookeville's population was as high as 3,272 in 1920, though it declined with the advent of the automobile which provided greater mobility for people.
 Since the 1950s, Brookeville has developed rapidly into a suburban community.
 The population was 134 at the 2010 census.
Charlotte Amalie ( or ), located on the island of St. Thomas, is the capital and the largest city of the United States Virgin Islands, founded in 1666 as Taphus (meaning "beer house" or "beer hall").
 In 1691, the town was renamed to Amalienborg (in English "Charlotte Amalie") after Charlotte Amalie of Hesse-Kassel (1650–1714), queen consort to King Christian V of Denmark-Norway.
 It has a deep-water harbor that was once a haven for pirates and is now one of the busiest ports of call for cruise ships in the Caribbean, with about 1.5 million cruise ship passengers landing there in 2004.
 Protected by Hassel Island, the harbor has docking and fueling facilities, machine shops, and shipyards and was a U.S. submarine base until 1966.
 The town has been inhabited for centuries.
 When Christopher Columbus came here in 1493, the area was inhabited by Island Caribs and Taíno.
 It is on the southern shore at the head of Saint Thomas Harbor.
 In 2010 the city had a population of 18,481, which makes it the largest city in the Virgin Islands Archipelago.
 Hundreds of ferries and yachts pass through town each week, and at times the population more than doubles.
Carpenter is a ghost town in Mesa County, Colorado, United States, twelve miles northeast of Grand Junction at the end of an extension to 27¼ Road.
 The settlement was established by William Thomas Carpenter early in 1890 to provide the miners who worked in his two Book Cliff mines with a place to live.
 He began building shacks to house his single miners and later erected small houses for the employees with families.
 As a result of the town's rapid growth, a request to the U.S. post office to establish a branch there in June 1890 was quickly obliged and the community was officially dubbed Carpenter.
 However, the town never attained a population of over 50, and the post office closed its doors after only a year.
 After the closure of its post office, Carpenter built a company store and a combination boarding house/restaurant.
 Book Cliff company stone cutters and masons constructed several buildings and many foundations at Carpenter, using stone from the company quarry near the cliffs.
 One of the finest examples of a building made of Book Cliff sandstone is the Fruita, Colorado Catholic church.
 Several years of prosperity followed the arrival of the Little Book Cliff Railway at the townsite in 1892.
 Carpenter began to formulate big plans for his village.
 He envisioned it as a tourist resort complete with hotel, dance pavilion, picnic areas, and even a lake that was to be fed by a spring located near his Book Cliff mines.
 Carpenter renamed the camp "Poland Spring" after a noted resort of that name in Maine.
 It was variously referred to as Polen, Pollen, and Polan Springs, despite the fact that Carpenter’s intended name was evidenced by his having it emblazoned on the side of one of his railroad excursion cars.
 The resort plans were never completed because Carpenter went broke shortly after the Panic of 1893.
 Isaac Chauncey Wyman, a wealthy Massachusetts investor, became the next owner of the Book Cliff company.
 The town continued to enjoy an active existence because he did much to improve the mines and thus created a need for additional employees.
 The old eating house, referred to as the "Hotel de Carpenter" on occasion, was converted into a school and church for the camp’s inhabitants, and many company structures were rebuilt and improved during Wyman’s tenure as owner.
 The new name "Book Cliff" was applied to the town but did not adhere any better than did Poland Springs.
 Usually people referred to the place as the “Book Cliff Mines.”
 The town reached its zenith and then began a gradual decline following Wyman’s death in 1910.
 In his will Wyman left the town, railroad, and mines to Princeton University.
 Princeton managed everything for 15 years then decided to abandon it all in 1925.
 By the end of that summer nearly everything had been sold, dismantled, and hauled away.
Kadıköy is a belde (town) in the central district of Yalova Province, Turkey.
 At it is 7 km south west of Yalova and at the midpoint of Armutlu Peninsula.
 The population of Kadıköy is 5414 as of 2010.
 The settlement was founded by an Ottoman kadı ("judge") .
 Hence it was named as "Kadıköy" ("Judge's village").
 During Ottoman Empire most of the population was composed of Greeks.
 But according to Population exchange between Greece and Turkey agreement the Greek population was replaced by Turkish population from Greece.
 Refuges from Caucasus after the Russo-Turkish War (1877-1878) were also settled in the village.
 The village was declared a seat of township in 1991.
 Intensive farming such as green house farming and floriculture is the main economic activity of the town.
