Lasseter is an Australian musical with book and lyrics by Reg Livermore and music by Sandra McKenzie and Patrick Flynn.
 Described as a musical fable, it follows the spiritual journey of a disillusioned group of young people who leave the city and temptations of consumer society in search of a Utopia in the Australian outback.
 The title of the musical was inspired by the explorer Harold Bell Lasseter (but the musical is not about him).
Harold Bell Wright (May 4, 1872 – May 24, 1944) was a best-selling American writer of fiction, essays, and nonfiction.
 Although mostly forgotten or ignored after the middle of the 20th century, he is said to have been the first American writer to sell a million copies of a novel and the first to make $1 million from writing fiction.
 Between 1902 and 1942 Wright wrote 19 books, several stage plays, and many magazine articles.
 More than 15 movies were made or claimed to be made from Wright's stories, including Gary Cooper's first major movie, "The Winning of Barbara Worth" (1926) and the John Wayne film "The Shepherd of the Hills" (1941).
Harold Bell (22 November 1924 – 17 July 1994) was an English footballer who holds the record for the most consecutive appearances for a British football team.
Harold Bell (October 5, 1919 – December 4, 2009) was an American marketer and merchandising executive who co-created Woodsy Owl, the iconic mascot of the United States Forest Service.
 Bell created Woodsy Owl with two U.S. park rangers, Chuck Williams and Glenn Kovar, and another colleague, Betty Hite, for the first Earth Day in 1970.
 Woodsy Owl is best known for the motto, "Give a hoot, don’t pollute!"
.
The Fielder House is a historic house in Fordyce, Arkansas.
 Its oldest portion built in 1875, it is the oldest building in Dallas County, predating Fordyce's founding.
 It stands on the south side of US 79B in the west side of the city, and looks today like a single-story central-hall gable-roof structure with a rear shed addition, and a shed-roof porch extending across the front.
 The core of the house is a log structure, which is now the west side of the building.
 In the 1880s the eastern pen was added, creating a dog trot structure, which was then filled in and enclosed by later additions.
 The house is also notable for being the home of the aunt of author Harold Bell Wright, who is said to have written some of his works there.
The World Magnetic Model (WMM) is a large spatial-scale representation of the Earth's magnetic field.
 It consists of a degree and order 12 spherical harmonic expansion of the magnetic potential of the geomagnetic main field generated in the Earth’s core.
 Apart from the 168 spherical-harmonic "Gauss" coefficients, the model also has an equal number of spherical-harmonic Secular-Variation (SV) coefficients predicting the temporal evolution of the field over the upcoming five-year epoch.
 WMM is the standard geomagnetic model of the United States Department of Defense (DoD), the Ministry of Defence (United Kingdom), the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), and the World Hydrographic Office (WHO) navigation and attitude/heading reference.
 It is also used widely in civilian navigation systems.
 For example, WMM is pre-installed in Android and iOS devices to correct for the magnetic declination.
 The WMM is produced by the U.S. National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) in collaboration with the British Geological Survey (BGS).
 The model, associated software, and documentation are distributed by the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) on behalf of National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA).
 Updated model coefficients are released at 5-year intervals, with the current model (WMM2015) expiring on December 31, 2019.
 The current World Magnetic Model (WMM2015) has been released on NGDC website on Dec 15, 2014.
The Mine with the Iron Door is a 1924 American silent epic Western melodrama directed by Sam Wood and produced by Sol Lesser.
 The film is based on the novel of the same name by American Author Harold Bell Wright published in 1923.
Lasseter's Reef refers to the purported discovery, announced by Harold Bell Lasseter in 1929 and 1930, of a fabulously rich gold deposit in a remote and desolate corner of central Australia.
 Lasseter's accounts of the find are conflicting and its precise location remains a mystery—if it exists.
Woodsy Owl is an owl icon for the United States Forest Service most famous for the motto "Give a hoot — don't pollute!"
.
 His current motto is "Lend a hand — care for the land!"
 Woodsy's target are children five to eight years of age, and he was designed to be seen as a mentor to children, providing them with information and advice to help them appreciate nature.
 Harold Bell of Western Publishing (and producer of Smokey Bear public service announcements), along with Glen Kovar and Chuck Williams, originally created the mascot in 1970 as part of a United States Forest Service campaign to raise awareness of protecting the environment.
That Printer of Udell's is a 1903 work of fiction by Harold Bell Wright.
