"Traitor's Gate" is the fourth episode in the first series of the British television series "Spooks".
 It first aired on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 4 June 2002, on a Tuesday; the other first series episodes aired on Mondays.
 The episode was written by Howard Brenton, and directed by Rob Bailey.
 The episode focuses on MI5 and 6's efforts in taking down a terrorist cell before they can succeed in attacking 43rd President of the United States George W. Bush.
 The episode guest stars Anthony Head and Hugh Laurie, who play their respective characters Peter Salter and Jools Siviter.
 After its first broadcast, "Traitor's Gate" was seen by 6 million viewers, the lowest ratings in the first series.
"The Farm" is the seventeenth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the 192nd overall.
 It originally aired on NBC on March 14, 2013.
 The episode guest stars Matt Jones as Dwight's cousin Zeke, Majandra Delfino as Dwight's sister Fannie, Blake Garrett Rosenthal as his nephew, and Thomas Middleditch as his brother.
"The Hard Easy" is the twenty-third episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series "Adventure Time".
 The episode was written and storyboarded by Tom Herpich and Skyler Page, from a story by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward.
 It originally aired on Cartoon Network on October 1, 2012.
 The episode guest stars Brian Doyle-Murray as Prince Huge and Jonathan Katz as the Mudscamp elder.
The Hard Easy is a 2006 American action crime drama film directed by Ari Ryan, and written by Jon Lindstrom and Tom Schanley.
 The film stars Henry Thomas, Vera Farmiga, David Boreanaz, Bruce Dern, Peter Weller, Gary Busey, and Nick Lachey.
 The film was released straight-to-DVD in the United States on May 22, 2007.
"Roy's Wedding" is the second episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the show's 178th episode overall.
 The episode originally aired on NBC on September 27, 2012.
 The episode guest stars David Denman as Roy Anderson, Michael Patrick McGill as his brother Kenny, Robert R. Shafer as Bob Vance, and Ameenah Kaplan as Val.
"Brother from Another Series" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 23, 1997.
 Sideshow Bob is released from prison into the care of his brother Cecil and claims to be a changed man.
 However, Bart does not believe him and tries to find out what Bob is up to.
 It was the first episode directed by Pete Michels and was written by Ken Keeler.
 The episode guest stars Kelsey Grammer in his sixth appearance as Sideshow Bob and David Hyde Pierce as Cecil.
 The title is not only a pun on the movie "The Brother from Another Planet" (used for a previous episode as well), but also a reference to the fact that guest stars Kelsey Grammer (Frasier Crane) and David Hyde Pierce (Niles Crane) also played bickering brothers on the NBC sitcom "Frasier".
"Moving On" is the sixteenth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the 192nd episode overall.
 The episode was written by Graham Wagner.
 It was directed by Jon Favreau.
 It originally aired on NBC on February 14, 2013.
 The episode guest stars Bob Odenkirk, Mary Gillis, Collette Wolfe, and Andy Buckley.
 The episode also features the return of former series regular Zach Woods as Gabe Lewis.
"Web Weirdos" is the third episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series "Adventure Time".
 The episode was written and storyboarded by Ako Castuera and Jesse Moynihan, from a story by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward.
 It originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 16, 2012.
 The episode guest stars both Bobcat Goldthwait and Susie Essman.
 The series follows the adventures of Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada), a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will.
 In this episode, Finn must help a grumpy spider couple, whose names are Barb and Ed, reconcile before he and Jake are eaten.
"Andy's Ancestry" is the third episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office".
 The episode originally aired on NBC on October 4, 2012.
 The episode was written by Jonathan Green and Gabe Miller, and was directed by David Rogers.
 The episode guest stars Randall Park as Jim and Pam's actor friend, Steve.
"Evicted!"
 is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American animated television series "Adventure Time".
 The episode was written and storyboarded by Bert Youn and Sean Jimenez, from a story by Adam Muto.
 It originally aired on Cartoon Network on March 18, 2010 as a preview for the series; it later officially aired on May 17, 2010.
 The episode guest stars Erik Estrada as King Worm.
 The episode marks the first appearance of Marceline the Vampire Queen (voiced by Olivia Olson), who would go on to play a larger role in the series as a friend and companion to Finn and Jake.
