New York City: the 51st State was the platform of the Norman Mailer–Jimmy Breslin candidacy in the 1969 New York City Democratic Mayoral Primary election.
 Mailer, a novelist, journalist, and filmmaker, and Breslin, an author and at the time a New York City newspaper columnist, proposed that the five New York City boroughs should secede from New York State, and become the 51st state of the U.S.
90-94 Maiden Lane at Gold Street, between William and Pearl Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City, was built in 1870-71 in the French Second Empire style and is attributed to Charles Wright.
 It has a cast-iron façade from Daniel D. Badger's Architectural Iron Works, and is one of the few surviving examples of cast-iron architecture between Fulton Street and the Battery, as well as one of the handful of mid-19th century commercial buildings extant in Lower Manhattan.
 The building's façade was commissioned by Roosevelt & Son, the leading plate glass and mirror importer; Theodore Roosevelt Sr., the father of the U.S. President of the same name, was one of the company's principals.
 Unlike most other buildings of its sort, it has not been converted into condominium apartments, and is still in use as a commercial building.
23 Beekman Place is the address of an apartment building located between East 50th and 51st Streets in the Turtle Bay neighborhood at the far east side of Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
 The building was re-designed by Paul Rudolph, an American architect and one-time dean of Yale University.
 It is one of the last of his projects still standing in the city.
The Cathedral of St. Patrick (commonly called St. Patrick's Cathedral) is a decorated Neo-Gothic-style Roman Catholic cathedral church in the United States and a prominent landmark of New York City.
 It is the seat of the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, and a parish church, located on the east side of Fifth Avenue between 50th and 51st Streets in Midtown Manhattan, directly across the street from Rockefeller Center and specifically facing the Atlas statue.
 It is considered one of the most visible symbols of Roman Catholicism in New York City and the United States.
834 Fifth Avenue is a luxury residential housing cooperative in the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.
 It is located on Fifth Avenue at the corner of East 64th Street opposite the Central Park Zoo in Central Park.
 The limestone-clad building was designed by Rosario Candela, a prolific designer of luxury apartment buildings in Manhattan during the period between World War I and World War II.
 834 Fifth Avenue is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious apartment houses in New York City.
 It has been called "the most pedigreed building on the snobbiest street in the country’s most real estate-obsessed city" in an article in the New York Observer newspaper.
 This status is due to the building's overall architecture, the scale and layout of the apartments, and the notoriety of its current and past residents.
 It is one of the finest buildings designed by Rosario Candela, according to "The New York Times".
South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona, with the boundaries of the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west, 48th Street or Interstate-10 (Phoenix/Tempe and Phoenix/Chandler borders) to the east, and the Salt River to the north.
 This area includes Phoenix's following Urban Villages: South Mountain Village (aka South Mountain District) along with Laveen Village and Ahwatukee Village.
 The area is sometimes simply referred to as "the Southside" by its residents.
 Major arterial east-west streets include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road, most of which connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler.
 Major arterial south-north streets include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue connecting South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix; 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue connecting Laveen to west Phoenix; and 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street connecting South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.
The Rochester Commercial and Industrial District encompasses the civic, commercial, and industrial heart of Rochester, New Hampshire.
 Oriented around the city's Central Square, the 6 acre district includes the city's major civic buildings, most of which are Classical Revival structures from the early 20th century, a number of commercial buildings dating as far back as the square's formation in the 1820s, and several late 19th-century industrial facilities.
 The district extends primarily along Main Street, from Bridge and Union Streets to Winter and Academy Streets, and includes properties extending along Wakefield and Hanson Streets, as well as other adjacent streets.
 The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Rockefeller Center is a large complex consisting of 19 high-rise commercial buildings covering 22 acre between 48th and 51st Streets in New York City.
 Commissioned by the Rockefeller family, it is located in the center of Midtown Manhattan, spanning the area between Fifth Avenue and Sixth Avenue.
The Centralia Commercial Historic District is a historic commercial district comprising several blocks of Broadway in downtown Centralia, Illinois.
 The district includes 57 contributing buildings as well as a historic water tower and sign.
 Centralia's business district developed around the Illinois Central Railroad tracks, as the town was established by and named for the railroad.
 The earliest buildings in the district date from the 1850s, as the city was platted in 1853.
 Centralia's first commercial buildings were mainly designed in the Italianate style, which was predominant until the end of the 19th century; the Romanesque Revival style also gained popularity in the 1880s.
 Around the turn of the century, the Commercial style became the most popular style in the district.
 The Renaissance Revival and Classical Revival styles can also be seen in buildings from this era, and by the 1930s Art Deco and Modernist architecture became popular.
Main Mall Row is an adjoining group of nine commercial buildings along the northeast corner of the intersection of Main and Garden streets in downtown Poughkeepsie, New York, United States.
 They were mostly built after a fire in 1870 destroyed the previous buildings on the site.
 The new structures were three-to-four story buildings in the Renaissance Revival style, many with ornamental touches such as bracketed cornices, paneled friezes, arcaded facades and molded lintels. 315 Main Mall, at the east end, has an ornate cast iron facade.
 They are considered among the most architecturally significant commercial buildings in the city, and are still in use as stores today.
 The building at 3-9 Garden Street retains its original storefronts.
 The row, as with many of the other buildings in downtown Poughkeepsie, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
