Lance Krall (born December 9, 1970 in Monterey, California) is an American comedian and actor, television writer, director, and producer of Vietnamese descent.
 He became well known after his portrayal as "Kip" in the role in faux-reality show "The Joe Schmo Show".
 He went on to create and star in "The Lance Krall Show" and "Free Radio."
Matt Kennedy Gould (born October 4, 1975) is an American former television personality.
 He rose to prominence in 2003, when he was the protagonist of "The Joe Schmo Show", a fake reality show in which, unbeknownst to him, all the participants but Gould were actors portraying broad reality show participant archetypes.
"The Joe Schmo Show" is an American reality television hoax show created by Paul Wernick and Rhett Reese.
 The series premiered in the United States on Spike on September 2, 2003.
 The show's third season premiered on January 8, 2013.
Stone Stanley Entertainment is an American film and television production company, founded in 1990 by David G. Stanley and Scott A. Stone as Stone Stanley Productions.
 Since then, Stone Stanley has produced several television programs, most notably "Shop 'til You Drop", "Loveline", "Legends of the Hidden Temple", "The Man Show", "The Mole", "Popstars", and "The Joe Schmo Show", plus six of the most successful Jane Fonda exercise videos, and the first Dimension Films theatrical motion picture release, "".
Rhett Reese is an American film producer, television producer and screenwriter.
 As a screenwriter, his credits include "Clifford's Really Big Movie", "Cruel Intentions 3".
 He has collaborated with Paul Wernick, writing the films "Zombieland", "", and "Deadpool".
 Together they also created the reality series "The Joe Schmo Show".
Gretchen Palmer (born December 16, 1961) is an American television and film actress.
 She has had recurring roles in television series such as "The Joe Schmo Show" and "The Parkers", and has appeared in films including "Fast Forward", "Crossroads", "The Malibu Bikini Shop", "Red Heat", "When Harry Met Sally...", "Chopper Chicks in Zombietown", "Moonbase", "Trois" (2000) and "I Got the Hook Up" (1998).
 She also appeared on The Young and the Restless as Serena.
Robert James Belushi (born October 23, 1980) is an American actor.
 In films, he is best known for his work on "Sorority Row", "One Small Hitch", and "Valentine's Day".
 On television, he is best known as Allen ("The Buddy") on the of Spike TV's "The Joe Schmo Show" and Linus the Bartender on the ninth and final season of CBS's "How I Met Your Mother".
Free Radio is a television show, created by Lance Krall and Rory Rosegarten.
 The show originated on VH1, but has also played on Comedy Central, and Super Channel (Canada).
 It stars Lance Krall, prominent for his role on "The Joe Schmo Show", and Anna Vocino, who also starred with Krall on "The Lance Krall Show".
 The show focuses on a dysfunctional radio station, KBOM.
 Krall plays a moronic intern turned moronic DJ when KBOM's regular shock jock, Rip Rebel, defects to satellite radio.
 Lance eventually gets his own show entitled "Moron in the Morning".
 Real celebrities guest star as themselves with Lance, who often either does not realize who they are or mixes them up with other celebrities on the air.
 Most of the dialogue is improvised.
The Joe Schmo Show is a reality television hoax show created by Paul Wernick and Rhett Reese.
 The series is broadcast in the U.S. on the cable network Spike.
 The show's premise is that a target person or persons are led to believe that they are contestants on a reality television show; in reality, all of the other participants in the purported show – including the host – are actors, and their actions and the outcome of the purported show are all scripted in an attempt to elicit comedic reactions from the targets.
 The show's first season, The Joe Schmo Show, aired in 2003, and its second season, Joe Schmo 2, aired in 2004.
 The first season's hoax was conducted as a typical reality competition show while the second hoax was a "Bachelor"-like dating series.
Ralph Garman (born November 17, 1964) is an American actor, comedian, and radio host best known as the host of "The Joe Schmo Show", for his voice work on the Fox animated series "Family Guy", and as the entertainment reporter and impressionist for the "Kevin and Bean" morning show on Los Angeles radio station KROQ-FM.
