Obereisesheim transmitter is a facility of SWR used for mediumwave broadcasting on 711 kHz with a power of 5 kilowatts.
 It is located near Neckarsulm, Germany.
 Obereisesheim transmitter, which is situated at 49°11'28" N and 9°11'47" E, uses as aerial a 74 metre tall ground-fed, insulated mast radiator, which is a lattice steel mast with triangular cross section and guyed in 3 levels.
 Obereisesheim transmitter works on the same frequency as Ulm-Jungingen transmitter.
Paladin Stadium is a 16,000-seat stadium located near Greenville, South Carolina, USA.
 It was built in 1981 at a cost of $2 million, and originally seated 13,200 fans.
 It was expanded to its current capacity in 1985, and is currently home to the Furman Paladins football team.
 The stadium was converted to field turf before the 2010 season.
Shamsul Huda Stadium, also known as Jessore Stadium, is a cricket and football stadium located near municipality park in the Jessore city, Bangladesh.
 It has become a venue of first class and list A cricket since 2000.
WHKR (102.7 FM, "Nash FM 102.7") is a country music radio station serving the Space Coast, but the signal is strong enough to serve parts of the Orlando metropolitan area.
 It is owned by Cumulus Media.
 It is one of the 3 country stations that serve the Space Coast, the other two being WIXC AM 1060, whose transmitter is located in Mims, Florida, and WWKA (Transmitter located outside the Space Coast).
 WHKR's transmitter is located near Cocoa, at .
KGLK (107.5 FM) and KHPT (106.9 FM, "Houston's Eagle") is a pair of simulcast classic rock formatted radio stations licensed to serve the communities of Lake Jackson, Texas, and Conroe, Texas, United States, respectively.
 Both facilities are owned by Cox Media Group, and are part of a four station cluster that includes KTHT and KKBQ, in the surveyed Houston metropolitan area.
 "The Eagle" is headquartered in Suite 2300 at 1990 Post Oak Blvd in the Uptown district in Houston, Texas, United States.
 KGLK's main transmitter facilities are located near Liverpool, TX with a backup transmitter site co-located at the KKBQ backup site.
 KHPT's main transmitter site is located in Splendora, Texas, and is shared with KSBJ.
WTVJ, virtual channel 6 (UHF digital channel 31), is an NBC owned-and-operated television station licensed to Miami, Florida, United States and also serving Fort Lauderdale.
 The station is owned by the NBC Owned Television Stations subsidiary of NBCUniversal (itself a division of Comcast), as part of a duopoly with Fort Lauderdale-licensed WSCV (channel 51), flagship station of the co-owned Telemundo network.
 The two stations share studio and office facilities located on Southwest 27th Street (off I-75) in Miramar; WTVJ's transmitter is located between Northwest 210th and 207th Streets in the Andover neighborhood of Miami Gardens (northeast of Hard Rock Stadium).
WDCH-FM (99.1 FM; "Bloomberg 99.1 and 105.7 HD2") is a radio station currently broadcasting a business news format.
 Licensed to the eastern suburb of Bowie, Maryland, in Prince George's County, it serves the central Maryland and northern Virginia metropolitan areas of Baltimore, Maryland/Washington, D.C. region.
 The station is currently owned by CBS Radio and operated by Bloomberg L.P. Its transmitter is located near Crofton, Maryland in suburban central Anne Arundel County to the east, and the broadcasting studios are located near the Washington Navy Yard along the north/west bank of the Anacostia River (Eastern Branch of the Potomac River) in Southeast Washington.
 WDCH-FM often airs D.C. United soccer and Washington Wizards pro basketball games in the NBA due to sister station WJFK-FM, 106.7 "The Fan" usually already covering a game elsewhere.
New Era Field II is the working title for a proposed American football stadium located near or within Buffalo, New York for use by the Buffalo Bills.
 Numerous proposals have been submitted to the City of Buffalo, Erie County, the Bills, and the State of New York.
 Regardless of whatever proposal is built, New Era Cap Company will hold right of first refusal over naming rights to the stadium as part of a naming rights deal with the team's current stadium that was signed in August 2016.
Municipal Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located near Crâng Park, in Buzău, Romania.
 It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Gloria Buzău.
 The stadium was built between 1936–1942, on the initiative of Buzău mayor Stan Săraru.
 It underwent a major refurbishment between 1971 and 1976.
 It was refurbished again in 2007 when it was transformed into an all-seater stadium.
WSCV, virtual channel 51 (UHF digital channel 30), is the flagship television station of the Spanish-language Telemundo network, serving Miami, Florida, United States and licensed to Fort Lauderdale.
 The station is owned by the NBCUniversal Owned Television Stations subsidiary of NBCUniversal (itself a division of Comcast), as part of a duopoly with Miami-licensed NBC owned-and-operated station WTVJ (channel 6).
 The two stations share studio and office facilities on Southwest 27th Street (off of I-75) in Miramar; WSCV's transmitter is located near Hard Rock Stadium in north Miami-Dade County.
 WSCV is one of two commercial television stations with a city of license in Broward County (the other being UniMás flagship WAMI-DT, licensed to Hollywood).
 The station also serves as the "de facto" Telemundo outlet for the West Palm Beach market.
