Earl Carlton "Irish" Krieger (August 30, 1896 – November 10, 1960) was an American football and basketball player, coach of football, basketball, and baseball, and official in football and basketball.
 He was the third head football coach at Bowling Green State Normal School—now known as Bowling Green State University—serving for one season in 1921 and compiling a record of 3–1–1.
 Krieger was also the head basketball coach at Bowling Green State Normal during the 1921–22 season, tallying a mark of 4–10, and the school's head baseball coach in the spring of 1922, notching a record of 7–1.
 Krieger played college football at Ohio University, from which he graduated in 1920.
 He played professional football in the National Football League (NFL), for the Detroit Tigers in 1921 and the Columbus Panhandles in 1922.
The Russia–Syria–Iran–Iraq coalition (RSII coalition), also referred to as 4+1 (in which the "plus one" refers to Hezbollah of Lebanon), is a joint intelligence-sharing cooperation between opponents of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) with operation rooms in Syria's Damascus and Iraq's Green Zone in Baghdad.
 It was formed as a consequence of an agreement reached at the end of September 2015 between Russia, Iran, Iraq and Syria to "help and cooperate in collecting information about the terrorist Daesh group" (ISIL) with a view to combatting the advances of the group, according to the statement issued by the Iraqi Joint Operations Command.
 The statement also cited "the increasing concern from Russia about thousands of Russian terrorists committing criminal acts within ISIS."
In the middle of 2009 the Federal Trade Commission filed a complaint against Sears Holdings Management Corporation (SHMC) for unfair or deceptive acts or practices affecting commerce.
 SHMC operates the sears.com and kmart.com retail websites for Sears Holdings Corporation.
 As part of a marketing effort, some users of sears.com and kmart.com were invited to download an application developed for SHMC that ran in the background on users’ computers collecting information on nearly all internet activity.
 The tracking aspects of the program were only disclosed in legalese in the middle of the End User License Agreement.
 The FTC found this was insufficient disclosure given consumers expectations and the detailed information being collected.
 On September 9, 2009 the FTC approved a consent decree with SHMC requiring full disclosure of its activities and destruction of previously obtained information.
The Jovian Europa Orbiter (JEO) was a feasibility study by the European Space Agency for a mission to Jupiter's moon Europa.
 JEO would be capable of collecting information about Europa by orbiting it, and would have worked together with the "Jovian Relay Spacecraft" (JRS) and the "Jovian Minisat Explorer" (JME).
S-LINK, for "simple link interface", is a high-performance data acquisition standard developed at CERN for collecting information from particle accelerators and other sources.
 Unlike similar systems, S-LINK is based on the idea that data will be collected and stored by computers at both ends of the link, as opposed to a "dumb" devices collecting data to be stored on a "smart" computer.
 Having a full computer at both ends allows S-LINK to be very thin, primarily defining the logical standards used to feed data at high speed from the motherboards to the link hardware interfaces.
Opposition research (also called oppo) is the practice of collecting information on a political opponent or other adversary that can be used to discredit or otherwise weaken them.
 The information can include biographical, legal or criminal, medical, educational, or financial history or activities, as well as prior media coverage, or the voting record of a politician.
 Opposition research can also entail using "trackers" to follow an individual and record their activities or political speeches.
e-Borders was an advanced passenger information programme which aimed to collect and store information on passengers and crew entering and leaving the United Kingdom.
 Passengers details were to be checked against terror and criminal watch lists before being stored on the e-borders database.
 Due to European law on free movement EU carriers and ports supply information to the UK Border Agency on a voluntary basis, however in March 2012 Damian Green said that by April e-Borders would be collecting information an all passengers on 100% of non-EEA flights to the UK.
 The information of the passengers and crew was to be collected by the airline, train operating company, ferry and other carriers and ports and is then passed on to the e-Borders programme via the Carrier Gateway provided by Serco.
 In 2014 it was announced that the system would be scrapped.
Allen W. Snyder was an American football player and coach of football, basketball, and baseball.
 He was the fourth head football coach at Bowling Green State Normal School—now known as Bowling Green State University—serving for one season in 1922 and compiling a record of 4–2–1.
 Snyder was also the head basketball coach at Bowling Green State Normal during the 1922–23 season, tallying a mark of 9–4, and the school's head baseball coach in the spring of 1923, notching a record of 5–3.
Raymond Beebe McCandless (October 6, 1889 – January 8, 1931) was an American football player and coach of football, basketball, and baseball.
 He served as the head football coach at Chadron State College in 1919, at Nebraska Wesleyan University from 1920 to 1922, at Bowling Green State Normal School—now known as Bowling Green State University—in 1923, and at Bethany College in Bethany, West Virginia for the 1924 season, and compiling a career college football record of 23–24–4.
 McCandless was also the head basketball coach at Nebraska Wesleyan from 1920 to 1923, at Bowling Green State Normal during the 1923–24 season, and at Bethany for the 1924–25 season, amassing a career college basketball record of tallying a mark of 60–43.
 In addition, he was the head baseball coach at Bowling Green State Normal in the spring of 1924, tallying a mark of 2–2–2.
 McCandless played football at Nebraska Wesleyan.
Computer-assisted web interviewing (CAWI) is an Internet surveying technique in which the interviewee follows a script provided in a website.
 The questionnaires are made in a program for creating web interviews.
 The program allows for the questionnaire to contain pictures, audio and video clips, links to different web pages, etc.
 The website is able to customize the flow of the questionnaire based on the answers provided, as well as information already known about the participant.
 It is considered to be a cheaper way of surveying since one doesn't need to use people to hold surveys unlike computer-assisted telephone interviewing.
 With the increasing use of the Internet, online questionnaires have become a popular way of collecting information.
 The design of an online questionnaire has a dramatic effect on the quality of data gathered.
 There are many factors in designing an online questionnaire; guidelines, available question formats, administration, quality and ethic issues should be reviewed.
 Online questionnaires should be seen as a sub-set of a wider-range of online research methods.
