The M Machine is an American electronic music duo from San Francisco, California, United States, formed in 2011 and currently consisting of Ben Swardlick and Eric Luttrell.
 They have released four EPs, a single and two remix collections on Skrillex's label OWSLA.
 The group has reached the overall #1 slot on Beatport on multiple occasions.
Harnessed the Storm is a studio album by American electronic music duo Drexciya.
 It was released on Tresor in 2002.
 Designed as the first of seven conceptually linked albums that the duo produced over the course of a single year, it is the only one credited to Drexciya.
 Different aliases were used for the others.
In Return is the second album by American electronic music duo Odesza, released on September 9, 2014 through Counter and Ninja Tune.
 It is the major label debut of the electronic duo after the release of their self-released debut album "Summer's Gone" two years prior and follows up that album.
Ammunition is the third extended play by American electronic music duo Krewella.
 It was released on May 20, 2016 by Columbia Records on streaming and digital download music services.
 Ammunition was preceded by the release of the single "Beggars", on April 28, 2016, shortly followed by the promotional single "Broken Record", which was released on May 10, 2016.
 It is a six-track extended play, and the duo's first major release since the departure of former member Kris Trindl.
 It is also their first major release since their debut album "Get Wet".
Angelspit is an electronic music band originally from Sydney, Australia and currently based in the United States.
 The band was formed in 2004 by vocalists/synthesists Destroyx (Amelia Tan) and ZooG (Karl Learmont).
 The band's music combines stylistic elements of horror, punk, pop and electronic music.
 Their work contains imagery revolving around medical experiments and grotesque societies.
 The band is currently based in Chicago.
 Angelspit has toured with Angel Theory, Ayria, Ikon, KMFDM, Tankt and The Crüxshadows, and have also shared the stage with bands such as The Sisters of Mercy, Nitzer Ebb, Skinny Puppy and Front Line Assembly.
 They performed with Lords of Acid during a 22-date U.S. tour in March 2011 and toured the United States with Blood on the Dance Floor in October 2011.
"White Noise" is a song by British electronic music duo Disclosure, featuring vocals from electronic music duo AlunaGeorge.
 It was released as a digital download in the United Kingdom on 1 February 2013.
 The song peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart.
 The track is the second single from the duo's debut studio album, "Settle" (2013).
 The song was written by Howard Lawrence, Guy Lawrence, Aluna Francis, George Reid and James Napier.
Streets of Gold is the third studio album by American electronic music duo 3OH!
3.
 It was released on June 29, 2010 in the United States and July 19, 2010 in the United Kingdom.
 The album debuted at number seven on the US "Billboard" 200, selling 41,000 copies in its first week.
 Upon its release, "Streets of Gold" received generally mixed reviews from most music critics.
"Setting Fires" is a song by American DJ duo The Chainsmokers, released as a promotional single from the duo's second extended play, "Collage" (2016).
 It features the vocal collaboration of American electronic music duo XYLØ.
 The song was written by Melanie Fontana, Jon Asher and Andrew Taggart.
 "Setting Fires" was released on November 4, 2016, through Disruptor Records and Columbia Records.
Blood on the Dance Floor is an American electronic music duo from Orlando, Florida, formed in 2006.
 The group's former line-up consisted of Dahvie Vanity and Jayy Von Monroe.
 As of 2017, the current members of the group are Dahvie Vanity and Fallon Vendetta.
 The group released eight studio albums: "Let's Start A Riot" in 2008, "It's Hard to Be A Diamond In A Rhinestone World" in 2008, "Epic" in 2010, "All the Rage in 2011", "Evolution" in 2012, "Bad Blood" in 2013, "Bitchcraft" in 2014, and "Scissors" in 2016.
 The group released several EPs and a remix album as well before announcing they will be disbanding in 2016.
The Hundred in the Hands is the eponymous debut studio album by American electronic music duo The Hundred in the Hands, released on September 11, 2010 by Warp.
 The album received generally favorable reviews, with a Metacritic score of 74 out of 100, based on 13 reviews.
 In January 2011, the album earned the duo a nomination in the Pop/Rock category at The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards.
 The song "Pigeons" was used in the third episode of the fifth season of "Gossip Girl", titled "The Jewel of Denial" and originally aired October 10, 2011.
