Mary Nielsen Cook (born June 8, 1951) was a counselor in the general presidency of the Young Women organization of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 2007 to 2013.
 She served as second counselor to Susan W. Tanner, with Elaine S. Dalton as first counselor, from March 2007 until April 2008.
 In April 2008, Dalton succeeded Tanner as Young Women General President and selected Cook as her first counselor.
Frederic Adrian Delano II (September 10, 1863 – March 28, 1953) was an American railroad president born in Manhattan, New York.
 He was a member of the Delano family as a son of Warren Delano Jr. and Catherine Robbins Lyman, brother of Sara Ann Delano, and uncle of U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
 His philanthropic work through the Commercial Club of Chicago strongly impacted his nephew's Presidential policies.
 Delano was Chairman of the Committee on the Regional Plan for New York and Its Environs, which released the regional plan for New York on May 27, 1929.
 He was also a prime organizer of the "Regional Plan for New York and Its Environs," published in 1928.
 He was also a member of the Commercial Club of Chicago which affected the development of Chicago in the 19th and 20th centuries.
 Delano was the first vice-chairman of the Federal Reserve and the National Resources Planning Board.
"Alternative facts" is a phrase used by U.S. Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway during a "Meet the Press" interview on January 22, 2017, in which she defended White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer's false statement about the attendance numbers of Donald Trump's inauguration as President of the United States.
 When pressed during the interview with Chuck Todd to explain why Spicer "utter[ed] a provable falsehood", Conway stated that Spicer was giving "alternative facts".
 Todd responded, "Look, alternative facts are not facts.
 They're falsehoods."
Alternative facts is a term in law to describe inconsistent sets of facts put forth by the same party in a court given that there is plausible evidence to support both alternatives.
 The term is also used to describe competing facts for the two sides of the case.
Wendy Ruth Sherman (born 1949) is Senior Counselor at Albright Stonebridge Group and also Senior Fellow at Harvard Kennedy School's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs.
 She served as Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, the fourth-ranking official in the U.S. Department of State, from September 2011 to October 2015.
 She has formerly worked as a social worker, the director of EMILY's list, the director of Maryland's office of child welfare, and the founding president of the Fannie Mae Foundation.
 During the Clinton Administration, she served as Counselor of the United States Department of State and Special Advisor to the President and Secretary of State and North Korea Policy Coordinator.
 In the latter role, she was instrumental in negotiations related to North Korea's nuclear weapon and ballistic missile programs.
 She was also the lead negotiator for the Iran nuclear deal.
The Bowling Green massacre is a fictitious incident alluded to by U.S. Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway in interviews with "Cosmopolitan" and TMZ on January 29, 2017, and in an interview on the MSNBC news program "Hardball with Chris Matthews" on February 2, 2017.
 Conway cited it as justification for a travel and immigration ban from seven Muslim-majority countries enacted by United States President Donald Trump.
 However, no such massacre occurred.
 The day after the interview, Conway said she misspoke and had been referring to the 2011 arrest of two Iraqi refugees in Bowling Green, Kentucky on charges including "attempting to provide material support to terrorists and to al-Qaeda in Iraq".
 She stated that she had mentioned the incident because it led President Barack Obama to tighten immigration procedures for Iraqi citizens.
Drug Facts For Young People is an English-language magazine published annually by Regional Maple Leaf Communications Inc.
 It was first published in 1986 and is aimed at young teens.
 Drug Facts For Young People focuses on making young people aware of their own values, the influences of their peers and role models, and encourages them to make a positive choice regarding drugs and alcohol.
 Some schools in US and Canada use the book as an extra curriculum activity.
 Drug Facts For Young People has been endorsed by the RCMP Foundation since 1999 and was formerly illustrated by Ben Wicks from 1996 - 2000.
 After his death, RMC created "The Ben Wicks Award" in his honor and each year, up-and coming artists from Canada and the US entered the contest for a chance to win the right to illustrate the book and collect the $10,000 prize.
Truman State University (TSU or Truman) is a public liberal arts and sciences university located in Kirksville, Missouri, United States.
 It is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges.
 It had 6,379 enrolled students in the fall of 2015, with 6,039 undergraduate and 340 postgraduate students, pursuing degrees in 48 undergraduate, and eight graduate programs.
 The university is named after U.S. President Harry Truman, the only president born in Missouri.
 Until 1996, the school was known as Northeast Missouri State University, but the Board of Trustees voted to change the school's name to better reflect its statewide mission.
 In the 2016 U.S. News & World Report College Rankings, Truman placed eighth in the Midwest among regional universities.
 Truman State is the only public institution in Missouri that is officially designated to pursue highly selective admissions standards.
James Buchanan Jr. ( ; April 23, 1791June 1, 1868) was the 15th President of the United States (1857–61), serving immediately prior to the American Civil War.
 He is the only president from Pennsylvania, the only president to remain a lifelong bachelor, and the last president born in the 18th century.
 A member of the Democratic Party, he was the 17th United States Secretary of State and served in the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives.
R. Nicholas Burns (born January 28, 1956) is a university professor, columnist, lecturer and former American diplomat.
 He is currently Professor of the Practice of Diplomacy and International Politics at Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government and a member of the Board of Directors of the school's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs.
 At the Harvard Kennedy School, he is Director of The Future of Diplomacy Project and Faculty Chair for the programs on the Middle East and India and South Asia.
 He is Director of the Aspen Strategy Group, Senior Counselor at the Cohen Group and serves on the Board of Directors of Entegris, Inc.
 He writes a biweekly column on foreign affairs for the Boston Globe and is a senior foreign affairs columnist for GlobalPost.
 He also serves on the Board of Directors of the Council on Foreign Relations, Special Olympics, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, the Atlantic Council, the Appeal of Conscience Foundation, the Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress, American Media Abroad, the Gennadius Library and the Richard Lounsberry Foundation.
 He is Vice Chairman of the American Ditchley Foundation and serves on the Panel of Senior Advisors at Chatham House, the Royal Institute of International Affairs.
 During his career in the State Department, he was United States Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs within the United States Department of State.
 Appointed by President George W. Bush, he was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on March 17, 2005 and was sworn into office by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
 As Under Secretary, he oversaw the bureau's responsible for U.S. policy in each region of the world and served in the senior career Foreign Service position at the Department.
 He retired on April 30, 2008.
 He was a Visiting Scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington D.C. in summer 2008.
 In July 2009, Burns joined The Cohen Group, a consulting firm in Washington D.C, as a Senior Counselor.
