Ordos Ejin Horo Airport (IATA: DSN, ICAO: ZBDS) is an airport serving Ordos City in China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
 It is located in Ejin Horo Banner.
 First built in 1959 and called Dongsheng Airport, the airport ceased operation in 1983.
 In 2005 the airport was rebuilt at the current site with an investment of 350 million yuan, and re-opened in July 2007.
The 2011 FIA GT1 Ordos round was an auto racing event held at the Ordos International Circuit, Ordos City, China on 2–4 September, and was the eighth round of the 2011 FIA GT1 World Championship season.
 It was the FIA GT1 World Championship's first race held in China, as well as at the 3.751 km Ordos.
 The event was supported by Formula Pilota, and the overall event was held under the title of the "Kangbashi Cup".
Dalad Banner (Mongolian: ᠳᠠᠯᠠᠳ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Далад қосиу "Dalad qosiɣu"; ) is a banner of western Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, lying on the southern (right) bank of the Yellow River.
 It is under the administration of Ordos City, although it is closer to the city of Baotou, 33 km to the north-northwest.
Altanochir (1882–1949) was an Inner Mongolian prince, politician, and general under the Republic of China and Mengjiang governments.
 He served as deputy head of Yeke-juu League (today Ordos City).
 An ethnic Mongol, he was a native of Right-Wing Rear Banner, Ordos (today administered as Hanggin Banner, Ordos City).
Ordos Mongolian (also "Urdus"; Mongolian ᠣᠷᠳᠣᠰ ; Chinese 鄂尔多斯 "È'ěrduōsī") is a variety of Central Mongolic spoken in the Ordos City region in Inner Mongolia and historically by Ordos Mongols.
 It is alternatively classified as a language within the Mongolic language family or as a dialect of the Central Mongolian Mongolian standard language.
 Due to the research of Antoine Mostaert, the development of this dialect can be traced back 100 years.
Sky Vision (Yuan-Jian or Yuanjian, 远见) UAVs are a series of Chinese UAVs developed by [ Beijing Sky Universe Digital City Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (Spaceware, 北京天宇数字城市科技有限公司)], and some of which are manufactured by its subsidiary Ordos City China Science Flying Universe Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (鄂尔多斯市中科飞宇科技有限公司)
Yu Wenxia (; born 6 August 1989) is a Chinese actress, television host, singer, model and beauty queen.
 She won Miss World 2012 in Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, the second Chinese national to do so after Zhang Zilin in 2007.
Jessica Michelle Kahawaty (Arabic:جيسيكا ميشيل قهواتي; born 12 September 1988 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a Lebanese Australian lawyer, TV Host, beauty queen, model, charity worker, and most recently the face and presenter for Yahoo Maktoob's new entertainment shows, 'omg!
 NOW' and 'omg!
 NUJOOM'.
 Jessica won Miss World Australia 2012, then proceeded to Miss World 2012 in Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, China, where she claimed second runner-up.
She competed in Miss Lebanon 2010 held at the LBC studios in Adma, Lebanon.
 Despite receiving the highest scores from nine independent jury members, she was only rewarded the position of third runner-up.
 She received the highest score in swimwear, with a score of 9.778, ranked first again in evening wear with a mark of 9.811, and ranked second in questions with a difference of only 0.006 from first.
 Kahawaty previously represented Lebanon at the age of 19, at the Miss International 2008 pageant held in Macau on 8 November 2008, where she placed as one of the Top 12 semi-finalists.
The 2010 Ordos Superleague Formula round was a Superleague Formula round held on October 3, 2010, at the newly built Ordos International Circuit, Ordos City, China.
 It was Superleague Formula's first visit to China, and is followed the week after by a round through the streets of Beijing.
 It was the tenth round of the 2010 Superleague Formula season.
Ordos International Circuit(Chinese:鄂尔多斯国际赛车场), built in 2010, is a motorsport facility located in Kangbashi New Area, Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, China.
 It hosted a round of the China Touring Car Championship, Scirocco Cup China and Superleague Formula in 2010.
 The circuit is 3.751 km long with 18 corners.
