Nasu (Also; Druj Nasu, Nasa, Nas, Nasuš) is the Avestan name of the female Zoroastrian demon ("daeva") of corpse matter.
 She resides in the north ("Vendidad".
 7:2), where the Zoroastrian hell lies.
 Nasu takes the form of a fly, and is the manifestation of the decay and contamination of corpses ("nasa") ("Bundahishn".
 28:29).
 When a death occurs, Nasu inhabits the corpse and acts as a catalyst for its decomposition.
 Nasu appears in various texts within the Avesta, notably the "Vendidad", as the "Vendidad" gives particular focus to demons, purification rituals, and the disposal of corpses and other dead matter.
 Nasu is commonly considered “the greatest polluter of Ahura Mazda’s world.”
 Belief in Nasu has greatly influenced Zoroastrian funeral rites and burial ceremonies, as well as the general disdain for corpse matter that is harbored within Zoroastrian practitioners.
The Heaven & Hell Tour was the ninth world concert tour by Black Sabbath between April 1980 and February 1981 to promote their 1980 studio album, "Heaven and Hell."
 The tour marked the band's first live shows with vocalist Ronnie James Dio, who replaced original vocalist Ozzy Osbourne the previous year; drummer Vinny Appice, who replaced original drummer Bill Ward in the middle of the tour's North American leg after Ward suddenly left the band due to personal issues; and keyboardist Geoff Nicholls, who played keyboards on the "Heaven and Hell" album and accompanied the band on this tour as a sideman.
 For a portion of the North American tour, which was popularly known as the "Black and Blue Tour", Black Sabbath co-headlined with Blue Öyster Cult, with whom they shared a manager, Sandy Pearlman.
 The arrangement reportedly set attendance records but caused friction between the two bands as well as between Black Sabbath and Pearlman.
To Heaven from Hell is an EP released by the heavy metal band Diamond Head.
 Although all the songs on this EP were initially released on "Borrowed Time", this is a collection of Diamond Head's early demos from before their debut album "Lightning to the Nations" was released.
 This album gives an insight to how the band initially wished their songs to sound before MCA tried to commercialize Diamond Head.
In the United States, a continuing resolution is a type of appropriations legislation.
 An appropriations bill is a bill that appropriates (gives to, sets aside for) money to specific federal government departments, agencies, and programs.
 The money provides funding for operations, personnel, equipment, and activities.
 Regular appropriations bills are passed annually, with the funding they provide covering one fiscal year.
 The "fiscal year" is the accounting period of the federal government, which runs from October 1 to September 30 of the following year.
 When Congress and the president fail to agree on and pass one or more of the regular appropriations bills, a continuing resolution can be passed instead.
 A continuing resolution continues the pre-existing appropriations at the same levels as the previous fiscal year (or with minor modifications) for a set amount of time.
 Continuing resolutions typically provide funding at a rate or formula based on the previous year's funding.
 The funding extends until a specific date or regular appropriations bills are passed, whichever comes first.
 There can be some changes to some of the accounts in a continuing resolution.
 The continuing resolution takes the form of a joint resolution, and may provide bridging funding for existing federal programs at current, reduced, or expanded levels.
In demonology, Marchosias is a great and mighty Marquis of Hell, commanding thirty legions of demons.
 In the Ars Goetia, the first book of "The Lesser Key of Solomon" (17th century), he is depicted as a wolf with gryphon's wings and a serpent's tail, spewing fire from his mouth, but at the request of the magician he may take the form of a man.
 He is a strong fighter and gives true answers to all questions, and is very faithful to the magician in following his commands.
 Before his fall he belonged to the angelic order of Dominations (or Dominions), and when he was bound by Solomon he told him that after 1,200 years he hoped to return to Heaven ("unto the Seventh Throne").
"Gives You Hell" is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released as the lead single from their third studio album "When the World Comes Down" on September 30, 2008.
Stephanie Opal Weinstein (born 1973) is an American musician.
 She is the ex-wife of Pantera frontman Phil Anselmo.
 They were married on the 31st of October 2001, on Anselmo's property in Louisiana.
 That same year they created an acoustic band called Southern Isolation, releasing a self-titled EP.
 The original EP contained four songs, with the re-release containing a fifth song, "Southern Man I Am" in which Anselmo joined Weinstein on vocals.
 Before Southern Isolation, Weinstein was in a New Orleans-based band called Virago.
 They released one album called Transition on St. Rock Records.
 Weinstein sang and wrote/co-wrote several of their songs.
 During her time with Anselmo, Weinstein joined several of his side projects including Viking Crown, the unreleased Body and Blood, and the death metal band Necrophagia.
 She appeared in Necrophagia's DVD release "Through the Eyes of the Dead", and sang back up vocals along with Anselmo's sister on Down's song "Landing on the Mountains of Meggido" from .
 In 2004, Weinstein and Anselmo divorced.
 Later that year she auctioned off some items she was given by Anselmo during the time they were together.
 The comment on the auctions said:
Fred Smith (born 10 April 1948, New York) is an American bass guitarist, best known for his work with Television.
 He was the original bassist with Blondie until he replaced Richard Hell when Hell left Television in 1975 to form The Heartbreakers.
 At the time, Television played at CBGB along with Blondie.
 According to Smith, "Blondie was like a sinking ship and Television was my favorite band."
 Smith also participated in the solo albums of the Television guitarists Tom Verlaine and Richard Lloyd, and played with such artists as The Roches, Willie Nile, and Peregrins.
 From 1988 to 1989 he played bass, recorded, and toured with The Fleshtones.
The Neon Boys was an early 1970s New York City punk band, composed of Tom Verlaine, Richard Hell and Billy Ficca.
 The trio later went on to form the influential rock band Television in 1973; Richard Hell also went on to form the influential punk band Richard Hell and the Voidoids.
Brigid Dawson sang and played keyboard and tambourine for Thee Oh Sees.
 She is noted for her "whimsical" harmonies and is credited with helping front man John Dwyer write melodies.
 Reviewing a show they played in New York, Impose Magazine wrote, "Brigid Dawson's backing vocals are the band's silver lining".
 Soundscapes noted in an album review, "Once again, Dwyer’s secret weapon is Brigid Dawson, whose vocal interplay gives them a leg-up in the male-dominated garage rock scene."
 Her voice has been compared to Kim Deal and Exene Cervenka, among others.
