Joachim B. Hansen (born 26 May 1979) is a Norwegian mixed martial artist.
 He began his career fighting for FinnFight before moving on to fight for Shooto where he became the first Scandinavian person to hold an MMA world title after winning the Shooto World Lightweight Championship in 2003 from Takanori Gomi.
 Hansen later fought for the Pride Fighting Championship and most recently Dream where he became the Dream Lightweight Champion after winning the Dream 5: Lightweight Grand Prix 2008 Final Round but then lost the title to Shinya Aoki at Dream 11.
 After a record of 19–9–1 Hansen suffered his first defeat by knockout to Japanese fighter Hiroyuki Takaya at Dream 14.
Joshua Joseph Thomson (born September 21, 1978) is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes in Bellator MMA's lightweight division.
 A professional competitor since 2001, Thomson has also competed in PRIDE, Strikeforce, UFC, the World Fighting Alliance, and appeared at Dynamite!!
 2010.
 Thomson is a former Strikeforce World Lightweight Champion and a former Strikeforce U.S. Lightweight Champion.
Beau Jack (born Sidney Walker; April 1, 1921 – February 9, 2000) was an American lightweight boxer and two-time world lightweight champion in the 1940s.
 One of the most popular fighters during the War Years, he headlined at Madison Square Garden on twenty one occasions, a record that still stands.
 He was considered "The greatest lightweight ever" by Cus D'Amato, famous boxing trainer and manager.
Solly Seeman was the 1920 AAU National Featherweight Amateur Champion.
 He was a legitimate contender for the Lightweight Champion of the World during March and April 1925, when he won the first two rounds of the NYSAC World Lightweight Elimination tournament.
 "Ring Magazine" rated him fifth among World Lightweight Contenders in 1925.
Michael Ayers (born 26 January 1965) is a British form boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1995 and 1997 and IBO world lightweight champion between 1999 and 2001.
Shinya Aoki (青木 真也 , Aoki Shin'ya , born May 9, 1983) is a Japanese mixed martial artist and grappler currently competing in ONE Championship's and Rizin Fighting Federation's Lightweight division.
 A professional competitor since 2003, he is noted for being the DREAM Lightweight Champion, ONE Lightweight Champion, former WAMMA Lightweight Champion and former Shooto Welterweight Champion.
 Aoki is an A-class Shoot wrestler and BJJ black belt, both under his long-term mentor Yuki Nakai, as well as a black belt judoka.
 As of 2008, Aoki, along with DEEP champion Masakazu Imanari, and Sengoku champion Satoru Kitaoka have founded the "Nippon Top Team" as a group of elite Japanese grapplers competing in MMA.
 As well as his MMA credentials, Aoki has garnered several submission grappling accolades including two All Japan Jiu-Jitsu Championships, a Japan Open Jiu-Jitsu Championship, a Budo Open Championship, and an ADCC Japan Championship.
Kaoru "Caol" Uno (宇野薫 , Uno Kaoru ) (born May 8, 1975) is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
 He is the Co-Champion of the UFC 41 Lightweight Tournament and a former Shooto Lightweight Champion.
 As one of the early Ultimate Fighting Championship's elite Lightweight competitors, Uno competed for the UFC Lightweight Championship on two separate occasions.
 Despite falling short in both championship bouts; losing a five-round decision against Jens Pulver at UFC 30, to determine the inaugural UFC Lightweight Champion as well as a draw against B.J. Penn at UFC 41 (in a bout which would have determined the new UFC Lightweight Champion and UFC 41 Lightweight Tournament Winner), Uno is acknowledged as a pioneer for his impact and influence during the early era of the UFC Lightweight Division.
Mogens Palle (born 14 March 1934) is a Danish professional boxing promoter and manager.
 He was involved in more than 200 matches for European and world titles and worked with Ayub Kalule, Tom Bogs, Jimmy Bredahl, Thomas Damgaard, Brian Nielsen, Chris Christensen, Jørgen Hansen, Steffen Tangstad and Mikkel Kessler, among other boxers.
 In the mid-1960s he was the European manager of Sonny Liston, and in 2001 organized the match between Mike Tyson and Brian Nielsen in Denmark.
 He also brought to Denmark boxing stars like Carlos Monzon, Larry Holmes, Emile Griffith, Ken Buchanan and John Conteh.
 During his career he worked together with his father Thorkild and daughter Bettina.
 In 2008 he was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.
Vítor Ribeiro (born February 24, 1979 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a retired professional mixed martial artist who competed in the Lightweight division.
 A professional competitor since 2001, he has formerly competed for Strikeforce, Shooto, DREAM, Cage Rage, Cage Force, the World Fighting Alliance, and K-1 HERO'S.
 Ribeiro is the former Cage Rage World Lightweight Champion and the former Shooto World Lightweight Champion.
Joe Gans (born Joseph Gant; November 25, 1874 – August 10, 1910) was an African-American boxer, born in Baltimore, Maryland, who was rated the greatest lightweight boxer of all time by boxing historian and "Ring Magazine" founder, Nat Fleischer.
 Gans was known as the "Old Master".
 He fought from 1891 to 1909.
 He was the first African-American World Boxing Champion of the 20th century, reigning continuously as World Lightweight Champion from 1902-1904 and 1906-1908.
