The Socialist Party of Transylvania was a political party in Romania, active primarily in Transylvania.
 Born out of the ethnic Romanian section of the Social Democratic Party of Hungary (MSZDP), it gradually attracted other socialist and social-democratic groups active in the Transleithanian lands of Austro-Hungary incorporated into the Kingdom of Romania after World War I.
 Although initially it claimed, under the title Social Democratic Party of Transylvania and Banat, the adherence of the MSZDP party sections in Banat, the latter, while maintaining close links with the Transylvania party, constituted themselves as a distinct political organization.
 The party also actively sought the cooperation of the socialist parties active in other regions of Romania, working towards a unified political party of the working class.
 Such plans were however soon thwarted by repression from the part of the Romanian authorities, as well as disagreements both inside the party and among the different socialist formations of Romania.
 The disagreements were further aggravated by the request of the Third International that the leaders of the party that had collaborated with the Romanian National Party be excluded from the merger, and eventually resulted in the split between the reformist social-democrats and the revolutionary-minded communists.
 While the former decided to retire from unification talks and re-establish an independent Transyvanian party, the latter joined the majority of Socialist Party of Romania (PSR) to create the Communist Party of Romania in May 1921.
 The social-democratic faction would late join the PSR members that disagreed with the new orientation of their party, founding the Romanian Social Democratic Party in 1927.
Peter B. Krauser (born May 5, 1947) is the Chief Judge on the Court of Special Appeals for the state of Maryland.
 Prior to his appointment to the court, he was the chair of the Maryland Democratic Party.
Kathleen Ann Matthews (née Cunningham; born August 9, 1953) is the former chief communications and public affairs officer for hotel company Marriott International.
 Prior to joining Marriott International, she was a reporter for 25 years at WJLA-TV.
 She was a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives for Maryland's 8th congressional district in the 2016 elections.
 She is the current chair for the Maryland Democratic Party.
The Romanian Social Democratic Party (Romanian: "Partidul Social Democrat Român" , PSDR) was a social-democratic political party in Romania.
 Founded in 1990, after the fall of the Communist party rule in Romania, it claimed to be the direct successor of the Romanian Social Democratic Party existing between 1927 and 1948, when it had merged with the Communist Party of Romania to create the Romanian Workers' Party.
 Joining the Socialist International, the party entered alliances with the Democratic Party (forming "Uniunea Social-Democrată" during the 1996 legislative election), and took part in the Romanian Democratic Convention governments of Victor Ciorbea, Radu Vasile, and Mugur Isărescu (briefly leading the coalition government with Alexandru Athanasiu in 1999).
 The PSDR adhered to the Social Democratic Pole of Romania, and fused into the Social Democratic Party on January 16, 2001.
Osman "Oz" Bengur (born February 23, 1949) is an American investment banker and Democratic party politician.
 Bengur has served as Treasurer for the Maryland Democratic Party and was a candidate for Congress in 2002 and 2006.
 He was also a 2010 candidate for Delegate in Maryland’s 42nd District.
 Bengur was the first American of Turkish descent to run for Congress in the United States.
Oswald Tilghman (1841-1932) was an Officer of Confederate States Army during the American Civil War; a lawyer; Maryland politician; Maryland Senator, Talbot County, (1894–96); Secretary of State of Maryland (1904–08); affiliate of the Maryland Democratic Party; author; and was active in veteran affairs.
 Native of Talbot County, Maryland.
D. Bruce Poole is the former Chairman of the Maryland Democratic Party.
 He was formerly a member of the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 2B, which covers Washington County, Maryland.
 He was defeated in 1998 by Republican Christopher Shank.
The Democratic Party of Oregon, based in Portland, is the official Oregon affiliate of the United States Democratic Party.
 It is recognized by the state of Oregon as a major political party, along with the Oregon Republican Party.
 The State Central Committee, made up of two delegates elected from each of Oregon's 36 counties and one additional delegate for every 15,000 registered Democrats, is the main authoritative body of the party.
 After Oregon was admitted into the Union in 1859, the Democratic party controlled the state.
 Oregon elected twice as many Democrats as Republicans between 1859 and 1879 in statewide elections for governor, secretary of state, state treasurer, and congressmen.
 The party holds 35 members in the State House that has 60 representatives total, and 18 members in the State Senate, out of 30 delegates total.
 The party also holds the Governor's office (Kate Brown), Attorney General (Ellen Rosenblum), Labor Commissioner (Brad Avakian), and State Treasurer (Ted Wheeler).
 The Democrats also have both U.S senate positions in their state and send four of the five U.S House representatives from Oregon to D.C.
The 2016 Maryland Democratic primary were held on April 26 in the U.S. state of Maryland as one of the Democratic Party's primaries ahead of the 2016 presidential election.
The Maryland Democratic Party is the affiliate of the Democratic Party in the state of Maryland, headquartered in Annapolis.
 The current state party chair is Kathleen Matthews.
