Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) is the public body responsible for co-ordinating transport services throughout Greater Manchester, in North West England.
 The organisation traces its origins to the Transport Act 1968, when the SELNEC Passenger Transport Executive was established to co-ordinate public transport in and around Manchester.
 Between 1974 and 2011, this body was known as the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive (GMPTE), until a reformation of local government arrangements in Greater Manchester granted the body more powers and prompted a corporate rebranding.
 The strategies and policies of Transport for Greater Manchester are set by the Greater Manchester Combined Authority and its Transport for Greater Manchester Committee.
Eccles Interchange is a transport hub in Eccles, Greater Manchester, England.
 It is composed of a bus station, and a single-platform Metrolink light rail station, the latter of which is the terminus of the system's Eccles Line.
 It opened on 21 July 2000.
 It is roughly 310 m away from Eccles railway station.
The Greater Manchester Combined Authority (GMCA) is the combined authority of Greater Manchester, England.
 It was established on 1 April 2011 and consists of eleven indirectly elected members, each a directly elected councillor from one of the ten metropolitan boroughs that comprise Greater Manchester together with the Mayor of Greater Manchester.
 The authority derives most of its powers from the Local Government Act 2000 and Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009, and replaced a range of single-purpose joint boards and quangos to provide a formal administrative authority for Greater Manchester for the first time since the abolition of the Greater Manchester County Council in 1986.
St Mary the Virgin's Church is an active Anglican parish church in Eccles, Greater Manchester, England.
 The church is in the Eccles deanery, the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester.
 Together with St Andrew's Eccles, St Paul's, Monton, Christ Church, Patricroft and St James', Hope the church is part of the team benefice of Eccles.
 The church was granted Grade I Listed status in 1964.
The demography of Greater Manchester is analysed by the Office for National Statistics and data is produced for each of its ten metropolitan boroughs, each of the Greater Manchester electoral wards, the NUTS3 statistical sub-regions, each of the Parliamentary constituencies in Greater Manchester, the 15 civil parishes in Greater Manchester, and for all of Greater Manchester as a whole; the latter of which had a population of 2,682,500 at the 2011 UK census.
 Additionally, data is produced for the Greater Manchester Urban Area.
 Statistical information is produced about the size and geographical breakdown of the population, the number of people entering and leaving country and the number of people in each demographic subgroup.
The Mayor of Greater Manchester is a directly elected political post responsible for the strategic government of Greater Manchester, including health, transport, housing, strategic planning, waste management, policing, the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service and skills.
 The creation of the Mayor of Greater Manchester was agreed between the then Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, and Greater Manchester's 10 district council leaders.
 As well as having specific powers, the Mayor chairs the Greater Manchester Combined Authority, also assuming the powers of the Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner.
 Tony Lloyd was appointed as Interim Mayor for Greater Manchester on 29 May 2015.
Eric Anthony Sykes (5 February 1883–12 May 1945), born Eric Anthony Schwabe in Barton-upon-Irwell, Eccles, Greater Manchester, England, was a soldier and firearms expert.
 He is most famous for his work with William E. Fairbairn in the development of the eponymous Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knife and modern British Close Quarters Battle (CQB) martial arts during World War II.
 Originally working for an import/export company selling weapons in East Asia, he claimed he volunteered for and served in the British Army as a sharpshooter on the Western Front during World War I.
 Returning to China in 1917, he joined the volunteer branch of the Shanghai Municipal Police (SMP) Specials with the rank of Inspector in 1926.
The Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner was the police and crime commissioner, an elected official tasked with setting out the way crime is tackled by the Greater Manchester Police in Greater Manchester.
 The post was created on 21 November 2012, following an election held on 15 November 2012, and replaced the Greater Manchester Police Authority.
 Upon the creation of a Mayor of Greater Manchester and the inaugural election to that position, the duties of Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner were absolved into the mayoralty and the office itself abolished.
 For the entirety of its existence, the commissioner was Labour Party politician Tony Lloyd.
 The police and crime commissioner was required to produce a strategic Greater Manchester Police and Crime Plan, setting out the priorities for the Greater Manchester Police, and their work is scrutinised by the Greater Manchester Police and Crime Panel.
 In November 2014 it was announced that the role would be replaced with a directly elected Mayor of Greater Manchester, and the term of office of the incumbent commissioner was extended to May 2017.
The Greater Manchester County Council (GMCC) was the top-tier local government administrative body for Greater Manchester from 1974 to 1986.
 A strategic authority, with responsibilities for public transport, planning, emergency services and waste disposal, it was composed of 106 members drawn from the ten metropolitan boroughs of Greater Manchester.
 The Greater Manchester County Council shared power with ten lower-tier district councils, each of which directed local matters.
 It was also known as the Greater Manchester Council (GMC) and the Greater Manchester Metropolitan County Council (GMMCC).
The Greater Manchester Integrated Transport Authority (GMITA) was a local government institution responsible for the strategic direction of passenger transport in Greater Manchester.
 It existed from 1969 to 1974 as the SELNEC Passenger Transport Authority and was then replaced by Greater Manchester County Council.
 It was created again in 1986 as the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Authority.
 It was renamed in 2008 as the Greater Manchester Integrated Transport Authority.
 Policy of the authority was delivered by the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive.
 It was replaced by the Greater Manchester Combined Authority in 2011.
