Matthew Butturini (born 7 August 1987 in Murwillumbah) is an Australian field hockey player.
 He is a member of the Australia men's national field hockey team.
 He won a gold medal at the 2010 Men's Hockey World Cup and a gold medal at the 2011 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy.
 He was part of the bronze medal winning Australian team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Murwillumbah is a town in far north-eastern New South Wales, Australia, in the Tweed Shire, on the Tweed River, 848 km north-east of Sydney, 13 km south of the Queensland border and 132 km south of Brisbane.
 At the 2011 census, Murwillumbah had a population of 8,523 people.
 The town's name is often abbreviated to M'bah or Murbah.
Tweed Heads is a city in New South Wales.
 It is located on the Tweed River in north-eastern New South Wales, Australia, in Tweed Shire.
 Tweed Heads is located next to the border with Queensland, adjacent to its "Twin Town" of Coolangatta, which is a suburb of the Gold Coast.
 It is often referred to as a town where people can change time zones – even celebrate New Year twice within an hour – simply by crossing the street, due to its proximity to the Queensland border, and the fact that New South Wales observes daylight saving whereas Queensland does not.
Chillingham is a small village approximately 14 km northwest of Murwillumbah in the Tweed Valley, New South Wales, Australia.
 The Rous River, a tributary of the Tweed River, flows through the town.
Tweed Heads West is a town located on the Tweed River in north-eastern New South Wales, Australia, in Tweed Shire.
Tweed Heads South is a town located on the Tweed River in north-eastern New South Wales, Australia, in Tweed Shire.
The Tweed River is a river situated in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales, Australia.
 It has a mature wave dominated, barrier estuary.
 From the middle reaches of its course, the state boundary between New South Wales and Queensland is located approximately 10 km north of the Tweed River.
SS "Friendship" was an Australian cargo ship which ran aground and sank at Tweed Heads, New South Wales, Australia, at the end of South Wall during a voyage from the Tweed River to Sydney, Australia.
The Ukerabagh Island is a river island, contained within the Ukerabagh Island Nature Reserve, a protected nature reserve, that is located in the mouth of the Tweed River, in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales in eastern Australia.
 The 125 ha reserve is situated near Tweed Heads and 1 km south of a section that defines the border between the states of New South Wales and Queensland.
 The island and reserve is an important site for coastal birds.
Queensborough is an unincorporated community in the municipality of Tweed, Hastings County, in Central Ontario, Canada.
 It is located north of Ontario Highway 7 on the Black River, about 20 km north-west of the village of Tweed and 15 km north-east of the town of Madoc.
