Dongsheng Township () is a township in extreme northwestern Jilin province, China, and it is under the administration of Taonan City.
 , it has 11 villages under its administration.
 It is about 30 km south-southwest of Ulan Hot, Inner Mongolia, 70 km west-northwest of downtown Baicheng, and 83 km northwest of downtown Taonan.
Inner Mongolia University of Technology (IMUT)() is a university in Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.
 It was founded in 1951 and was originally known as the Suiyuan Higher Technical School (绥远省高级工业学校) and then after 1958 the Inner Mongolia Polytechnic Institute (内蒙古工学院) before changing to its current name in 1993.
 It is located in north part of Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
Christians are a minority in Inner Mongolia region of the People's Republic of China.
 There are Orthodox Churches in Labdarin, Manzhou and Hailar.
 The Shouters are active in Inner Mongolia.
Inner Mongolia Normal University (, Mongolian: ) is a university in Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.
 It is located in Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
Inner Mongolia Medical University (内蒙古医科大学) is a university in Inner Mongolia, China under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.
 It is located in Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
 It was renamed from Inner Mongolia Medical College in 2012.
Many alphabets have been devised for the Mongolian language over the centuries, and from a variety of scripts.
 The oldest, called simply the Mongolian script, has been the predominant script during most of Mongolian history, and is still in active use today in the Inner Mongolia region of China and de facto use in Mongolia.
 It has spawned several alphabets, either as attempts to fix its perceived shortcomings, or to allow the notation of other languages, such as Sanskrit and Tibetan.
 In the 20th century, Mongolia first switched to the Latin script, and then almost immediately replaced it with the Cyrillic script for compatibility with the Soviet Union, its political ally of the time.
 Mongol Chinese in Inner Mongolia and other parts of China, on the other hand, continue to use alphabets based on the traditional Mongolian script.
Lingxia () is a township of Taobei District, Baicheng, in northwestern Jilin province, People's Republic of China, located less than 5 km southeast of the border with Inner Mongolia.
 It is served by China National Highway 302 and G12 Hunchun–Ulanhot Expressway, and as the crow flies, is more than 40 km northwest of downtown Baicheng and 37 km southeast of Ulan Hot, Inner Mongolia.
 , it has 5 residential communities (社区) and 11 villages under its administration.
Inner Mongolia Agricultural University (IMAU, , Mongolian: ) is a university in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, China under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.
 It is located in Hohhot, the capital city of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
 It was established in 1952.
Ulanhot (Mongolian: ; Cyrillic: Улаан хот ; Latin transliteration: "Ulaγan qota"; ), formerly known as Wangin Süm, alternatively Wang-un Süme, Ulayanqota (Red City) in Classical Mongolian, and Wangyehmiao or Wangyemiao () in Chinese prior to 1947, is a county-level city and the administrative center of Hinggan League in the East of Inner Mongolia autonomous region.
 Between the years 1947 and 1950, Ulanhot was the capital of Inner Mongolia Region.
 In 1950, the capital moved to Zhangjiakou and then again in 1952 it moved to Hohhot, which remains the capital to this day.
Solun () is town in the Hinggan League, of northeastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, located 120 km northwest, by road, of the city of Ulan Hot.
 Its name in the Mongolian language means "hunted paddock or hunting paddock", which could derive from the fact that the Kangxi Emperor (ruled 1661–1722) of the Qing Dynasty often came here to hunt, after being impressed by the local topography, purple appearance of the environs, valleys enclosed by lofty mountains, and three rivers.
