Held On The Tips Of Fingers is the second album by Sebastian Rochford's British jazz band Polar Bear.
Polar Bear was a gauge battery-electric locomotive built by Wingrove & Rogers in 1921 as works no. 314 for the Groudle Glen Railway on the Isle of Man.
 Together with its sister, "Sea Lion", they were intended to replace two Bagnall steam locos of the same names.
 The locos were not a success and, despite "Polar Bear" being rebuilt with bogies and a battery truck, the steam locos were reboilered and returned to traffic.
 "Polar Bear" was eventually scrapped acround 1926.
Polar Bear is a British experimental jazz band led by drummer Seb Rochford with Pete Wareham and Mark Lockheart on tenor saxophone, Tom Herbert on double bass and Leafcutter John on electronics and occasionally guitar or mandolin.
In Each and Every One is the fifth album by Sebastian Rochford's British jazz band Polar Bear.
Same as You is the sixth studio album by British jazz band Polar Bear.
 It was released on 30 March 2015 by The Leaf Label.
Peepers is the fourth album by Sebastian Rochford's British jazz band Polar Bear.
Polar Bear is a Bagnall steam locomotive built in 1905 for the Groudle Glen Railway, to supplement the similar but slightly smaller "Sea Lion".
 The two Bagnalls were temporarily taken out of service in the 1920s when they were replaced by a pair of battery locomotives.
 These proved unsatisfactory, and "Polar Bear" and "Sea Lion" were returned to traffic.
 The railway was closed for the duration of World War II, and when the line reopened in the late 1940s only "Polar Bear" was returned to traffic.
 Following the 1962 closure of the GGR, "Polar Bear" was sold to the Brockham Museum Trust in 1967.
 In 1982 it passed, with the rest of the Brockham collection, to the Amberley Museum Railway, where it was returned to traffic in the early 1980s.
 "Polar Bear"'s boiler was condemned around 1988, returning to service with a new boiler in 1993.
 Its boiler certificate expired at the end of 2010; with a retube and work on the firebox being required before a return to service.
 Since being based at Amberley, "Polar Bear" has returned to the Groudle Glen on three occasions (1993, 1996 and 2005) to visit.
Dim Lit is the debut album by British jazz band Polar Bear, formed and led by drummer Sebastian Rochford.
Shirokuma Cafe (Japanese: しろくまカフェ , Hepburn: Shirokuma Kafe , lit.
 "Polar Bear Café") is a Japanese manga series by Aloha Higa (ヒガ アロハ , Higa Aroha ) .
 It revolves around the everyday lives of a group of animals mingling with humans at a café run by a polar bear.
 An anime adaptation by Studio Pierrot aired in Japan between April 2012 and March 2013.
 While it never received an official international release (mostly due to its heavy emphasis on Japanese wordplay, which complicates the potential for dubbing into other languages), it is available on the streaming website Crunchyroll as Polar Bear Cafe alongside the television broadcast for global audiences.
Polar Bear is the eponymous third album by Sebastian Rochford's British jazz band Polar Bear.
