The Christian Science Sentinel (originally the "Christian Science Weekly") is a magazine published by the Christian Science Publishing Society based in Boston, Massachusetts.
 The magazine was launched by Mary Baker Eddy in 1898.
 It includes articles, editorials, and accounts of healings from a Christian Science point of view.
"The Last Question" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov.
 It first appeared in the November 1956 issue of "Science Fiction Quarterly" and was anthologized in the collections "Nine Tomorrows" (1959), "The Best of Isaac Asimov" (1973), "Robot Dreams" (1986), the retrospective "Opus 100" (1969), and in "Isaac Asimov: The Complete Stories, Vol.
 1" (1990).
 It was Asimov's favorite short story of his own authorship, and is one of a loosely connected series of stories concerning a fictional computer called Multivac.
 The story overlaps science fiction, theology, and philosophy.
Columbia Publications was an American publisher of pulp magazines featuring the genres of science fiction, westerns, detective stories, romance, and sports fiction.
 The company published such writers as Isaac Asimov, Louis L'Amour, Arthur C. Clarke, Randall Garrett, Edward D. Hoch, and William Tenn.
 Operating from the mid-1930s to 1960, Columbia's most notable magazines were the science fiction pulps "Future Science Fiction", "Science Fiction", and "Science Fiction Quarterly".
 Other long-running titles included "Double Action Western Magazine" (1934–1960), "Real Western" (1935–1960), "Western Action" (1936–1960), "Famous Western" (1937–1960), "Today's Love Stories" (1938–1959), and "Super Sports" (1939–1957).
 In addition to pulp magazines, the company also published some paperback novels, primarily in the science fiction genre.
Christian science fiction is a subgenre of both Christian literature and science fiction, in which there are strong Christian themes, or which are written from a Christian point of view.
 These themes may be subtle, expressed by way of analogy, or more explicit.
 Major influences include early science fiction authors such as C. S. Lewis, while more recent figures include Stephen Lawhead.
 Authors writing in this subgenre face particular difficulties reconciling aspects of science with their Christian beliefs, which may lead to difficulties having their work accepted by the wider science fiction community.
"The Deep" is a science fiction novelette by American writer Isaac Asimov.
 It was written in July 1952 and first published in the December 1952 issue of "Galaxy Science Fiction".
 The story subsequently appeared in the Asimov collections "The Martian Way and Other Stories" (1955) and "The Best of Isaac Asimov" (1973).
 In "In Memory Yet Green", Asimov wrote that his motive in writing the story was to deliberately test whether one could do "anything" in science fiction, so he invented a society in which mother love was considered obscene.
Lawrence (Larry) Eisenberg (born December 21, 1919) is a science fiction writer.
 He is best known for his short story "What Happened to Auguste Clarot?
," published in Harlan Ellison's anthology "Dangerous Visions".
 Eisenberg's stories have also been printed in a number of leading science fiction magazines, including "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Galaxy Science Fiction", and "Asimov's Science Fiction".
 His stories have been reprinted in anthologies such as "Great Science Fiction of the 20th Century", "The 10th Annual of the Year’s Best S-F", and "Great Science Fiction By the World's Great Scientists".
 He is also known for the limericks he posts in the comments sections of various articles in "The New York Times".
"For the Birds" is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov.
 The editor of a proposed fashion magazine wanted a science fiction story about a clothing designer.
 Asimov agreed, and wrote the story in November 1978.
 It was accepted, but the proposed magazine never appeared, and Asimov sold the story to "Asimov's Science Fiction".
 "For the Birds" was published in the May 1980 issue of "Asimov's", and was reprinted in the 1983 collection "The Winds of Change and Other Stories".
 The story was one of three Asimov wrote in the late 1970s set among a series of O'Neill-type space habitats.
"Time Pussy" is an early science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov.
 It was the third of three stories Asimov wrote for John W. Campbell for a new category of science fiction tall tales in "Astounding Science Fiction" called "Probability Zero".
 Campbell rejected the first two stories, "Big Game" and "First Law", since they were not what he was looking for, but he accepted "Time Pussy", albeit unenthusiastically.
 Campbell also wanted to run the story under a pseudonym, since he wanted to encourage new writers to write "Probability Zero" stories.
 Asimov agreed, and chose the name George E. Dale at random.
 The story appeared pseudonymously in the April 1942 issue of "Astounding" and was reprinted under Asimov's name in the 1972 collection "The Early Asimov".
"The Imaginary" is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov.
 It first appeared in the November 1942 issue of "Super Science Stories" and was reprinted in the 1972 collection "The Early Asimov".
 Following the sale of "Half-Breeds on Venus", which was a sequel to "Half-Breed", Asimov suggested to "Astounding Science Fiction" editor John W. Campbell that he write a sequel to the story "Homo Sol".
 Campbell was unenthusiastic, but agreed.
 Since "The Imaginary" lacked the human-alien conflict that he had liked in the earlier story, Campbell ultimately rejected it.
 "The Imaginary" was the twenty-first story written by Asimov, and the twenty-ninth to be published.
 Due to the peculiar workings of the science fiction magazine publishing industry, "The Imaginary" appeared a month after the third story in the Homo Sol Trilogy, "The Hazing".
Cosmic Stories (also known as Cosmic Science-Fiction) and Stirring Science Stories were two American pulp science fiction magazines that published a total of seven issues in 1941 and 1942.
 Both "Cosmic" and "Stirring" were edited by Donald A. Wollheim and launched by the same publisher, appearing in alternate months.
 Wollheim had no budget at all for fiction, so he solicited stories from his friends among the Futurians, a group of young science fiction fans including James Blish and C. M. Kornbluth.
 Isaac Asimov contributed a story, but later insisted on payment after hearing that F. Orlin Tremaine, the editor of the competing science fiction magazine "Comet", was irate at the idea of a magazine that might "siphon readership from magazines that paid", and thought that authors who contributed should be blacklisted.
 Kornbluth was the most prolific contributor, under several pseudonyms; one of his stories, "Thirteen O'Clock", published under the pseudonym "Cecil Corwin", was very successful, and helped to make his reputation in the field.
 The magazines ceased publication in late 1941, but Wollheim was able to find a publisher for one further issue of "Stirring Science Stories" in March 1942 before war restrictions forced it to close again.
