Pipeworks Brewing Company is a brewery in Chicago, Illinois.
 The brewery opened in January 2012 by founders Beejay Oslon and Gerrit Lewis.
 Pipeworks began their brewing different from other microbreweries in that they initially brewed their beers entirely as a series of 'one off' beers that were aimed specifically to the niche market of beer connoisseurs.
 The brewery's stated goal is to release a new beer every week.
 This approach gave the brewery and its beers somewhat of a cult status among beer enthusiasts, with its offerings selling out relatively quickly.
 After seeing significant growth, both in output brand and identity, Pipeworks has since augmented their one-off beers with several of its 'core' beers in 16 ounce can 4-Packs now regularly available widley throughout the Chicago area.
Heineken Light (labelled as "Heineken 3" in Australia ) is a light beer brewed by Heineken for the United States market.
 It was introduced in 2005.
 Heineken light reportedly has: 99 calories per 12 oz.
 bottle and 6.8 grams of carbohydrates.
 The beer has fewer calories, less carbohydrate, and less alcohol than lager beers such as the Heineken Pilsener.
 The beer has 3.3% alcohol by volume.
Enviga is a Nestea carbonated canned green-tea drink.
 Enviga is a trademark of Nestlé licensed to Beverage Partners Worldwide, a joint-venture between The Coca-Cola Company and Nestlé.
 It is available in three flavors: Green Tea, Tropical Pomegranate, and Mixed Berry.
 According to Coca-Cola, Enviga burns 60 to 100 calories per three 12-oz.
(330 ml) cans due to its high EGCG and caffeine content.
 This is disputed by some researchers and public advocates.
Genesee Valley Park is located in the south side of Rochester, New York along the shores of the Genesee River.
 The New York State Barge Canal (the currently in-use portion of the Erie Canal) crosses the Genesee River within the park.
 The University of Rochester is located near the park's north entrance.
Riverton, New York was a planned community built in 1973 in the town of Henrietta, New York, along the Genesee River.
 Riverton was seventh of the thirteen communities receiving Federal guarantee assistance from HUD as part of their New Communities Program created by the Urban Growth and New Community Development Act of 1970.
 $12 million was earmarked for the community.
 Riverton was supposed to encompass a 2335 acre land area bordered on the north by the New York State Thruway, on the west by the Genesee River, on the east by East River Rd., and on the south by the Rush-Henrietta town line, with some development continuing east along Erie Station Rd.
 Original plans called for construction to occur for a 16-year period and eventually house over 25,000 people, with the community including an 18-hole golf course, 12 swimming pools, 3 artificial lakes, a marina on the Genesee, and commercial and industrial centers.
 However, only a small portion of this was built along Scottsville-West Henrietta Rd.
 Created as part of the community were Riverton Knolls, a moderately priced townhouse subdivision, the Riverton Golf Club, a small 9-hole golf course, and the Riverton Park, which included a playground, baseball diamond, river front benches, walking trail, and a volleyball court.
 Also nestled in a bend in the Genesee was a 28 acre forested nature park.
The Blue Mountain Brewery in Afton, Virginia is a brewery which forms, along with Starr Hill Brewery, South Street Brewery, Wild Wolf Brewing Company and Devils Backbone Brewing Company, an integral part of the Brew Ridge Trail.
 Blue Mountain was the first brewery to open in Nelson County.
 They cultivate 1/3 acre of mainly Cascade-variety hops.
 One of their seasonal beers, Blue Reserve, took home the first-ever medal (Silver) for a beer hopped solely with Virginia hops at the world's largest beer competition, the Great American Beer Festival, in 2011 for the American-Belgo Ale category.
 Blue Mountain is also the only Virginia brewery to hold back-to-back Gold medals at the 2010 and 2011 Great American Beer Festival.
 In 2012, a new sister brewery, Blue Mountain Barrel House, was opened by two of the founders of the original Blue Mountain Brewery.
Genesee Brewing Company is an American brewery located along the Genesee River in Rochester, New York.
 In 1878, Genesee Brewing Company moved up into Rochester.
 From 2000 to 2009, the company was known as the High Falls Brewing Company.
 In 2009, High Falls was acquired by the capital investment firm KPS Capital.
 Together with also newly acquired Labatt USA, KPS merged the two companies as North American Breweries.
 Along with this change, High Falls Brewery changed its name back to the original "Genesee Brewing Company" operating under the North American Breweries name.
 In October 2012, North American Breweries was purchased by FIFCO
Genny Light is an American light beer that is produced by the Genesee Brewing Company which is based in Rochester, New York.
 It was launched in 1978.
 The beer has 4.0% alcohol volume and 100 calories per 12 ounce portion.
The Pabst Brewing Company ( ) is an American company that dates its origins to a brewing company founded in 1844 by Jacob Best and was, by 1889, named after Frederick Pabst.
 It is currently the holding company contracting for the brewing of over two dozen brands of beer and malt liquor from now defunct companies including Pabst Blue Ribbon, P. Ballantine and Sons Brewing Company, G. Heileman Brewing Company, Lone Star Brewing Company, Pearl Brewing Company, Piels Bros., Valentin Blatz Brewing Company, National Brewing Company, Olympia Brewing Company, Falstaff Brewing Corporation, Primo Brewing & Malting Company, Rainier Brewing Company, F & M Schaefer Brewing Company, Joseph Schlitz Brewing Company, Jacob Schmidt Brewing Company and Stroh Brewery Company.
Heavy Seas Beer is brewed by Clipper City Brewing Company, in Baltimore, Maryland.
 The brewery was established by Hugh Sisson in 1995.
 Previously, Sisson operated Maryland's first brewpub, Sisson's.
 In 2010, the brewery rebranded.
 While the name of the company remains Clipper City Brewing Company, all of its beer falls under the Heavy Seas brand.
 Heavy Seas hosts tours on most weekends.
 It is located at 4615 Hollins Ferry Road, Suite B, in the Halethorpe section of Baltimore.
 Heavy Seas currently offers a variety of beer styles in approx. 18 states within the United States.
 Several Heavy Seas beers have been awarded and include the following: Cutlass Amber Lager (a repeat medal winner at the Great American Beer Festival from 2006-2010, bronze medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup and silver medal winner at the 2012 World Beer Cup as Heavy Seas Märzen), Powder Monkey Pale Ale (silver medal winner at the 2008 Great American Beer Festival and bronze medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup as Heavy Seas Pale Ale), Small Craft Warning Uber Pils (bronze medal winner at the 2004 Great American Beer Festival), Gold Ale (gold medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup, bronze medal winner at the 2010 Great American Beer Festival and bronze medal winner at the 2014 Great American Beer Festival as Heavy Seas Gold Ale) and Winter Storm Imperial ESB (gold medal winner at the 2008 World Beer Cup).
