Miss Sloane is a 2016 political thriller film directed by John Madden and written by Jonathan Perera.
 The film stars Jessica Chastain, Mark Strong, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Michael Stuhlbarg, Alison Pill, Jake Lacy, John Lithgow, and Sam Waterston.
The Curve is a 1998 thriller starring Matthew Lillard, Keri Russell and Michael Vartan, which premiered at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival under its original title, "Dead Man's Curve".
"Touch" is an American supernatural thriller television series created by Tim Kring and starring Kiefer Sutherland, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, David Mazouz and Danny Glover.
 A special preview of the pilot was broadcast on Fox on January 25, 2012 before moving to its regular time slot on March 22, 2012.
 Sutherland stars as Martin Bohm, a widower whose son Jake uses numbers to see into the future.
 Clea Hopkins (Mbatha-Raw) is a social worker sent to evaluate Martin and Jake's living situation while Martin receives help from Arthur Teller (Glover), a professor who is also an expert on those with numerical clairvoyance.
Newton Knight (November 10, 1829 – February 16, 1922) was an American farmer, soldier and Southern Unionist in Mississippi, best known as the leader of the Knight Company, a band of Confederate army deserters who resisted the Confederacy during the Civil War.
 Local legends tell of Knight and his men forming the "Free State of Jones" in the area in and around Jones County, Mississippi, at the height of the war.
 The nature and extent of the Knight Company's opposition to the Confederate government is disputed among historians.
 After the war, Knight joined the Republican Party and served in Mississippi's Reconstruction government as a deputy US Marshal.
USADIP (United States Army Deserter Information Point) serves as the focal point for U.S. Army deserter reporting by U.S. Army commanders.
 Its mission is to maintain, verify, and disseminate information on regular Army, Army Reserve and Army National Guard deserters to military and civilian law enforcement agencies and U.S. Army commanders; to enter and maintain active Army deserters into the Wanted Person File of the FBI National Crime Information Center in order to effect the return to military control of Army deserters.
Belle is a 2013 British period drama film directed by Amma Asante, written by Misan Sagay and produced by Damian Jones.
 It stars Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Tom Wilkinson, Miranda Richardson, Penelope Wilton, Sam Reid, Matthew Goode, Emily Watson, Sarah Gadon, Tom Felton and James Norton.
The 18th Arkansas Infantry (Marmaduke's) (1861–1865) was a Confederate Army infantry regiment during the American Civil War.
 The unit was also briefly identified as the 1st Arkansas Infantry Battalion.
 The unit was most often referred to as the 3rd Confederate Infantry Regiment.
 The designation "Confederate Infantry Regiment" was intended to convey the difference between Provisional Confederate Army units and Regular Confederate Army Units, with Provisional units being those regiments who received a state designation such as "XX Arkansas Infantry Regiment".
 In practice, the designation was most often utilized when Regiments were assembled utilizing companies from more than one confederate state.
 The "3rd Confederate Infantry Regiment" is occasionally misidentified as the 3rd Arkansas Infantry Regiment commanded by Colonel Van H. Manning.
Free State of Jones is a 2016 American historical period war film inspired by the life of Newton Knight and his armed revolt against the Confederacy in Jones County, Mississippi, throughout the American Civil War.
 Written and directed by Gary Ross, the film stars Matthew McConaughey, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Mahershala Ali, and Keri Russell.
Galvanized Yankees was a term from the American Civil War denoting former Confederate prisoners of war who swore allegiance to the United States and joined the Union Army.
 Approximately 5,600 former Confederate soldiers enlisted in the "United States Volunteers", organized into six regiments of infantry between January 1864 and November 1866.
 Of those, more than 250 had begun their service as Union soldiers, were captured in battle, then enlisted in prison to join a regiment of the Confederate States Army.
 They surrendered to Union forces in December 1864 and were held by the United States as deserters, but were saved from prosecution by being enlisted in the 5th and 6th U.S. Volunteers.
 An additional 800 former Confederates served in volunteer regiments raised by the states, forming ten companies.
 Four of those companies saw combat in the Western Theater against the Confederate Army, two served on the western frontier, and one became an independent company of U.S. Volunteers, serving in Minnesota.
The Whole Truth is a 2016 American thriller film directed by Courtney Hunt and written by Nicholas Kazan.
 The film stars Keanu Reeves, Gabriel Basso, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Renée Zellweger, and Jim Belushi.
