Buildabazaar.com is an e-commerce Saas platform built by Infibeam with operations in India and Middle East.
 The technology infrastructure of infibeam.com was extended as an e-commerce platform and launched as buildabazaar in 2011.
 It is a self-service platform where users can create an e-commerce store, upload their product catalog, customize their site and sell their products.
 Buildabazaar is offered as a SaaS platform for creating online retailing websites and travel booking sites.
QNet Ltd, formerly known as QuestNet, GoldQuest, and QI Limited, is a Hong Kong-based multi-level marketing (MLM) company owned by the QI Group.
 The company sells a variety of products including energy, weight management, nutrition, personal care, home care, and fashion accessories etc. on an e-commerce platform.
 QNet was founded in Hong Kong by Vijay Eswaran in 1998 along with QN Europe and other companies.
 Since it was first introduced in 1998, Qnet (doing business at the time as Questnet) promoted gold and silver coins with an MLM system.
 But the coin collection business was touted as a money game and declared illegal in some countries.
 A few years later Questnet came up with a new name, Qnet and offered various other products via the MLM system.
 It promotes its products on its website using claims "that would not pass official muster in much of the world."
 Despite claiming to be an e-commerce based business, an ordinary retail customer can make a purchase of a product from the website only if they have a referrer ID of an independent representative of QNet.
 Unlike other e-commerce websites; purchases without this ID are not allowed.
 Qnet used websites/servers viz., www.qnetindia.in, www.qnetindia.net, www.qnet.net, www.questnet.net, to conduct its business which were blocked by Indian Computer emergency response team (CERT) following a court order.
 Other websites like portal.qnetindia.net, are being investigated by the government and further action on the websites have been promised after details are gathered.
Souq.com is an English-Arabic language e-commerce platform, often described as the Amazon of the Middle East.
 It is the largest e-commerce platform in the Arab world.
 On March 28, 2017, Amazon.com Inc. confirmed it would be acquiring Souq.com for $580 million.
WhatsNew Group is a Thailand based e-commerce company that is parent to multiple e-commerce brands that include Petloft (pet care), Venbi (mom & baby), Sanoga (health), Lafema (beauty) and MOXY (women's fashion).
 The company leverages technology and the Internet to make home life and online shopping easier for people in Southeast Asia.
 Headquartered in Bangkok, WhatsNew Group sells both international and local brands under each e-commerce vertical.
 It is one of the portfolio companies of Ardent Capital, a venture capitalist based in Thailand.
 As of January 2016, the company merged with Bilna, Indonesia's e-commerce platform for mothers and announced a regional rebrand to the name Orami.
Miroslava Duma is a Russian digital entrepreneur and investor in the world of international fashion.
 She is the founder of digital company Buro 24/7 and its fashion and lifestyle platform Buro247.com.
 She is the co-founder of the e-commerce platform The Tot - a US based curated e-commerce platform for mothers and their children looking for information and healthy, safe, innovative products.
 Miroslava is the CEO and Founder of Fashion Tech Lab, a venture capital fund and accelerator that helps new technologies and sustainable innovations connect, collaborate and create products and brands to evolve the fashion industry and help reduce its social and environmental footprint.
 Miroslava has been cited as ‘a force of the fashion industry’ by the Financial Times and as the ‘most connected digital entrepreneur in fashion’ by Vogue.
GrocerKey is a Madison, Wisconsin company, founded in 2015, that creates e-commerce software for grocery stores to sell products online at their in-store prices.
 Customers can choose to pick up their groceries in the store or have them delivered that day, as long as they order before a certain time.
 The company does not charge fees up front to build the e-commerce platform; instead, the company generates revenue by charging grocers a fee (ranging from less than 1% to 12% on each transaction conducted through the online store depending on the level of service provided by GrocerKey on behalf of the retailer.)
Rakuten, Inc. (楽天株式会社 , Rakuten Kabushiki-gaisha ) is a Japanese electronic commerce and Internet company based in Tokyo and founded in 1997 by Hiroshi Mikitani.
 Its B2B2C e-commerce platform Rakuten Ichiba is the largest e-commerce site in Japan and among the world’s largest by sales.
 The company operates Japan's biggest Internet bank and third-largest credit card company (by transaction value).
 It also offers e-commerce, fintech, digital content and communications services to over 1 billion members around the world, and operates in 29 countries and regions.
 It is often referred to as "the Amazon of Japan."
Cogobuy Group PLC is a publicly listed company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as SEHK: 400.
 The company primarily deals with computer and telecommunication hardware.
 It provides an e-commerce platform for electronic goods in China, although the company and its subsidiaries distribute their products globally.
 It operates the largest transaction-based e-commerce platform for IC and other electronic components in China as measured by GMV in 2013, (Analysys International & CSCI Investment Bank).
Zilzar (Arabic: زلزار) is a privately held, online marketing platform headquartered in Malaysia, specifically catering to Muslim consumers seeking halal products and services.
 The company positions itself as a global Muslim lifestyle marketplace where consumers can access information, content, community and trade.
 This e-commerce platform was launched in 2014 by Malaysian Prime Minister, Dato Sri Muhamad Najib Tun Razak in the 10th World Islamic Economic Forum in Dubai.
 The site was described as a way of empowering the consumer and creating employment for Muslims in emerging markets by the country's prime minister.
 The business describes its aim as connecting Muslim consumers and making it easier for halal traders around the world to conduct business online.
 The platform handles content regarding Islamic societies and products that deals with the compliance of the Islamic Sharia law.
DCKAP is an American and Indian firm that builds e-commerce store fronts for Magento, an open-source e-commerce platform, and is based in Fremont, California.
 DCKAP was founded in 2005 by Indian-American Karthik Chidambaram.
