The 1983–84 Phoenix Suns season was the 16th season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
 The Suns were in the playoffs for the seventh consecutive season, extending a then-franchise record.
 The Suns eliminated their first round opponent, Portland, three games to two before defeating the Utah Jazz and NBA leading scorer, Adrian Dantley, four games to two.
 In the Western Conference Finals, the Suns lost to the Los Angeles Lakers in six games.
 The team was led by head coach John MacLeod, in his 11th year with the Suns, and played all home games in Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The 1988–89 Phoenix Suns season was the 20th season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
 Cotton Fitzsimmons, Suns head coach for the '70–'71 and '71–'72 seasons, returned to the franchise where he got his first head coaching position.
 The Suns also enjoyed the benefits of a trade which brought Tom Chambers to the Valley of the Sun, who would have an All-Star season his first year in Phoenix.
 The Suns' regular seasons successes were carried on through the playoffs, sweeping Denver in the first round and defeating Golden State four games to one in the Western Conference Semifinals.
 The Suns saw their playoff fortunes reverse in the Conference Finals when they met the season's MVP Magic Johnson and the top-seeded Los Angeles Lakers, getting swept four games to zero.
 All home games were played at Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The 1984–85 Phoenix Suns season was the 17th season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
 The Suns were without All-Star Walter Davis for much of the season due to injury.
 They would be without him in the playoffs, extending a then-franchise record to eight consecutive seasons even though the Suns finished the regular season with the team's first losing record since the 1976–77 season.
 The Suns' playoff run would not last long, being swept in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs by the eventual league champions, the Los Angeles Lakers.
 The team was led by head coach John MacLeod, in his 12th year with the Suns, and played all home games in Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The 2010–11 Phoenix Suns season was the 43rd season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 For the first time in eight seasons, the Suns will be without the play of power forward Amar'e Stoudemire, a 5-time All-Star and former Rookie of the Year who joined the New York Knicks in the summer.
 The Suns traded Jason Richardson on December 18, 2010 as part of a trade that brought Vince Carter to the Suns.
 On February 24, 2011, the Suns traded Goran Dragić and the draft pick they got earlier from Orlando in exchange for Aaron Brooks.
 Alvin Gentry was head coach and the Suns played their home games at US Airways Center.
The 1986–87 Phoenix Suns season was the 18th season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
 The Suns started their 14th season under head coach John MacLeod, going 22–34.
 Suns management decided to replace the longstanding MacLeod with Dick Van Arsdale, a former Suns player from the Finals team coached then by MacLeod.
 With Van Arsdale, the Suns would finish the season going 14–12 in their last 26 games of the regular season.
 All Suns home games were played at Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The 1979–80 Phoenix Suns season was the 12th season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association and at 55–27, the team's best regular season record since the franchise's inception.
 The Suns defeated Western Conference foe Kansas City in the opening round of the playoffs, marking the first time the Suns had won a playoff series in back-to-back seasons.
 In the Western Conference Semifinals, the Suns would lose to the Pacific-winning Los Angeles Lakers, who later went on to win the season's championship.
 The Suns were led by head coach John MacLeod, his seventh season with the team, and played all home games in Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The 1975–76 Phoenix Suns season was the eighth season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
 The season included an improbable run to the NBA Finals by a team that had never won a playoff series and made the playoffs only one other season in the franchise's existence.
 With a regular season record of 42–40, the Suns had finished third in the Pacific division standings and improved upon last season's win total by 10 games.
 The ensuing playoff run took plenty by surprise, including a seven-game series win against the Western Conference's top seed Golden State Warriors, a team that had finished 17 games ahead of the Suns in the divisional standings.
 The franchise's first Finals appearance pitted them against a 12-time champion in the Boston Celtics, whose roster featured three players from that season's All-Star Game.
 The 1976 NBA Finals would feature a memorable Game 5 triple-overtime thriller filled with controversies in which the Suns narrowly lost.
 Returning home for Game 6, the demoralized Suns would lose Game 6 and the series but not before endearing a generation of fans to the Suns franchise and showcasing a basketball from the desert southwest.
 The team's "Cinderella" season earned them the nickname Sunderella Suns.
 John MacLeod was head coach and the Suns played their home games at Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The 1985–86 Phoenix Suns season was the 18th season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
 The Suns finished the regular season tied with their third-worst record to that point, going just 32–50.
 Coupled with every team in the Western Conference's Midwest division finishing with a better record than all but two teams from the Pacific division, and the Suns were out of the playoffs for the first time in eight seasons, ending a then-franchise record streak for consecutive playoff berths.
 The Suns were led by head coach John MacLeod, in his 13th year with the Suns, and played all home games in Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The 1980–81 Phoenix Suns season was the 13th season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
 At 57–25, the team had finished with its best regular season record.
 For the Suns, they had appeared in their first Finals five years ago but never could claim a divisional title as their own.
 Atop the Western Conference standings for the first time, the Suns had earned a bye in the first round of the playoffs.
 The offense was highlighted by balanced attack, with four starters averaging 15 points or more a game, but none greater than 19.
 This, despite a trade that meant the departure of four-time All-NBA Paul Westphal, who was swapped for fourth-year All-Star guard Dennis Johnson.
 In the conference semifinals, the Suns would meet the Kansas City Kings, a team they had defeated in the first round one season ago but found more difficult to handle this season.
 After a 22-point win in game one, the Suns would go on to lose game seven and the series.
 The Suns were led by head coach John MacLeod and played all home games in Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The 1981–82 Phoenix Suns season was the 14th season for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
 The Suns were in the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, extending a then-franchise record.
 In the first round, Denver was taken down by the Suns, two games to one.
 Phoenix would find a tougher opponent, however, in the Western Conference Semifinals, getting swept four games to zero by the eventual league champions, Los Angeles Lakers.
 The Suns were led by head coach John MacLeod and played all home games in Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
