The Javelins, sometimes also known as Ian Gillan & the Javelins, was a 1960s band fronted by Ian Gillan of Deep Purple.
 The band played live but never recorded in their initial spell together.
 The other members included rhythm guitarist Tony Tacon, bass player Tony Whitfield,drummer Keith Roach and lead guitarist Gordon Fairminer.
 All from Hayes/Heston area of West London.
Dreamcatcher is a studio album by Ian Gillan, released in September 1997 in Japan, October 1997 in the United Kingdom and in May 1998 in the US.
 All songs were performed by Ian Gillan accompanied by Steve Morris.
 The album was being worked on between 1995 and 1997.
Toolbox is the second solo album by Ian Gillan originally released only in Europe, Japan and Brazil on German label EastWest.
 It was Gillan's last album before his second comeback with Deep Purple in August 1992.
 The subsequent mammoth 10-month tour, which crossed Europe and South America, proved Ian Gillan to be a strong live attraction.
 Although "Toolbox" wasn't a big commercial success it is considered by many as one of Gillan's finest records.
 The album was finally released domestically in the USA in 1997.
WhoCares, full title Ian Gillan & Tony Iommi: WhoCares is a music project by Deep Purple frontman Ian Gillan and Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi and a charity release by the supergroup WhoCares they had formed with the help of other musicians, to raise money to rebuild a music school in Gyumri, Armenia after the destruction of the city in the 1988 earthquake in Armenia.
Joe Mennonna is an accomplished session musician who worked with Ian Gillan and Roger Glover on their 1988 album "Accidentally on Purpose", and toured with Ian Gillan in September 2006 in support of the "Gillan's Inn" album.
 He also appears on Gillan's "Live in Anaheim".
The Ian Gillan Band were an English jazz-rock fusion band formed by Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan in 1975.
Gillan's Inn is an album by Ian Gillan in celebration of his 40 years as a singer.
 The first release was a DualDisc composed of both a CD and a DVD side.
 The CD featured re-recorded tracks from all eras of Ian Gillan's singing career.
 In a recent interview Gillan observed that, despite the number of participants and guest appearances, this was the easiest project he ever put together.
Gorgeous George is the third solo studio album by Scottish musician Edwyn Collins.
 The album was recorded at New River in London, with Collins acting as the producer.
Naked Thunder is a 1990 solo album by Ian Gillan, released soon after his departure from Deep Purple in 1989.
 It features a varied selection of songs, with one of Gillan's most passionate and impressive performances on power ballad "Loving on Borrowed Time" and traditional field lament "No More Cane on the Brazos".
 It was also the first album to feature Ian Gillan's long time writing partner Steve Morris.
 "Naked Thunder" was produced by Leif Mases and features a number of notable guest musicians, including drummer Simon Phillips and former Grease Band keyboard player Tommy Eyre.
Raymond John Fenwick (born 18 July 1946) is an English guitarist and session musician, best known for replacing Steve Howe in The Syndicats, and as the lead guitarist of Ian Gillan's post Deep Purple solo project, the Ian Gillan Band.
