Santa's Little Helper is a recurring character in the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is the pet greyhound of the Simpson family.
 The dog was introduced in the first episode of the show, the 1989 Christmas special "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire", in which his owner abandons him for finishing last in a greyhound race.
 Homer Simpson and his son Bart, who are at the race track in hope of winning some money for Christmas presents, see this and decide to adopt the dog.
Abraham Jedediah Simpson II, often known as Grampa, is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He made his first appearance in the episode entitled "Grampa and the Kids", a Simpsons short on "The Tracey Ullman Show".
 Voiced by Dan Castellaneta, he is the father of Homer Simpson and the grandfather of Bart, Lisa and Maggie Simpson.
 In the 1000th issue of "Entertainment Weekly", Grampa was selected as the Grandpa for "The Perfect TV Family".
Daniel Louis Castellaneta ( ; born October 29, 1957) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and screenwriter.
 Noted for his long-running role as Homer Simpson on the animated television series "The Simpsons", he also voices many other characters for the show, including Abraham "Grampa" Simpson, Barney Gumble, Krusty the Clown, Sideshow Mel, Groundskeeper Willie, Mayor Quimby and Hans Moleman.
Homer Jay Simpson is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the American animated television series "The Simpsons" as the patriarch of the eponymous family.
 He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television, along with the rest of his family, in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.
 Homer was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office.
 Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic strip "Life in Hell" but instead decided to create a new set of characters.
 He named the character after his father, Homer Groening.
 After appearing for three seasons on "The Tracey Ullman Show", the Simpson family got their own series on Fox that debuted December 17, 1989.
"Girly Edition" is the twenty-first episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 19, 1998.
 In the episode, Lisa and Bart Simpson must co-anchor a new news program, though when Bart is seen as a more successful news anchor, Lisa becomes jealous and seeks revenge.
 Meanwhile, in the subplot, Homer Simpson gets a monkey helper because of his laziness.
 "Girly Edition" was the first episode written by Larry Doyle and was directed by Mark Kirkland.
 Much of the subplot was inspired by the film "Monkey Shines".
 Critics gave the episode positive reviews and it was well received by Lisa's voice actress Yeardley Smith.
"Citizen Joe" is the fifteenth episode for season eight of the Canadian-American military science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1".
 The episode features known voice actor Dan Castellaneta, who voices Homer Simpson in "The Simpsons".
 The episode was written by executive producer Robert C. Cooper, the episode was directed by Andy Mikita.
 The episode received a below average Nielsen household rating and received no syndication rating to compare.
 The episode got strong reviews from major media publishers worldwide.
"Homer to the Max" is the thirteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> tenth season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 7, 1999.
 In the episode, Homer discovers that a new television show, "Police Cops", has a hero also named Homer Simpson.
 He is delighted with the positive attention he receives because of his name, but when the television character is rewritten from a hero to a bumbling idiot, he is mocked and taunted, so he changes his name to "Max Power" to rid himself of the negative attention.
 Max gains new friends, and is forced into a protest to prevent a forest from being knocked down.
 In the end, he changes his name back to Homer Simpson.
Morris "Moe" Szyslak is a fictional character from the American animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is voiced by Hank Azaria and first appeared in the series premiere episode "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire".
 Moe is the proprietor and bartender of Moe's Tavern, a Springfield bar frequented by Homer Simpson, Barney Gumble, Carl Carlson, Lenny Leonard, Sam, Larry, and others.
Nedward "Ned" Flanders, Jr. is a recurring fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 He is voiced by Harry Shearer, and first appeared in the series premiere episode "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire".
 He is the good-natured, cheery next-door neighbor to the Simpson family and is generally loathed by Homer Simpson.
 A devout Evangelical Christian with an annoyingly perfect family, he is among the friendliest and most compassionate of Springfield's residents and is generally considered a pillar of the Springfield community.
"Homer Simpson, This Is Your Wife" is the fifteenth episode of the seventeenth season of the American animated television sitcom "The Simpsons".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 26, 2006, and was watched by around ten million people during that broadcast.
 In the episode, Homer signs the Simpson family up for a reality show in which the mothers of two families switch places.
 Marge gets to live with a friendly man named Charles and his perfect son, while Homer, Bart, and Lisa must spend time with Charles' strict wife Verity.
