The 2011–12 season was Derby County's 106th season in the Football League and their 113th overall in league football.
 It was their fourth consecutive season in the second tier following the previous campaign and their 44th overall.
 Derby started the season well, winning their first 4 league games in August, which was also club's best league start since the 1905–06 season.
 However, the club were knocked out of the first round of League Cup against League Two opposition for the third season in a row against Shrewsbury Town.
 Derby maintained their top 2 position in September, with the main highlight being a 2–1 win at local rivals Nottingham Forest, despite the fact that goalkeeper Frank Fielding gave away a penalty and was sent off after 67 seconds, Jeff Hendrick's winner in the game was his first goal in senior football.
 October and November were disappointing with Derby picking up only 1 win and 5 points out of a possible 30 as Derby fell to 15th place in the league, with a 4–0 defeat at rivals Leicester City at the start of the month, starting the slump in form.
 In mid-October, Nigel Clough and his backroom staff signed new 3 1/2-year contracts.
 Derby picked up form in December and January, losing only twice in 9 games, picking up 17 points as Derby ended the month 12th peaking at 8th in mid-January.
 February was another disappointing month, where they picked up on 1 point, scoring no goals with them club suffering their 2nd 4–0 defeat of the season to the hands of Southampton by the end of the month, Derby were 15th in the table.
 From the start of April to mid march, Derby picked up 14 points out a possible 21 which lifted Derby to 11th in the table, 5 points off the play-offs with 4 games remaining, Derby manager Nigel Clough however ruled out a play-off place, wishing there was more the 4 games left as the club were showing great form.
 However defeats to Middlesbrough and Cardiff City in 4 days ended the Derby's play-off chances.
 Derby finished the season 12th in the league, 11 points off the play-off players, with Nigel Clough being satisfied with the performances of the team, stating a lack of firepower as the reason why they fell short and a target to improve in 2012–13.
 Derby ended the season with a win and a draw as they finished in 12th place on 64 points, 7 places and 15 points better off than the previous season, the club's first top half finish since promotion in 2007 and best league standing since relegation in 2008.
The Derbyshire County FA Senior Cup is a local county football cup for teams based in the county of Derbyshire.
 Founded in 1883-1884, the first competition was won by Staveley, who beat Derby Midland 2-1 in the final.
 1885-1886 saw Heeley from Yorkshire win the competition.
 It wasn't until 1892 that the county's top club Derby County first won the trophy.
 This delay was partially helped by a disagreement during Derby County's first season 1884-1885.
 After beating Derby St. Luke's and Wirksworth, Derby County were drawn at home to Long Eaton Rangers in the third round.
 The club applied for a week's delay in playing the fixture, however Long Eaton Rangers claimed the tie stating that they weren't aware of any change in date and had arrived on the set date to play.
 A correspondent of the 'Derby Daily Telegraph' wrote that the referee had arrived to take charge on the re-arranged date.
 The Derbyshire County FA awarded the tie to Long Eaton Rangers and the following season Derby County played in the Birmingham and District FA Senior Cup and set up their own Charity Cup.
 Players also boycotted playing for the County FA team in protest.
 It wasn't until 1887-1888 that Derby County next played in their own county's competition, where again in the third round they were drawn to play Long Eaton Rangers who won the tie 4-1.
Jack "Jackie" Stamps (2 December 1918 – 19 November 1991) was an English footballer who scored two goals in the 1946 FA Cup Final for Derby County in a 4-1 win against Charlton Athletic.
 This is Derby's only FA Cup triumph.
 Stamps came close to scoring in regular time but the ball burst as he shot, making it easier to save.
 Stamps was famous for his powerful shot and is a cult figure in Derby County history, with the club's annual Player of the Year award being named after him.
Craig Forsyth (born 24 February 1989) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a left-sided defender for English club Derby County.
 He previously played for Dundee before joining Watford in 2011, before joining Derby County in 2013.
 He has also had loan spells at Montrose, Arbroath, Bradford City and Derby County.
Pride Park Stadium is an all-seater football stadium in Derby, England, that is the home ground of English Football League club Derby County.
 With a capacity of 33,597, it is the 16th-largest football ground in England and the 20th-largest stadium in the United Kingdom.
 Located on Pride Park, a business park on the outskirts of Derby city centre, the stadium was built as part of the commercial redevelopment of the area in the 1990s.
 Derby County have played at the ground since it opened in 1997 as a replacement for their former home, the Baseball Ground.
 Due to sponsorship, the venue was officially known as the iPro Stadium between 2013 and 2016.
John Leslie "Les" Moore (7 July 1933 – 1992) was an English footballer who made 203 appearances in the Football League playing for Derby County and Lincoln City.
 He played as a centre half.
 He played for Worksop Town in the Midland League before joining Derby County for a £1,000 fee, and also played non-league football for Boston United and Buxton, who he also managed until 1970.
 He remained a semi-professional footballer throughout his career, while working as an insurance salesman.
Thomas Needham was an English footballer who played for Derby County.
 He played for Derby when they were known as Derby County Wanderers.
 He played the position of centre forward.
 He made a total of 15 league appearances and 5 FA CUP appearances that are on record, during his recorded Derby career.
 Needham also scored 3 league goals during his career and 3 goals during 4 FA cup games in the 1887-1888 season making him a cup specialist goal machine.
Walter Roulstone was an English footballer who played for Derby County.
 He was the first player to make 100 league appearances with Derby County.
 His brother Frank was also a footballer.
Chris Jones is a Welsh semi-professional footballer currently playing for Cymru Alliance side Porthmadog.
 A former professional with Leeds United, Jones is currently in his fourth season with City.
 He made several appearances for Leeds and was heavily involved with the first team.
 Chris was playing with the likes of Aaron Lennon, James Milner, Rio Ferdinand, Scott Carson and Alan Smith during his spell with the Yorkshire outfit.
Cyril Parry (born 13 December 1937) is an English former professional footballer who played for Derby County, Notts County and Bourne, as a winger.
 His four brothers were also footballers - Jack played for Derby County, Ray for Bolton Wanderers and England, and Reg and Glynn who both played in non-league.
