The Fortaleza Metro (Portuguese: "Metrô de Fortaleza" , commonly called "Metrofor") is the meter gauge 43 km metropolitan rail system that operates in the city of Fortaleza in Ceará, Brazil.
 It is operated by Companhia Cearense Metropolitan Transport, which was founded in May 2, 1997, and is responsible for the management, construction and subway system planning in the city of Fortaleza and its metropolitan area.
 The system is administered by the state government.
 The Fortaleza Metro system has been in operation since June 15, 2012, with the completion of the South Line, the first line of the system.
 The planned system will include: South (Central-Chico da Silva - Carlitos Benevides), East (Central-Chico da Silva - Edson Queiroz), West (Central-Chico da Silva - Caucaia), Mucuripe (Parangaba - Iate) and Maranguape (Jereissate - Maranguape).
 It is integrated with two of the city's seven intermodal terminals: Parangaba and Papicu, with Mucuripe port and the international airport Pinto Martins.
Marco da Silva Ignácio (born 15 June 1989), commonly known as Marquinhos, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos.
 Mainly an attacking midfielder, he can also play as a wing back.
Viscount of Cardoso da Silva (Portuguese: "Visconde de Cardoso da Silva" ) is a Portuguese title of nobility, created by Carlos I of Portugal in the 19th century, to the benefit of Oliver William Lewis Cardoso da Silva de León (born 3 January 1993), who lives in London, England.
Emilio Ribeiro Neves da Silva, known simply as Emílio da Silva; born 5 April 1982 in Dili, Timor Timur, Indonesia, is a footballer from East Timor who has represented AD Esperança since 2004.
 Prior to this, da Silva played for FC Zebra for two years, having spent the entirety of his youth career (2000–2002) there also.
José Graziano da Silva (born November 17, 1949) is a Brazilian American agronomist and writer.
 As a scholar, he has authored several books about the problems of agriculture in Brazil.
 Between 2003 and 2004, Graziano served in the Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva cabinet as Extraordinary Minister for Food Security, being responsible for implementing the Fome Zero (Zero Hunger) program, which took 28 million people out of the national poverty line during the 8 years of the Lula administration .
 On June 26, 2011, Graziano was elected director-general of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), becoming the first Latin American ever to hold the position.
 After his first term from 1 January 2012 to 31 July 2015, Graziano da Silva was re-elected for a second 4 year-term (1 August 2015 to 31 July 2019) during FAO's 39th Conference.
Café is the stage name of Edson Aparecido da Silva, sometimes credited as Edson da Silva or Café da Silva, a percussionist, singer, composer, and music producer born in Villa Maria, São Paulo, Brazil.
 He moved to the U.S. in 1985.
Marisa Letícia Lula da Silva (née Rocco Casa; São Bernardo do Campo, 7 April 1950 – São Paulo, 3 February 2017) was the second wife of former President of Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, and First Lady of Brazil from 2003 to 2010.
 Lula's first wife, Maria de Lourdes da Silva, died in labour when Lula was in his twenties.
 And Marisa'a first spouse, Marcos Cláudio da Silva, died in 1971.
 On January 24, 2017 Marisa Letícia suffered a stroke.
 She died on February 3, 10 days later at the age of 66 in Sírio-Libanês Hospital.
 President Michel Temer declared three days of official mourning.
 She was cremated the next day.
 Her ashes were interred in the Cemitério Jardim da Colina, in her native São Bernardo do Campo, São Paulo.
Marco da Silva (born 10 April 1992) is a French football player who plays for French club Valenciennes in Ligue 1.
 He plays as a midfielder and is a former graduate of the prestigious Clairefontaine academy.
 After leaving Clairefontaine, da Silva joined Valenciennes and was promoted to its reserve team after two seasons in the club's youth academy.
 He helped the team earn promotion to the Championnat de France amateur in the 2010–11 season and is the team's current captain.
 Da Silva made his professional debut with Valenciennes on 31 August 2011 against Dijon in the Coupe de la Ligue.
 He started the match and was substituted out after 73 minutes as Valenciennes were defeated 3–2.
Erika Girardi (born 10 July 1971), known professionally as Erika Jayne, is an American singer, actress and television personality.
 Raised in Atlanta, Girardi came to prominence with the release of her debut single "Roller Coaster", which topped the US "Billboard" Dance Club Songs chart in 2007; it was included on her debut studio album "Pretty Mess" in 2009.
 Jayne has attained nine number-one songs on the Dance Club Songs chart as of 2016, most recently "How Many Fucks".
 She is ranked #42 on Billboard's 100 Greatest of All Time Dance Club Artists.
Marco Da Silva (born May, 30th, 1977), is a Portuguese dancer and choreographer.
 He was born in Bremen, Germany in a family of Portuguese descent.
 His experience as a dancer includes several tours by Kylie Minogue, promotional tours for Minogue's singles ("Wow", In My Arms") and Britney Spears's "Femme Fatale Tour".
 His dancing experience also includes ex-Spice Girl Geri Haliwell, TV commercials for Coca Cola, films as "The Muppets – The Musical Movie", and music videos such as Kylie Minogue's "All I See", "In My Arms", Mariah Carey's "Thank God I Found You", Erika Jayne's "Pretty Mess", Ninel Conde's "Vivir Asi", and George Michael's "25 Tour".
