Get Smart is an American comedy television series that satirizes the secret agent genre.
 It was created by Mel Brooks with Buck Henry and had its television premiere on September 18, 1965.
 The show stars Don Adams as Maxwell Smart, Agent 86, Barbara Feldon as Agent 99, and Edward Platt as Thaddeus, the Chief.
 Henry said that they created the show at the request of Daniel Melnick to capitalize on "the two biggest things in the entertainment world today": James Bond and Inspector Clouseau.
 Brooks said: "It's an insane combination of James Bond and Mel Brooks comedy."
Johnny English is a 2003 British-American spy comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre infused with comedy similar to Atkinson's Mr. Bean character.
 The film stars Rowan Atkinson, Natalie Imbruglia, Ben Miller and John Malkovich.
 The screenplay was written by Bond writers Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, with William Davies, and the film was directed by Peter Howitt.
 It is the first installment of the "Johnny English film series".
Johnny English Reborn is a 2011 British action comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre.
 The film is the sequel to "Johnny English" (2003), and stars Rowan Atkinson reprising his role as the title character and directed by Oliver Parker.
 The film is the second installment of the "Johnny English film series".
Robin Driscoll is a British actor and writer, best known as a writer of "Mr. Bean".
 He and Rowan Atkinson are close friends; he appeared with Rowan Atkinson in "Laughing Matters" (1992) - Visual Comedy, a documentary on the mechanics of visual humour.
Mr. Bean is a British sitcom created by Rowan Atkinson and Richard Curtis, produced by Tiger Aspect Productions, and starring Atkinson as the title character.
 The sitcom consisted of 16 episodes that were co-written by Atkinson, alongside Curtis and Robin Driscoll; for the pilot, it was co-written by Ben Elton.
 14 of the episodes were broadcast on ITV, beginning with the pilot on 1 January 1990, until "The Best Bits of Mr. Bean", a compilation episode, on 15 December 1995.
 The fifteenth episode, "Hair by Mr. Bean of London", was not broadcast on television, until 25 August 2006 on Nickelodeon.
Konec agenta W4C prostřednictvím psa pana Foustky (English: The End of Agent W4C ) is a 1967 Czechoslovak film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre.
 Directed by Václav Vorlíček based on the story by Oldřich Daněk.
 Runtime 87 min.
 Mono.
 Produced by Filmové Studio Barrandov and distributed by Central Office of Film Distribution, Prague.
Rowan Atkinson presents...Canned Laughter was a one off ITV sitcom featuring Rowan Atkinson, broadcast on 8 April 1979.
 Atkinson plays three roles; the nerdy Robert Box (who has been cited as an early incarnation of the "Mr. Bean" character, albeit involving more dialogue), his sinister boss Mr. Marshall, and would be stand up comic Dave Perry, as well as an uncredited role as a radio announcer.
Mr. Bean is a fictional character on the British comedy television programme, "Mr. Bean" and "".
 He is created, voiced and portrayed by Rowan Atkinson.
 He made his first appearance on television, on the original Mr. Bean episode which aired on 1 January 1990.
Mr. Bean's Holiday is a 2007 comedy film, directed by Steve Bendelack, music composed by Howard Goodall, produced by Peter Bennett-Jones, Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner, written by Hamish McColl and Robin Driscoll and starring Rowan Atkinson, Maxim Baldry, Emma de Caunes and Willem Dafoe.
 It is the second film based on the television series "Mr. Bean", following the 1997 "Bean".
Johnny English is a British series of action comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre.
 It features Rowan Atkinson as the titular character, based on the screenplay was written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade.
 The series included 3 instalments: "Johnny English" (2003), "Johnny English Reborn" (2011), and the upcoming "Johnny English 3" which is in pre-production.
 The series also infused with comedy similar to Atkinson's Mr. Bean character and grossed $320 worldwide.
