Anti-French sentiment (Francophobia) refers to a dislike or hatred toward France, the French people, the French government or the Francophonie (set of political entities that use French as an official language or whose French-speaking population is numerically or proportionally large).
 It has existed in various forms and in different countries for centuries.
 Its antonym is Francophilia.
Walloons ( ; French: "Wallons" , ] ; Walloon: "Walons" ) are a Romance ethnic people native to Belgium, principally its southern region of Wallonia, who speak French and Walloon.
 Walloons are a distinctive ethnic community within Belgium.
 Important historical and anthropological criteria (religion, language, traditions, folklore) bind Walloons to the French people.
 More generally, the term also refers to the inhabitants of the Walloon Region.
 Besides French and Walloon, minority of Walloons also speak various regional languages such as Picard and Lorrain.
 Walloons are the descendants of Gallo-Romans with Germanic Frankish admixture.
A purpose trust is a type of trust which has no beneficiaries, but instead exists for advancing some non-charitable purpose of some kind.
 In most jurisdictions, such trusts are not enforceable outside of certain limited and anomalous exceptions, but some countries have enacted legislation specifically to promote the use of non-charitable purpose trusts.
 Trusts for charitable purposes are also technically purpose trusts, but they are usually referred to simply as charitable trusts. People referring to purpose trusts are usually taken to be referring to non-charitable purpose trusts.
The following is a list of sports team names and mascots derived from terms used to refer to specific ethnic groups, and words or iconography derived from different languages or traditions of these groups.
 Many such names are derived from ancestral groups of the same ethnicity as many of the current fans or players, such as the Boston Celtics (Irish) and the Minnesota Vikings (Scandinavian).
 Since ethnicity is defined by social identity there may be differences of opinion regarding membership in a particular group, and the appropriateness of the use of such references by others.
 Ethnicity was once distinct from "race" when the latter was thought to refer to biological distinctiveness as well as cultural differences.
 However, the biological basis for race has been largely abandoned by academic disciplines, leaving race as another social constructed concept for dividing people into groups based upon shared experience and history as well as physical characteristics.
Caldoche is the name given to European inhabitants of the French overseas collectivity of New Caledonia, mostly native-born French settlers.
 The term "caldoche" has a pejorative connotation.
 The formal name to refer to this particular population is "Calédoniens ", short for the very formal "Néo-Calédoniens ", but this self-appellation technically includes all inhabitants of the New Caledonian archipelago, not just the Caldoche.
 Another "white" demographic element (although they may well be French people of different ethnic backgrounds) in the territory is expatriates from metropolitan France who live there temporarily as civil servants.
 Caldoches are keen to differentiate themselves from these inhabitants, underlining their position as the permanent locals, referring to them as "métros " (short for "métropolitains ") or as "Zoreilles" (informally "zozos ") in local slang.
French Brazilians (French: Franco-Brésilien , Portuguese: Franco-brasileiro or Galo-brasileiro ) refers to Brazilian citizens of full, partial, or predominantly French ancestry, or French-born people residing in Brazil.
 Between 1850 and 1965 around 100,000 French people immigrated to Brazil.
 The country received the second largest number of French immigrants to South America after Argentina (239,000).
 It is estimated that there are 1 million Brazilians of French descent today.
Zoreille is a Réunion Creole term to describe French people born in Metropolitan France and recently arrived in Réunion.
 It should not be confused with the terms "Petits Blancs" ("Little Whites") and "Gros Blancs" ("Big Whites") which refer to the early settlers of European, generally French, origin.
 It is one of the ethnic groups of Réunion, but the term is also used in New Caledonia and French Polynesia.
 "Zoreilles" means ears in Creole, but the etymology is unclear.
 It may come from the habit of Metropolitan French to prick up their ears as they do not understand Creole dialect.
A Francophile (Gallophile) is a person who has a strong affinity towards any or all of the French language, French history, French culture or French people.
 That affinity may include France itself or its history, language, cuisine, literature, etc.
 The term "Francophile" can be contrasted with Francophobe (or Gallophobe), someone who dislikes all that is French.
There are a small number of French people in Pakistan, consisting mostly of expatriates, employees, French spouses married to Pakistanis and French people of Pakistani descent who moved back into the country, along with Pakistani-born people of French ancestry.
 There are over 4000 French expatriates in Pakistan.
 French nationals are working in various branches of Alliance Française in Lahore, Karachi and Islamabad for promotion of French culture and language while also teaching French as a second language to the locals.
 They are also working as visiting faculties in educational institutes such as Pakistan Institute of Fashion and Design.
French people have been present in the U.S. state of Nebraska since before it achieved statehood in 1867.
 The area was originally claimed by France in 1682 as part of "La Louisiane", the extent of which was largely defined by the watershed of the Mississippi River and its tributaries.
 Over the following centuries, explorers of French ethnicity, many of them French-Canadian, trapped, hunted, and established settlements and trading posts across much of the northern Great Plains including the territory that would eventually become Nebraska, even in the period after France formally ceded its North American claims to Spain.
 During the 19th century, fur trading gave way to settlements and farming across the state, and French colonists and French-American migrants continued to operate businesses and build towns in Nebraska.
 Many of their descendants continue to live in the state.
