The Dean of Guildford is the head ("primus inter pares" – first among equals) and chair of the chapter of canons, the ruling body of Guildford Cathedral.
 The dean and chapter are based at the "Cathedral Church of the Holy Spirit" in Guildford.
 The cathedral is the mother church of the Diocese of Guildford and seat of the Bishop of Guildford.
 The current dean is Dianna Gwilliams, who was installed on 15 September 2013.
Barry Michael Rose OBE, FRAM, FRSCM, Hon.D.Mus, Hon.FGCM, Hon FRCO, M.Univ., (Surrey), born 24 May 1934) is a choir trainer and organist.
 He is best known for founding the choir and the pattern of daily sung Worship at the new Guildford Cathedral in 1961, and later, on 29 July 1981, directing the music at the wedding of Charles, Prince of Wales and Diana, Princess of Wales formerly Lady Diana Frances Spencer, at St Paul's Cathedral in London.
The Exterior sculpture of Guildford Cathedral provides many artistic features, including sculptures, engravings and more by some of England’s finest sculptors and craftsmen of the 1950s and 1960s.
 The people who worked on the cathedral include: Edward Maufe, Alan Collins, Vernon Hill, Eric Gill, John Hutton, Dennis Huntley and others.
Katherine Dienes (born 1970) is a New Zealand-born organist, conductor and composer.
 She is currently Organist and Master of the Choristers at Guildford Cathedral and is the first woman to hold the most senior musical post in a Church of England cathedral.
 Her husband is Patrick Williams - librarian of the Royal Phillharmonic Orchestra, and they have a daughter, Hannah, who is currently a chorister at Guildford Cathedral
St Paul's Anglican Cathedral is a heritage-listed cathedral at 89 William Street, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia.
 It was designed principally by Annersley Voysey and built from 1883 to 1953.
 It is also known as St Paul's Church of England and St Paul's Church of England Cathedral.
 It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
 The associated hall and offices were listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 23 June 2000.
Lanesborough School is an independent, preparatory school in Guildford, Surrey.
 The school was established in 1930 and acts as the choir school for Guildford Cathedral.
 Lanesborough is an important feeder school for RGS Guildford.
The Dean and Chapter of St Paul’s Cathedral was the titular corporate body of St Paul's Cathedral in London up to the end of the twentieth century.
 It consisted of the dean and the canons, priests attached to the cathedral who were known as "prebendaries" because of the source of their income.
 The Dean and Chapter (or "Greater Chapter") was made up of a large number of priests who would meet "in chapter", but such meetings were infrequent and the actual governance was done by the Administrative Chapter headed by the dean, made up of several senior "residentiary canons", who were also known as the "Dean and Canons of St Paul’s" or simply "The Chapter".
The Diocese of Guildford is a Church of England diocese covering nine of the eleven districts in Surrey, much of north-east Hampshire and a parish in Greater London.
 The cathedral is Guildford Cathedral and the bishop is the Bishop of Guildford.
 Of the two provinces of the church it falls within the Province of Canterbury.
St Paul's Anglican Cathedral Hall is a heritage-listed church hall at 89 William Street, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia.
 It is adjacent to St Paul's Anglican Cathedral.
 It was designed by Louis Spier Robertson and built  1900 .
 It is also known as St Paul's Anglican Cathedral Offices, St Paul's Anglican Cathedral Parish Hall, and St Paul's Day School (1902-1912).
 It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 23 June 2000.
The trompette militaire is a loud majestic sounding organ stop, with brassy, penetrating tone.
 It is noted for its installation in Liverpool Anglican Cathedral, on the fifth manual of the Henry Willis Organ in St Paul's Cathedral, London, and in the 1968 rebuild of the organ of Exeter Cathedral.
 At St Paul's, the stop was a gift of Henry Willis at the time of the 1930 rebuild, the pipework being bought in from America and placed with 30 inches of wind pressure in the North East Quarter Gallery in the Dome.
 The Liverpool trompette militaire was the gift of Professor Alan Dronsfield and was installed in the Corona gallery, 100 ft above the cathedral floor, in 1997.
 Until comparatively recently, the organ of Exeter Cathedral also had a trompette militaire in the minstrels' gallery above the nave.
 In the most recent rebuild of the Exeter instrument the stop has been renamed simply "trompette" and has been complemented with a diapason chorus forming a nave division, all playable from the main console on the medieval screen.
