Aliens: Colonial Marines is a first-person shooter video game developed by Gearbox Software and published by Sega.
 The game is set in the "Alien" universe and takes place after the events of the third film in the franchise, "Alien 3" (1992) and takes place nearly 17 weeks after the events of "Aliens".
 The game is the second "Alien" title that Sega has produced: the first being "" (2011).
 The game was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 video game consoles and for Microsoft Windows on February 12, 2013.
 The game received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics and is now considered to be one of the worst video games of all time, being especially panned for its poor story and glitchy enemy AI.
 A Wii U version was being produced for release but was eventually cancelled on April 5, 2013.
Before Crisis: Final Fantasy VII (Japanese: ビフォア クライシス -ファイナルファンタジーVII- , Hepburn: Bifoa Kuraishisu -Fainaru Fantajī Sebun- ) is an action role-playing video game developed by Square Enix and originally released for the FOMA mobile service on September 24, 2004.
 It was later released for SoftBank Mobile and EZweb in 2007.
 "Before Crisis" is a prequel to the 1997 video game "Final Fantasy VII" and forms part of the "Compilation of Final Fantasy VII", a metaseries expanding on and continuing the story established in "Final Fantasy VII".
 It takes place six years prior to the events of "Final Fantasy VII" and focuses on the adventures of the Turks, a group of covert operatives working for the Shinra Electric Power Company, and their fights against both rebel group AVALANCHE and their corrupt employers.
Mokujin (Japanese: 木人?
, lit.
 "Wood(en) person") is a fictional character in Namco Bandai Games' "Tekken" video game series.
 Mokujin first appeared in the 1997 video game "Tekken 3".
 Mokujin does not have his own fighting style.
 Instead, he mimics fighting styles from other characters, which varies from match to match.
Mob Rule (also known as Constructor: Street Wars and Street Wars: Constructor Underworld) is a real-time strategy video game for PC released in 1999 by Simon & Schuster and Studio 3.
 It is the successor to the 1997 video game "Constructor".
 The goal of the game is to construct buildings and fight enemy teams in a Mafia-themed background.
Veda Hlubinka-Cook (born Robert Cook) is a co-founder of Metaweb.
 She was a software programmer at Brøderbund in the 1980s and was the model for one of the characters in Jordan Mechner's game "Prince of Persia".
 She designed and created the computer game "D/Generation" and was technical director for the computer game "The Last Express".
 She came out as transgender in 2017.
The Last Express is an adventure video game designed by Jordan Mechner and published by Brøderbund in 1997.
 It takes place on the Orient Express, days before the start of World War I.
 It is noted as being one of the few video games that attempts to realistically simulate real time.
 The game was a commercial disappointment, but received highly positive reviews and a positive post-release response.
 A Sony PlayStation port was planned and was almost finished for release, but was cancelled for unknown reasons.
The Rother Valley Railway (RVR) is a heritage railway project based at Robertsbridge in East Sussex, England.
 It takes its name from the original name for what later became the Kent and East Sussex Railway, running from Robertsbridge through to Headcorn in Kent, via Tenterden.
 The project is to replace the ‘missing link’ between Robertsbridge, a station on the Tonbridge to Hastings mainline, and Bodiam on the Kent and East Sussex Railway, a heritage railway which operates from Bodiam to Tenterden.
 A charity supported by a society of volunteers are attempting to re-establish the railway link.
 The RVR began by reinstating the first few hundred yards of line eastwards from Robertsbridge, and also a short stretch westwards from Bodiam.
 In 2010, the latter section was further extended to reach Junction Road.
 In summer 2011 work began at Robertsbridge to extend further eastwards to Northbridge Street, which entailed the rebuilding of five bridges.
 By June 2012, this further extension was also completed.
 In September 2013, a Gala weekend at Robertsbridge marked the progress to date and the start of the next phase - the re-instatement of the section between Northbridge Street and Junction Road, for which statutory permissions are being sought.
 While the RVR does not yet feature regular passenger trains, the base at Robertsbridge houses a small shop and visitor centre open to the public each Sunday, utilising a building formerly used as the London terminus of the Orient Express.
 There is also a small collection of historic railway vehicles in various stages of preservation.
Heavy Gear II is a mecha based first-person shooter video game.
 Set in Dream Pod 9's Heavy Gear universe, the game was developed and published by Activision in 1999 for Microsoft Windows, it was ported to Linux in 2000 by Loki Software.
 It is a sequel to the 1997 video game "Heavy Gear".
Monopoly Star Wars is a 1997 video game based on the board game of the same name.
 It is one of many video game adaptions of the board game Monopoly.
 The game was developed by Artech Digital Entertainment and published by Hasbro Interactive.
 It was released exclusively for Microsoft Windows.
 The game employs the same basic ruleset of traditional Monopoly gameplay, but adds a "Star Wars" theme which includes famous characters and locales in place of the original game pieces and properties.
BioShock 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by 2K Marin and published by 2K Games.
 It is the sequel to the 2007 video game "BioShock" and was released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, the PlayStation 3, and the Xbox 360 on February 9, 2010.
 Feral Interactive released an OS X version of the game on March 30, 2012.
 Set in the fictional underwater dystopian city of Rapture, the game's story takes place eight years after the events of the first "BioShock".
 Assuming control of Subject Delta, a hulking Big Daddy, players are tasked with fighting through "splicers", the psychotic human population of the city, using weapons and an array of genetic modifications.
 The game also introduces a story-driven multiplayer mode called "Fall of Rapture", which takes place during Rapture's 1959 civil war, before the events of the first game.
