Bigger Than Both of Us is the fifth studio album by American pop duo Hall & Oates, released in August 1976.
 The album included the first of their six #1 singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100, "Rich Girl".
 Hall & Oates released a song titled "Bigger Than Both of Us" on their "Beauty on a Back Street" album one year later.
Kill the Lights is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Luke Bryan.
 It was released on August 7, 2015, by Capitol Nashville.
 The album's lead single, "Kick the Dust Up", was released to country radio on May 19, 2015. "
Strip It Down" was released as the second single from the album on August 4, 2015.
 The album's third single, "Home Alone Tonight", was released to country radio on November 23, 2015.
 The album's fourth single, "Huntin', Fishin' and Lovin' Every Day" released to country radio on March 14, 2016.
 The album's fifth single, "Move" released to country radio on July 25, 2016.
 All five singles reached number one on the "Billboard" Country Airplay chart, making Bryan the first country music artist ever to have five number one singles from two albums apiece.
 In November 2016, the album's sixth and final single, "Fast", was sent to country radio.
 With "Fast" also reaching number one in April 2017, Bryan became the first artist in the chart's history to achieve six number one singles from one album.
American pop rock band Train has released ten studio albums, two live albums, one video album, four extended plays, 30 singles, four promotional singles, and 26 music videos.
 The band independently released their eponymous debut studio album in 1996, two years after their formation.
 In February 1998, the band signed to Aware Records and Columbia Records and re-released the album under the two labels.
 Three singles were released from "Train"; the album's second single, "Meet Virginia", peaked at number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The album peaked at number 76 on the US "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 In the period following the release of "Train", producer Brendan O'Brien started working with the band in a partnership that would last for three albums.
 The band released their second studio album "Drops of Jupiter" in March 2001; it was preceded by the release of its lead single, "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)".
 The single became a commercial success, peaking at number five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and also becoming a top ten hit in Australia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
 "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)" also won an award for Best Rock Song at the 44th Grammy Awards.
 The album peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200, earning a double platinum certification from the RIAA. "
She's on Fire", the third single from "Drops of Jupiter", achieved moderate success in Australia and the UK.
 Train's third studio album, "My Private Nation", was released in June 2003.
 It peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 The album's first two singles, "Calling All Angels" and "When I Look to the Sky", peaked at numbers 19 and 74 respectively on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The band released their fourth studio album "For Me, It's You" in January 2006.
 The album peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" 200 and spawned three singles.
All Eyez on Me is the fourth studio album by American rapper 2Pac and the last one to be released during his lifetime.
 It was released on February 13, 1996, by Death Row Records and Interscope Records.
 The album featured the "Billboard" Hot 100 #1 singles "How Do U Want It" and "California Love".
 It featured five singles in all, the most of any of Shakur's albums.
 Moreover, "All Eyez on Me" (which was the only Death Row Records release to be distributed through PolyGram by way of Island Records) made history as the first double-full-length hip-hop solo studio album released for mass consumption.
 It was issued on two compact discs and four LPs.
"Acapella" is a song performed by American recording artist Kelis, taken from her fifth studio album "Flesh Tone" (2010).
 The song is a departure from her past singles in that it is a dance/electronic track rather than hip hop/R&B influenced.
 The song was first premiered on her Twitter page and her official website in November, but was digitally released February 23, 2010 as the lead single from the singer's fifth studio album "Flesh Tone".
The discography of American country artist Martina McBride consists of thirteen studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, two video albums, three additional albums, forty five music videos, fifty one singles, sixteen other charting songs, and forty five album appearances.
 In 1991, she signed a recording contract with RCA Records, launching her debut studio album "The Time Has Come" in 1992.
 In September 1993, her second studio album "The Way That I Am" was issued.
 Its lead single "My Baby Loves Me" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, becoming her breakthrough hit.
 The third single "Independence Day" peaked in the top twenty and became McBride's signature song.
 The song's success elevated sales of "The Way That I Am" to platinum status from the Recording Industry Association of America. "
Wild Angels" was released in September 1995 and reached number seventeen on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
 The album's title track became McBride's first song to top the Hot Country Songs list.
 McBride's fourth studio album "Evolution" was released in August 1997 and is her best-selling album to date, certifying three times platinum in the United States.
 The album spawned six singles which all became major hits including, "A Broken Wing", "Wrong Again", and "Whatever You Say".
 After releasing a holiday album, McBride's fifth studio album "Emotion" was issued in September 1999.
 The lead single "I Love You" topped the Hot Country Songs list, while also reaching minor positions on the Adult Contemporary and "Billboard" Hot 100 charts.
Olawale Ashimi (who prefers to be called Olawale Olofo'ro; born 9 May 1986), better known as Brymo, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter and composer.
 He started recording music in 1999, while in secondary school.
 He signed a record deal with Chocolate City in 2010, but breached his contractual agreement with the label in 2013.
 Brymo released his debut studio album, "Brymstone", in 2007.
 His second studio album, "TheSonOfaKapenta", was released in 2012.
 It was supported by the singles "Ara" and "Good Morning".
 Brymo's third studio album, "Merchants, Dealers & Slaves", was released on 20 October 2013.
 It received generally positive reviews from music critics and was preceded by two singles: "Down" and "Eko". "
Tabula Rasa" was released as the singer's fourth studio album on 30 October 2014.
 Its lead single, "Fe Mi", was described as a "soft traditional ballad".
 On 8 December 2015, Brymo released an eight-track compilation album titled "Trance".
 He signed an international distribution deal with Tate Music Group in 2015.
 Brymo released his fifth studio album, "Klĭtôrĭs", on 9 May 2016.
 It comprises 11 tracks and was preceded by the lead single "Happy Memories".
American singer and songwriter Jake Owen has released five studio albums, one extended play, and 17 singles.
 Signed to RCA Nashville in 2006, he made his chart debut that same year with "Yee Haw".
 Of Owen's 17 singles, six have reached number one on the country charts: "Barefoot Blue Jean Night", "Alone with You", "The One That Got Away", and "Anywhere with You"; all from his third studio album, "Barefoot Blue Jean Night"; "Beachin'" from his fourth studio album, "Days of Gold"; as well as "American Country Love Song" from his fifth studio album, "American Love".
Johnny is the fifth studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham, (who was billed then as "Johnny" Farnham) which was released on HMV for EMI Records in August 1971.
 It peaked at #24 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Charts.
 Farnham had earlier #1 singles with "Sadie (The Cleaning Lady)" in 1968 and his cover of "Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head" in 1970; a non-album single, "Acapulco Sun" was released in May 1971 but there were no charting singles from "Johnny".
 The album features compositions from artists as diverse as George Harrison, Elton John, Stevie Wonder, Joe South and George Gershwin and Ira Gershwin
The discography of The Weepies, an indie pop-folk band fronted by singer-songwriters Deb Talan and Steve Tannen, contains five studio albums, one extended play and six singles.
 The Weepies released their first album, "Happiness," through an independent label.
 After signing with Nettwerk, they released their second album in 2006, "Say I Am You".
 In that same year, they released an "Live Session (The Weepies EP)" featuring songs from "Say I Am You", four songs from Deb and Steve's previous work, and one song from their future album "Hideaway'".
 In 2008 they released their third studio album "Hideaway".
 In 2010, they released their fourth studio album, "Be My Thrill".
 In 2015, they released their fifth studio album, "Sirens".
