North Bend is a city in Coos County, Oregon, United States with a population of 9,695 as of the 2010 census.
 North Bend is surrounded on three sides by Coos Bay, an S-shaped water inlet and estuary where the Coos River enters Coos Bay and borders the city of Coos Bay to the south.
 North Bend became an incorporated city in 1903.
A radio personality (American English) or radio presenter (British English), commonly referred to as a "disc jockey" or "DJ" for short, is a person who has an on-air position in radio broadcasting.
 A radio personality that hosts a radio show is also known as a radio host, and in India and Pakistan as a radio jockey.
 Radio personalities who introduce and play individual selections of recorded music are known as disc jockeys.
 The term has evolved to also describe a person who mixes a continuous flow of recorded music in real time.
 Broadcast radio personalities may include talk radio hosts, AM/FM radio show hosts, and satellite radio program hosts.
 Notable radio personalities include pop music radio hosts Martin Block, Alan Freed, Dick Clark, Delilah Luke, Ameen Sayani, Wolfman Jack, and Casey Kasem, shock jocks such as Don Imus and Howard Stern, as well as sports talk hosts such as Mike Francesa and political talk hosts such as Rush Limbaugh.
Coast Guard Air Station North Bend (CGAS North Bend) was established September 28, 1974 at Southwest Oregon Regional Airport in North Bend, Oregon, United States.
 The unit houses 153 active duty, nine reserve duty and five civilian personnel.
 The unit operates five Eurocopter HH-65 Dolphin helicopters.
 CGAS North Bend received its first upgraded HH-65C Dolphin in 2007 The unit functions include search and rescue, law enforcement, marine environmental protection, aids to navigation, and enforcement of federal treaties.
North Bend Lake is a 305 acre lake created through the Natural Resources Conservation Service via the Little Kanawha Conservation District.
 North Bend Lake, located within the North Bend State Park along the North Fork of the Hughes River in Ritchie County near Cairo, West Virginia, is 8.1 mi in length, and has an average permanent pool width of 310 ft .
North Bend is an unincorporated community in the Fraser Canyon region of British Columbia, Canada, located across the Fraser River from the town of Boston Bar.
 North Bend was originally known as Boston Bar, but that name moved across the Fraser River when the site was renamed North Bend.
Nintendo North Bend is the main North American production facility and one of the distribution centers for the video game console manufacturer Nintendo, located in North Bend, Washington, the United States of America.
 There is another distribution center, located in Atlanta, that usually handles distribution for the South and Northeast regions.
 The North Bend center handles distribution for the Western Coast, Rocky Mountain, Midwestern, Hawaii, and Alaska regions.
Delilah Rene (born February 15, 1960, North Bend, Oregon) is an American radio personality, author, and songwriter, best known as the host of a nationally syndicated nightly U.S. radio song request and dedication program, with an estimated 8 million listeners.
 Although she first aired in the Seattle market as "Delilah Rene", she is now known mononymously as Delilah.
Southwest Oregon Regional Airport (IATA: OTH, ICAO: KOTH, FAA LID: OTH) , formerly North Bend Municipal Airport, is a public airport in North Bend, Coos County, Oregon.
 It is operated by the Coos County Airport District.
Oregon Coast Technology School, also known as ORCO TECH, is a public charter school in North Bend, Oregon, United States.
 It serves students in grades 6-12; middle school students (grades 6-8) attend classes at North Bend Middle School, while students in grades 9-12 attend classes at North Bend High School.
North Bend is an unincorporated community located in the town of North Bend, Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States.
 North Bend is located on the Black River and Wisconsin Highway 54 6.7 mi west-southwest of Melrose.
