EMU Australia (simply referred to as EMU; pronounced "eem-you", often mispronounced "eem-moo") is an Australian lifestyle brand that designs, produces and markets footwear and accessories.
 The brand is best known for their sheepskin and Merino Wool products.
 Their signature products are sheepskin boots, which have been a popular fashion trend for young women since the 2000s.
 EMU products are also available for men and children.
Safari boots usually have high uppers to provide ankle support much like combat boots and typically made from the likes of leather or canvas and in brown/tan colours suited to the arid outback environments.
Hip boots, or hip waders as they are sometimes called, are a type of tall boot initially designed to be worn by river fishermen.
 Hip boots are typically made out of rubber, and completely cover the legs, up to the tops of the thighs or all the way up to the waist.
 Hip boots are designed to protect the fisherman from water, and allow wading out into deeper waters in hopes of getting a bigger catch.
 They also help to keep the feet and legs warm in autumn and winter.
 Hip boots are also worn by many ecologists and environmental scientists who do tests in swamps or lakes to determine the quality of water.
Boot socks are a type of sock suitable for wearing with boots.
 Typically made from a knitted material, popular styles of knit currently are the cable and fairisle knit.
 Boot socks provide additional comfort and warmth in colder weather.
 Boots are often worn by both genders, with military boots, brogue boots and hiking boots all being popular styles to pair with boot socks.
 Boot socks vary in lengths, ranging from normal sized socks to knee high length socks.
A sauna suit is a garment made from waterproof fabric designed to make the wearer sweat profusely.
 A sauna suit is sometimes called a "rubber suit" because the early types were made of rubber or rubberized cloth.
 Now, sauna suits are typically made of PVC or coated nylon cloth.
 The construction is typically in the style of a waterproof sweat suit, consisting of a pullover jacket and drawstring pants.
 The closures at waist, neck, wrists and ankles are all elasticated to help retain body heat and moisture within the garment.
 In some sauna suits, the jacket also includes a hood to provide additional retention of body heat.
Cavalier boots are a style of boot that were popular in Europe between approximately 1500-1700 AD.
 They are soft knee-high leather boots typically made of brown calfskin.
Ugg boots are a unisex style of sheepskin boot originating in Australia and New Zealand.
 The boots are typically made of twin-faced sheepskin with fleece on the inside, a tanned outer surface and a synthetic sole.
 The term, ugg boots, originated from Australia, initially for utilitarian footwear worn for warmth, and which were often worn by surfers during the 1960s.
 In the 1970s, the boots were introduced to the surf culture of the United Kingdom and the United States.
 Sheepskin boots became a fashion trend in the U.S. in the late 1990s and as a world-wide trend in the mid-2000s.
 In Australia, they are worn predominantly as slippers and often associated with "daggy" fashion sense and "bogan" culture.
To improve motorcycle safety many countries mandate the wearing of personal protective equipment such as protective clothing and helmets. Protective clothing may include certain types of jackets, gloves, boots, and pants.
 Jackets meant for motorcyclists are typically made of leather or specialized man-made fabrics like cordura or Kevlar.
 These jackets typically include heavy padding on the elbow, spine, and shoulder regions.
 Gloves are generally made of leather or Kevlar and some include carbon fiber knuckle protection.
 Boots, especially those for sport riding, include reinforcement and plastic caps on the ankle and toe areas.
 Pants are usually leather, cordura, or Kevlar.
 Except for helmets, none of these items are required by law in any state in the USA, or in any part of the UK but are recommended by many of those who ride.
Rodney Stephen "Rod" Hull (13 August 1935 – 17 March 1999) was an English comedian, best known as a popular entertainer on British television in the 1970s and 1980s.
 He rarely appeared without Emu, a mute, highly aggressive arm-length puppet modelled on the Australian flightless emu bird.
The tricorne or tricorn is a style of hat that was popular during the 18th century, falling out of style by 1800, though actually not called a "tricorne" until the mid 1800s.
 During the 18th century hats of this general style were referred to as "cocked hats".
 At the peak of its popularity, the tricorne varied greatly in style and size, and was worn not only by the aristocracy, but also as common civilian dress, and as part of military and naval uniforms. Typically made from animal fiber, the more expensive being of beaver-hair felt and the less expensive of wool felt, the hat's most distinguishing characteristic was that three sides of the brim were turned up (cocked) and either pinned, laced or buttoned in place to form a triangle around the crown.
 The style served two purposes: first, it allowed stylish gentlemen to show off the most current fashions of their wigs, and thus their social status; and secondly, the cocked hat, with its folded brim, was much smaller than other hats and therefore could be more easily tucked under an arm when going inside a building, where social etiquette dictated that a gentleman remove his hat.
 Tricornes with laced sides could have the laces loosened and the sides dropped down to provide better protection from the weather, sun and rain.
