"Gert Fram" is the first short story that was published by American author Orson Scott Card.
 It appears in his short story collection "Maps in a Mirror", but it originally appeared in the July 1977 fine arts issue of "Ensign" magazine under the pen name Byron Walley.
 It is Card's first published work.
"The Tinker" is a short story by Orson Scott Card.
 It appears in his short story collection "The Worthing Saga".
 Card first published "The Tinker" in the Vol.
 1, No. 2 (1980) issue of "Eternity SF" magazine.
"Second Chance" is a short story by Orson Scott Card.
 It appears in his short story collections "Capitol" and "The Worthing Saga".
 Card first published it in the anthology "Destinies" (January–February 1979).
"Unaccompanied Sonata" is a short story by American writer Orson Scott Card, first published in the March, 1979 issue of "Omni" magazine.
 It appears in his short story collections "Unaccompanied Sonata and Other Stories" and "Maps in a Mirror".
 It was nominated in 1979 for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story and in 1980 for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
"Breaking the Game" is a short story by American writer Orson Scott Card.
 It appears in his short story collections "Capitol" and "The Worthing Saga".
 Card first published it in the January 1979 issue of "Analog Science Fiction and Fact".
"A Thousand Deaths" is a short story by Orson Scott Card.
 It appears in his short story collections "Capitol" and "Maps in a Mirror".
 Card first published it in the December 1978 issue of "Omni" magazine.
"The Fringe" is a science fiction short story by American writer Orson Scott Card, originally published in the October 1985 issue of "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction".
 It was later reprinted in his short story collection "The Folk of the Fringe" and in "Future on Ice", a short story collection edited by Card.
"Killing Children" is a short story by Orson Scott Card.
 It appears in his short story collections "Capitol" and "The Worthing Saga".
 Card first published it in the November 1978 issue of "Analog Science Fiction and Fact".
"Lifeloop" is a short story by Orson Scott Card.
 It appears in his short story collections "Capitol" and "The Worthing Saga".
 Card first published it in the October 1978 issue of "Analog Science Fiction and Fact".
There are various sources for short stories set in the Ender's Game series.
 One is the short story collection "First Meetings" by Orson Scott Card.
 This collection contains the original novelette "Ender's Game" plus three other stories.
 Another source is Card’s webzine "InterGalactic Medicine Show".
 The first four stories from Card's webzine: "Mazer in Prison," "Pretty Boy," "Cheater," and "A Young Man with Prospects," also appear in the paperback anthology "Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show".
 Reprints of short stories in the Ender's Game series can be found in other science fiction anthologies.
