Sol Madrid is a 1968 film directed by Brian G. Hutton and filmed in Acapulco.
 It was released in the UK as The Heroin Gang.
Polish-Russian War (Wojna polsko-ruska) is a 2009 Polish film directed by Xawery Żuławski based on the novel Polish-Russian War under the white-red flag by Dorota Masłowska.
Xawery Żuławski (born 22 December 1971 in Warsaw) is a Polish film director.
Wild Seed is a 1965 film directed by Brian G. Hutton.
 The movie was shot in black and white and featured two young actors, Michael Parks in his first role and Celia Kaye who was also a new upcoming actress.
The Pad and How to Use It is a 1966 comedy film directed by Brian G. Hutton.
 It was based on a one-act play by Peter Shaffer.
The National Association for Chiropractic Medicine (NACM) was a minority chiropractic association founded in 1984 that described itself as a "consumer advocacy association of chiropractors".
 It openly rejected some of the more controversial aspects of chiropractic, including a basic concept of chiropractic, vertebral subluxations as the cause of all diseases.
 It also sought to "reform the chiropractic profession away from a philosophical scope of practice and towards an applied science scope of practice."
 It stated that it was "dedicated to bringing the scientific based practice of chiropractic into mainstream medicine" and that its members "confine their scope of practice to scientific parameters and seek to make legitimate the utilization of professional manipulative procedures in mainstream health care delivery."
 "While the NACM is focused on furthering the profession, its primary focus is on the rights and safety of the consumers."
 The NACM was the object of much controversy and criticism from the rest of the profession.
 It quietly dropped out of sight and its demise apparently occurred sometime between May 30, 2008 and March 6, 2010.
Where Eagles Dare is a 1968 British World War II action film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer that stars Richard Burton, Clint Eastwood, Mary Ure, and Ingrid Pitt.
 It was directed by Brian G. Hutton and shot on location in Austria and Bavaria.
 Alistair MacLean wrote the novel of the same name and the screenplay at the same time.
 It was his first screenplay; both film and book became commercial successes.
Kelly's Heroes is a 1970 war comedy film directed by Brian G. Hutton about a group of World War II American soldiers who go AWOL to rob a bank behind enemy lines.
 The film stars Clint Eastwood, Telly Savalas, Don Rickles, Carroll O'Connor, and Donald Sutherland, with secondary roles played by Harry Dean Stanton, Gavin MacLeod, and Stuart Margolin.
 The screenplay was written by British film and television writer Troy Kennedy Martin.
 The film was a US-Yugoslav co-production, filmed mainly in the Croat village of Vižinada on the Istria peninsula.
Night Watch is a 1973 British suspense-thriller film directed by Brian G. Hutton.
Zee and Co, also known as X, Y and Zee and Zee and Company, is a 1972 British film released by Columbia Pictures.
 It was directed by Brian G. Hutton, and was based upon a novel by Edna O'Brien.
