Edaphodon hesperis was a prehistoric chimaeriform fish species belonging to the genus "Edaphodon", of which all the species are now extinct.
 "Edaphodon hesperis" was a type of rabbitfish, a cartilaginous fish related to sharks and rays, and indeed, some rabbitfishes are still alive today.
Edaphodon kawai was a prehistoric chimaeriform fish species belonging to the genus "Edaphodon", of which all the species are now extinct.
 "Edaphodon kawai" was a type of rabbitfish, a cartilaginous fish related to sharks and rays, and indeed, some rabbitfishes are still alive today.
 "E. kawai" is one of numerous "Edaphodon" species, but is the only one which has been discovered in the Southern Hemisphere, near New Zealand.
 Indeed, only a handful of other Chimaeroformes have been discovered in the Southern Hemisphere.
 They first appeared during the Devonian period around 415 to 360 million years ago, but the only known specimen of "E. kawai" has been dated to the Late Cretaceous at the height of the rabbitfish's reign.
 Its scientific name, "kawai", means "fish" in the language of the Moriori, a Pacific tribe who inhabited the islands.
Aleksandar "Kristijan" Golubović (; born 30 November 1969) is a Serbian organized criminal and Mixed martial artist.
 He was featured among several other Belgrade gangsters in the 1996 documentary about Serbia's underworld titled "See You in the Obituary".
 Golubović is one of only a few individuals, out of dozens featured in the film, still alive today.
Gnetophyta is a division of plants, grouped within the gymnosperms (which also includes conifers, cycads, and ginkgos), that consists of some 70 species across the three relict genera: "Gnetum" (family Gnetaceae), "Welwitschia" (family Welwitschiaceae), and "Ephedra" (family Ephedraceae).
 Fossilized pollen attributed to a close relative of "Ephedra" has been dated as far back as the Early Cretaceous.
 Though diverse and dominant in the Tertiary, only three families, each containing a single genus, are still alive today.
 The primary difference between gnetophytes and other gymnosperms is the presence of vessel elements, a system of conduits that transport water within the plant, similar to those found in flowering plants. Because of this, gnetophytes were once thought to be the closest gymnosperm relatives to flowering plants, but more recent molecular studies have largely disproven this hypothesis.
Jack Harrison (18 December 1912 – 4 June 2010) was a Scottish educator, military pilot, and prisoner of war during World War II.
 Harrison was one of the last known survivors (at least two remaining known escape survivors are still alive today, John R. Harris RCAF and Ken Rees RAF, the news item quoting Harrison as having been the 'last' survivor was erroneous) of the Stalag Luft III Great Escape.
 Stalag Luft III was a Luftwaffe run prisoner of war camp in Silesia (modern-day Poland).
Albanian epic verse is a longstanding Balkan tradition that, unlike most known similar oral traditions, is still alive today.
 Due to the Albanian language barrier, this tradition has lacked substantial international scholarship, translation, and recognition as an important source of cultural history.
Historiens 100 viktigaste svenskar ("The 100 Greatest Swedes") is a book by Niklas Ekdal and Petter Karlsson, published in 2009.
 Before the book was released, the list was published by Dagens Nyheter between 14 April and 6 May.
 The book is a list of the 100 Swedes that according to the authors has had "the greatest influence on Swedish people's lives, and also people's lives around the world".
 There are 84 men and 16 women on the list.
 Around 40 of them lived in the last century and 16 are still alive today.
Still Alive: The Remixes is a remix album comprising different versions of the song "Still Alive" by Swedish pop rock singer Lisa Miskovsky.
 It was released by Artwerk on 11 November 2008 to coincide with the North American release date of "Mirror's Edge", an action-adventure video game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE (DICE) for which "Still Alive" had been chosen as the main theme.
Wasson Bluff (also known as Wasson's Bluff) is the name applied to a series of imposing cliff faces on the north shore of the Minas Basin about 5 miles (8.5 km) east of the town of Parrsboro, Nova Scotia.
 The cliffs, which stretch approximately one mile (1.6 km) from Wasson Brook in the east, to Swan Creek in the west, consist of 200-million-year-old rocks that have yielded a wide array of fossils including more than 100,000 bones from Canada's oldest-known dinosaurs as well as the smallest dinosaur tracks ever found.
 The fossils date from a critical time in the evolution of life, the boundary between the Triassic and Jurassic geological periods, when mass extinctions led not only to the dominance of the dinosaurs, but also to the evolution of groups of vertebrates, such as fish, crocodiles, frogs and mammals, whose descendants are still alive today.
 The abrasive action of the tides, considered to be the world's highest, constantly exposes fossils on the cliff faces, shores and seabed.
Chaar Bayt is a 400-year-old traditional performing art, performed by a group of artists or singers.
 Chaar Bayt or Four Stanzas is a form of folklore and performing art.
 It still alive today mainly in Rampur (Uttar Pradesh), Tonk (Rajasthan), Bhopal (Madhya Pradesh) and Hyderabad (Andhra Pradesh).
