The cédula de identidade, informally called cartão/carteira de identidade (identity card), "RG" (from "Registro Geral", General Registry) or simply identidade in Portuguese, is the official national identity document in Brazil.
 The card contains the name, birth date, parents' names, signature and thumbprint of the bearer.
 Other national documents can legally be used as an identity card, such as state-issued driver's licenses, passports or, for minors, birth certificates. Brazilian identity cards can be used as a travel document to enter Mercosul.
Thomas Day Singleton (Birth date unknown – November 25, 1833) was a United States Representative from South Carolina.
 He was born near Kingstree, South Carolina but his birth date is unknown.
Samuel Dickens (died 1840) was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina; born near Roxboro in Person County, North Carolina, birth date unknown.
 He was a member of the North Carolina state house of commons from 1813 to 1815, and in 1818.
 He was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Fourteenth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of United States Representative Richard Stanford (December 2, 1816 – March 3, 1817).
 He moved to Madison County, Tennessee in 1820 and died there in 1840.
María Díaz Cortés (4 January 1892?
 – 15 January 2009) claimed to be the oldest living person.
 She was born in Spain, and went forty years without heating or hot water.
 A Romani, she owned a valid Spanish identity card with such a birth date, but it was not issued before 1975 and is not a copy of an earlier one, and her daughter was only 73 when she died.
Hippolytus or Hipolit (died c. 1027) was an early medieval archbishop of Gniezno.
 His place and date of birth date are unknown but the medieval historian Jan Długosz claims that he was of noble birth and a Roman citizen.
 Modern scholars generally agree that he was not Polish.
Richard Callaghan is an American figure skating coach.
 He is best known as the long-time coach of Todd Eldredge, the 1996 World champion and a six-time U.S. national champion.
 He also coached Nicole Bobek to her national title, and Tara Lipinski to Olympic, World, and national titles.
The Polish school student ID (Polish: "legitymacja szkolna" ) is the document certifying that the person is attending a primary or secondary school in Poland.
 For student of age at which no ID card or passport is issued, this document certifies his identity.
 With this you can have official discounts on public transport.
 Polish student ID contains first name, last name, birth date, address, PESEL and photo.
 Document size: 72×103 mm and photography: 30×42 mm.
Astro Boy (アストロボーイ・鉄腕アトム , Asutoro Bōi: Tetsuwan Atomu , lit.
 "Astro Boy: Mighty Atom") is a remake of the 1960s anime series of the same name created by Osamu Tezuka, which was produced by his company, Tezuka Productions, Sony Pictures Entertainment Japan, Dentsu, and Fuji Television network.
 It was also shown on Animax, who have broadcast the series across its respective networks worldwide, including Japan, Southeast Asia, South Asia, East Asia, and other regions.
 It was created to celebrate the birth date of Atom/Astro Boy (as well as the 40th anniversary of the original TV series).
 Under the original English name (instead of "Mighty Atom"), it kept the same classic art style as the original manga and anime, but was revisioned and modernized with more lush, high-quality, near-theatrical animation and visuals.
 It combined the playfulness of the early anime with the darker, more serious and dramatic Science fiction themes of the manga and the 1980 series.
 The anime broadcast in Japan on the same date as Atom's/Astro's birth in the manga (April 6, 2003) across Animax and Fuji Television.
 It was directed by Kazuya Konaka and written by Chiaki J. Konaka at the beginning of the series.
 Other writers included were Keiichi Hasegawa, Sadayuki Murai, Ai Ohta, Hirotoshi Kobayashi, Kenji Konuta, and Marc Handler, who was also executive story editor.
In Costa Rica, in recent years, a cédula de identidad, has been a credit card-sized plastic card.
 On one side, it includes a photo of the person, a personal identification number, and the card's owner personal information (complete name, gender, birth date, and others), and the user's signature.
 On the reverse, it may include additional information such as the date when the ID card was granted, expiration date of the ID card, and other such as their fingerprints, and all the owner's information in matrix code.
 Every Costa Rican citizen must carry an ID card immediately after turning 18.
Ian Browne, also known as "Joey" Browne (born 22 June 1931) is a former Australian track cyclist who along with Tony Marchant won the 2000 m tandem event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.
 Unusually tall and strongly built for a cyclist, Browne had little formal training and won his first Australian title in 1953 in the 10 mile event.
 Browne did not team up with Marchant until early in 1956 and they promptly won the tandem event at the national championships to earn national selection.
 The pair were eliminated after losing their first two races but were given a reprieve when the Soviet Union pair were hospitalised in a crash and forced to withdraw.
 Thereafter Marchant and Browne were unbeaten and progressed to an unlikely Olympic gold.
 Browne's combination with Marchant was broken after the Olympics when the latter retired.
 In 1958, Browne won the 10 mile event at the national titles and went on to win the event at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.
 Browne went on to compete in the 1960 and 1964 Olympics in the tandem event, both times with new partners, but both times he was eliminated in the repechage round.
 In 1964, he became the oldest ever track cyclist to represent Australia at the Olympics at the age of 33.
 He won the last of his national titles at the age of 37 in 1968 in the tandem event but was overlooked for Olympic selection by Australian officials.
 He retired and later was involved in cycling administration.
