Silver Spoon (Japanese: 銀の匙 , Hepburn: Gin no Saji ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa, set in the fictional Ooezo Agricultural High School in Hokkaido.
 It depicts the daily life of Yuugo Hachiken, a high school student from Sapporo who enrolled at Ezo fleeing from the demands of his strict father.
 However, he soon learns that life on an agricultural school is not as easy as he initially believed.
 Unlike his new classmates, he has no intention of following an agricultural career after graduating, although he envies them for already having set goals for their lives and the pursuit of their dreams.
Manga Bible (新約聖書 , Shinyaku Seisho ) is a five-volume manga series based on the Christian Bible created under the direction of the non-profit organization Next, a group formed by people from the manga industry.
 Though first published in English, the books are originally written in Japanese and each volume is illustrated by a Japanese manga artist.
 Each book is adapted from the Bible by Hidenori Kumai.
 The first two books were illustrated by manga artist Kozumi Shinozawa, while the remaining three will be illustrated by a different artist.
 The first book in the series, "Manga Messiah" was published in 2006 and covered the four gospels of the Bible: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
 "Manga Metamorphosis" (2008) covers the events in Acts and several of Paul's letters.
 "Manga Mutiny" (2008, 2009) begins in Genesis and ends in Exodus.
 "Manga Melech" (2010) picks up where "Manga Mutiny" left off and continues into the reign of David.
 The fifth, and currently final book, "Manga Messengers" (2011) addresses events starting with the reign of King Solomon and takes stories from several of the major and minor prophets, and the Book of Esther and concludes with anticipation of a messiah.
Serena Chelsea McKay (September 30, 1997-April 22/23,2016) was a Canadian girl that was brutally murdered and her murder was posted online.
 The accused suspects are two teenage girls aged 16 and 17.
 The murder happened on the Sagkeeng First Nation 100 kilometers northeast of Winnipeg, Manitoba.
 Her murder was filmed and posted online causing great outrage across Canada.
 The video came in a short version and long version and the short version was posted on Facebook.
 The long version was available for 4 hours but later deleted from the public.
 Sagkeeng's Grand Chief Derrick Henderson had requested to Facebook to remove the short video from the public.
 It is not exactly known whether she died on April 22 or April 23 as she was last seen on the evening of April 22, 2017, confirmed missing at 6:pm on April 23, 2017, and a dead body later confirmed to be Serena McKay was found at 8:pm on April 23, 2017.
 Two teenage were arrested.
 Their names can't be named publicly because of a Canadian law that prohibits releasing names of youth-criminals or accused youth-criminals.
 It is known that the 2 girls accused in the murder did go to school with Serena McKay.
 Prosecutors are trying to seek adult sentences for the 2 accused teenage girls if they are found guilty.
 On May 26, 2017, the 17 year old suspect has had her first trial at a Winnipeg provincial court where both the defence lawyers and prosecutors ordered a psychological test.
 She is being held at the Manitoba Youth Centre (a prison for youth which has both remand, post remand, and convict units) since her arrest shortly after the murder.
 The 16 year old has also been ordered to go a psychological assessment.
 A vigil was held in Winnipeg on April 29, 2017 with hundreds marching.
 McKay was set to graduate in 2017.
 McKay's funeral was held at Westwood Church in Winnipeg on May 1, 2017.
 She was also buried in Winnipeg.
 At McKay's high school's graduation on June 23, 2017 what would have been her seat was left empty and marked with a red graduation gown and diploma.
 All this was done in honour and memory of Serena McKay.
I"s (アイズ , Aizu ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura.
 The story's main character is 16-year-old high school student Ichitaka Seto who is in love with his classmate Iori Yoshizuki, but too shy to tell her.
 Again and again he plans to tell her his true feelings, but each time something (usually a misunderstanding of some kind) gets in the way.
 Things become even more complicated when Itsuki Akiba returns to Japan; she is a girl Ichitaka was friends with in their childhood before she moved to the United States, and who had a huge crush on him.
Clear Skies!
 (Japanese: 毎日晴天!
 , Hepburn: Mainichi Seiten! )
 is a Japanese manga series written by Akira Sugano and illustrated by Etsumi Ninomiya.
 The manga is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing under its Juné imprint, which released the first volume on 28 August 2008.
 It's about four brothers living together, when one of the brother's old high school flame turns up and claims that he's married to the brothers' wild older sister, who is nowhere to be found, bringing his adopted son.
Haven't You Heard?
 I'm Sakamoto (坂本ですが?
 , Sakamoto desu ga?
 , lit.
 "I'm Sakamoto, You Know?")
 is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nami Sano.
 The manga follows a high school student named Sakamoto, who has a reputation for being the "coolest" person among the entire student body.
 The series has been licensed for an English release by Seven Seas Entertainment.
 An anime television adaptation by Studio Deen aired between April 8, 2016 and July 1, 2016.
My Bride Is a Mermaid (Japanese: 瀬戸の花嫁 , Hepburn: Seto no Hanayome , lit.
 "The Inland Sea Bride") is a Japanese manga series written by Tahiko Kimura.
 The manga was serialized between the September 2002 and May 2009 issues of "Monthly Gangan Wing", and the June and December 2010 issues of "Monthly Gangan Joker", both published by Square Enix.
 In 2004, a drama CD based on the series was released by Frontier Works.
 A 26-episode anime television series adaptation animated by Gonzo and directed by Seiji Kishi aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April and September 2007.
 Two original video animation episodes were released in November 2008 and January 2009.
 Odex, a Singaporean distributor, released it in English in Singapore as "Seto No Hana Yome".
 The anime was licensed for a North American distribution by Funimation Entertainment and was released in 2010 under the title "My Bride Is a Mermaid!"
.
The Kindaichi Case Files (Japanese: 金田一少年の事件簿 , Hepburn: Kindaichi Shōnen no Jikenbo ) is a Japanese mystery manga series based on the crime solving adventures of a high school student, Hajime Kindaichi, the supposed grandson of the famous (fictional) private detective Kosuke Kindaichi.
 They are written by Yōzaburō Kanari or Seimaru Amagi (depending on series) and illustrated by Fumiya Satō.
 The "Kindaichi series", which started serialization in "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" in 1992, is one of the earliest works in the mystery manga genre.
 In 1995, the manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.
The Prince Of Tennis (Japanese: テニスの王子様 , Hepburn: Tenisu no Ōjisama ) is a Japanese manga series about a tennis prodigy written and illustrated by Takeshi Konomi.
 The title is often shortened to Tenni-Pri (テニプリ ) , a portmanteau of the words "Tennis Prince".
 The manga was first published in Japan in Shueisha's "Weekly Shōnen Jump" in July 1999, and ended publication on March 3, 2008.
 A total of 379 chapters were serialized, spanning 42 volumes.
 As of volume 40, the manga has sold over 40 million copies in Japan.
 News that a sequel to the manga series was going to be developed was announced in the December issue of the Japanese manga magazine "Jump Square".
 The new manga series, entitled "New Prince of Tennis", began serialization in the "Jump Square" magazine on March 4, 2009, with the story taking place several months after the end of the original manga.
 Viz Media acquired the license to distribute the series in English in North America.
Neuro: Supernatural Detective, known in Japan as Majin Tantei Nōgami Neuro (Japanese: 魔人探偵 脳噛ネウロ , lit.
 "Demon Detective Neuro Nōgami") , is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yūsei Matsui.
 The series follows Neuro Nōgami, a demon who depends on mysteries for sustenance.
 Having consumed all the mysteries in the demon world, Neuro travels to the human world in search of more.
 There, Neuro recruits high school student Yako Katsuragi as a facade for a detective agency.
 The supernatural-themed manga was created because Matsui considered himself unable to draw humans.
