The Original Jam Sessions 1969 is a 2004 released album by Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby recorded as backing music for "The Bill Cosby Show" in 1969.
For Adults Only (1971) is the 13th comedy album by Bill Cosby.
 It was recorded at the Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino, then known as the International Hotel.
 The title "For Adults Only" was also used for a 1959 Pearl Bailey LP (Roulette R-25016).
It's True!
 It's True!
 (1969) is the ninth comedy album by Bill Cosby.
 It was his last for Warner Bros.
 Records.
 It was recorded live at Harrah's, Lake Tahoe, Nevada.
 Due to a musician's strike, Cosby got extra stage time at Harrah's, much of which was captured on this album.
 It features Cosby performing stand-up comedy on topics including women, helicopters, ants, burlesque, gambling, the toxic drug Spanish fly, and pontificating about sovereign states outside the United States.
 The album was released in 1969, and reached the 21st spot on the R&B Albums chart, and was 37th on The Billboard 200 the same year.
 It was subsequently released in compact disc format in 2005, again in 2008, and in digital format in 2013.
theme song for "The Bill Cosby Show", and was also released as a well-known single in 1969.
 It was written and performed by Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby.
 It is known for its nonsense lyrics.
 It is on the album "Smackwater Jack".
 "Hikky Burr" was featured on the album "The Original Jam Sessions 1969", and on "The Best of Bill Cosby".
When I Was a Kid (1971) is the 12th comedy album by Bill Cosby recorded at the Westbury Music Fair.
 The cover is an early appearance of Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids.
Bill Cosby: Himself is a 1983 stand-up comedy film featuring Bill Cosby.
 Filmed before a live audience at the Hamilton Place Theatre, in Hamilton, Ontario, Cosby gives the audience his views ranging from marriage to parenthood.
 The film also showcases Cosby's trademark conversational style of stand-up comedy.
 For most of the performance, Cosby is seated at the center of the stage, only getting up to emphasize a joke.
Bill Cosby Talks to Kids About Drugs (1971) is an album by Bill Cosby.
 Unlike most of his recordings, this is not a full-fledged comedy album, but rather a record intended for children to school them on the dangers of drugs through songs and dialogue.
 It won the Grammy Award in 1972 for Best Recording for Children.
Bill Cosby 77 is an unreleased 2014 stand-up comedy film featuring Bill Cosby, filmed before a live audience at the San Francisco Jazz Center in California.
 Cosby chose the venue in honor of his friend Enrico Banducci and his establishment the hungry i.
 The comedian said his wife Camille Cosby helped with the editing process of the film.
 At approximately 60 minutes in duration, the film features Cosby pontificating on matters of children, romance, and matrimony.
 The film was named in honor of the fact that it was taped on Cosby's 77th birthday on July 12, 2014.
Bill's Best Friend is the 17th comedy album by Bill Cosby.
 Much of the material was recycled in the film and accompanying album "Himself".
 The story of the car with the airplane engine was previously attributed to Fat Albert, while on this album the owner is referred to as "Charlie Waynes".
 The car in the Fat Albert sketch was a 1941 Mercury.
 The car on this album is a 1942 DeSoto.
 This album and his previous Capitol Records album were repackaged in Australia as a two-CD set in 1992 called "The Bill Cosby Collection".
Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days (1976) is a musical comedy album by Bill Cosby.
