Alhambra Shopping Centre, also known by its former name The Mall Barnsley, is Barnsley's main shopping complex, housing 41 shops and adjacent to Barnsley Market.
 The centre was opened in 1991.
 A number of chains have been in the centre in the past, most notable was Woolworths which ceased trading in December 2008.
 It was owned and operated by shopping centre operator The Mall Company until its sale to F&C REIT in September 2011.
 In the centre there are a number of small retail stalls which encourage independent businesses to start.
Gambit Esports, also known by its former name Gambit Gaming, is a European esports organization based in the United Kingdom.
 It was established in January 2013 after the acquisition of the former "League of Legends" roster of Moscow Five.
 The team previously had a team competing in the European League of Legends Championship Series.
 Gambit currently has a "" team, a "Dota 2" team and a "League of Legends" team competing in the League of Legends Continental League under the name Gambit.CIS.
 The organisation also sponsors a FIFA 17 player, Andrei Timon Gurev.
Ashiana Ball Club – Afghan football, basketball and volleyball club, established in 1985 as a team of workers of the city of Qunduz.
 In 2000 the team is in the Turkey and is called "AZ Qunduzspor."
 Previously, the team was called Ashiana, but recently merged team Ashiana and team sports society Afghans working in the Diaspora "Zoalqadar" into a single command "AZ Qunduzspor."
 In 2009, AS Kunduzspor received a new status.
 Sports club regained its former name Ashiana BC and now includes football, basketball, and volleyball komandu.Futbolny Club Ashiana BC is again in the UK and participates in various tournaments.
 team play student activists of the Afghan educational organization Ashiana, a political organization "Afghanistan Liberation Organization" (ALO) and the Communist (Maoist) Party of Afghanistan.
Aldouane is an unincorporated community in the Canadian province of New Brunswick; a Local Service District to the east takes its name from the Aldouane River, a former name of the Rivière Saint-Charles, and Aldouane Lake, a former name of Northwest Branch.
Interstate 172 (I-172) is a spur route from Interstate 72.
 The highway runs north from its start outside of Hannibal, Missouri to just two miles (3 km) west of Fowler, Illinois.
 At U.S. Highway 24, Interstate 172 becomes Illinois Route 336, which runs north and east to Macomb, Illinois via Carthage, Illinois.
 The entire portion of I-172 and I-72 from I-172 east to Springfield is also known by its former name, the Central Illinois Expressway.
 I-172 is 19.69 mi long.
A pupil master ('pupilmaster' or 'pupil-master') or in the case of a female barrister, 'pupil mistress' etc., is the former name given to an experienced barrister who a pupil shadows during their pupillage.
 The term pupil master or mistress has now been replaced by the term 'pupil supervisor'.
 Barristers are called to the Bar via one of the four Inns of Court upon successful completion of the BPTC and having undertaken a required number of "qualifying sessions" in their chosen Inn of Court.
 In most cases, the newly called barrister is then required to undertake training for a period of at least a year before the barrister can start their own private practice.
 This training period is known as pupillage, usually split into two periods of six months known as "sixes".
 The first "six" is a non-practising six, during which the pupil will shadow their pupil master; the second is usually a practising "six", when the pupil, with their pupil master's permission, can undertake the supply of legal services and exercise rights of audience in court.
 Occasionally, a pupil barrister may undertake a third "six", extending the training period a further six months.
 At the end of pupillage, to continue practising the law, a barrister may attempt to become a tenant in a set of barristers' chambers, or find a position as an employed barrister.
FC Volgograd (Russian: ФК Волгоград ) is a former name of the Russian football club from Volgograd, founded in late 2008, currently known as FC Rotor Volgograd.
 Before it was founded, it was originally supposed to be called FC Rotor-Volgograd Volgograd (to keep Rotor's name around at the time FC Rotor Volgograd was close to bankruptcy).
 However, FC Rotor's financial situation has improved by early 2009 and the club was registered as FC Volgograd.
 It played in the Russian Second Division in 2009.
 It took over the license of FC Olimpia Volgograd, who were having financial difficulties at the time.
Thomas Aaron Shearn (born August 28, 1977) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher.
 Shearn, who spent 11 years in the minor leagues, made his big league debut for the Cincinnati Reds on August 26, , in a game in which he started for the Reds against the Florida Marlins.
 Before being called up, Shearn was living out of the groundskeeper's trailer at the stadium of the Reds' Louisville affiliate.
 Shearn had driven in his trailer from Louisville, Kentucky, to get to the game, as he was supposed to start that day for the Reds' AAA affiliate, the Louisville Bats.
 He made two more starts for the Reds in September, the best one coming in a 7-0 win over the Mets on September 5, 2007.
 In that game he threw six scoreless innings, striking out three and surrendering three hits.
 Shearn is famously quoted as saying, "Tom Shearn is only one man".
The Charlotte River (also Macaco River) is a former name for what was thought to be a continuous river draining Lake Okeechobee (formerly Lake Macaco) into Charlotte Harbor.
 Although an 1842 map indicates that the Charlotte was the same as the Caloosahatchee River, which does flow all the way from the lake, other sources distinguish the two from each other.
 Most maps that include the river show it following what is now known as Shell Creek east from the Peace River and splitting into multiple branches, with the south branch receiving water from Lake Macaco, a north or northeast branch, and a central branch labeled as Lost Creek.
 The most prominent actual waterway near the east half of the supposed Charlotte River is Fisheating Creek
The 1993 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 44th season with the National Football League.
 This season was notable for coach Bill Belichick deciding to bench, and then ultimately release, longtime starting quarterback Bernie Kosar in favor of Vinny Testaverde.
 Kosar resurfaced during the season with the Dallas Cowboys, when he was part of the eventual Super Bowl champions as a fill-in for injured quarterback Troy Aikman.
 The Browns get off to a 5-2 start despite the Quarterback Controversy.
 Prior to the start of the season the Browns signed Free Agent Quarterback Vinny Testaverde.
 Originally Testaverde was supposed to back-up his former University of Miami teammate Bernie Kosar.
 However, when Testaverde performed better when given the opportunity to play some felt there should be a change at the Quarterback position.
 However, the Browns went beyond that by unceremoniously releasing Kosar in the middle of the season.
 The Browns lost their next four games and seven of their last nine games to finish with a 7-9 record.
