The Housemaid (하녀, "Hanyeo") is a 1960 black-and-white South Korean film.
 It was directed by Kim Ki-young and starred Lee Eun-shim, Ju Jeung-nyeo and Kim Jin-kyu.
 It has been described in Koreanfilm.org as a "consensus pick as one of the top three Korean films of all time".
 This was the first film in Kim's "Housemaid" trilogy followed by "Woman of Fire".
 The film was remade in 2010 by director Im Sang-soo.
The Rat Pack is a term used by the media to refer to an informal group of entertainers centered on the Las Vegas casino scene.
 Having its origins in a group of friends that met at the Los Angeles home of Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall, by the 1960s, it was the name used by the press and the general public to refer to a later variation of the group that called itself "the Summit" or "the Clan", featuring Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr., Peter Lawford and Joey Bishop among others; they appeared together on stage and in films in the early 1960s, including the movies "Ocean's 11", "Sergeants 3", and "Robin and the 7 Hoods" (in the last film, Bing Crosby replaced Lawford).
 Sinatra, Martin, and Davis were regarded as the group's lead members.
Khaidi (English: "Prisoner") is a 1983 Indian Telugu-language action film starring Chiranjeevi and directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy.
 Madhavi was the heroine.
 It became a major blockbuster and a turning point in Chiranjeevi's career winning unlimited fan following.
 It was remade into Kannada with Vishnuvardan with the same name.
 The film is loosely based on the 1982 film "First Blood".
 Later, this movie has brought big name to Chiranjeevi and he made Khaidi No. 786 as 100th movie and his 150th movie is Khaidi No. 150.
 It is thus the first film in Chiranjeevi's highly successful "Khaidi" trilogy.
Bad Animals is the ninth studio album by the American rock band Heart, released on June 6, 1987 by Capitol Records.
 The album continues the mainstream hard rock style from the band's 1985 self-titled release, all while enjoying similar success.
 RIAA certification as of 1992 is three times platinum, indicating sales in excess of three million copies in the US alone.
 The album reached No. 2 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart in August 1987.
 "Bad Animals" contained the number one hit single "Alone", while "Who Will You Run To" reached No. 7, "There's the Girl" reached No. 12, and "I Want You So Bad" reached No. 49.
 The album is notable for containing only a few tracks with writing contributions from lead members Ann and Nancy Wilson.
 It received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal.
Chitram is a 2000 Telugu film written and directed by Teja.
 This film stars Uday Kiran & Reema Sen in the lead roles and marked the debut of the lead actors.
 The film was sensational hit in 2000.
 The film is produced by Ramoji Rao and has music composed by R.P. Patnaik.
 The film was released as "Chithiram" in Tamil in 2001 with the film mostly featuring scenes dubbed from the original although scenes involving Manivannan and Senthil were added.
 "Chitram" and "Nuvve Kavali" were the two movies which set a trend of college campus romance stories in the same year.
 The movie was remade in Kannada as "Chithra", starring Prabhu Deva's brother Nagendra Prasad and Rekha Vedavyas in 2001 under the direction of Dinesh Baboo and the production of Ramoji Rao.
 The movie was a superhit in Kannada and marked the debut of the lead actors.
Antahpuram (English: "Palace") is a 1998 Telugu action drama film produced by P.Kiran on Anandi Art Creations banner, directed by Krishna Vamsi.
 The film stars Jagapati Babu, Soundarya, Prakash Raj, and Sai Kumar in prominent roles with music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
 Prakash Raj won National Film Award – Special Jury Award / Special Mention (Feature Film) for his performance in the film.
 The film won three Filmfare Awards South for Best Film, Best Director and Best Actress.
 The film also went on to win the Nandi Award for Best Supporting Actor for Jagapati Babu, Nandi Award for Best Female Playback Singer for S. Janaki and Nandi Award for Best Female Dubbing Artist for Saritha.
 This film is famous for being the first film in Telugu to have Rayalaseema faction as its main plot.
 The film was later remade in 1999 in Tamil with the same name with Parthiban replacing Jagapathi Babu and it was remade in Hindi as "" (2003).
Ocean's Thirteen is a 2007 American comedy heist film directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring an ensemble cast.
 It is the third and final film in the Soderbergh-directed "Ocean's Trilogy", following the 2004 sequel "Ocean's Twelve" and the 2001 film "Ocean's Eleven", which itself was a remake of the 1960 Rat Pack film "Ocean's 11".
 All the male cast members reprise their roles from the previous installments, but neither Julia Roberts nor Catherine Zeta-Jones returns.
Marc Barthel (also known as Jesse D'Lane) is a singer, actor, songwriter and dubbing actor from Berlin, Germany.
 He was born on Oct. 04, 1989 in Berlin and first became famous as one of the lead members of the pop group ''.
 He left the group in 2007 to focus on his solo music career as 'Jesse D'Lane'.
 Furthermore, he has since then been working as an actor in television, film and commercial productions.
Khilona (English: Toy ) is a 1970 Indian drama film, produced by L.V. Prasad on Prasad Productions Pvt.Ltd.
 banner and directed by Chander Vohra.
 Starring Sanjeev Kumar, Mumtaz, Jeetendra in lead roles.
 Other actors in supporting roles are Shatrughan Sinha, Durga Khote, Ramesh Deo, Jagdeep and music composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal.
 The film recorded as "Super Hit" at the box office.
 The film was a remake of Telugu film "Punarjanma".
 The film was not remade in Tamil instead both Hindi and Tamil version were simultaneously made.
 Tamil version had "Engirundho Vandhaal" with Sivaji Ganesan and Jayalalithaa.
 The film was also remade in Malayalam as "Amrithavaahini".
The first HERC was established in Northern California in 2000 with Stanford, the University of California at Berkeley, and the University of California at Santa Cruz as lead members, with the goal of allowing colleges and universities to collaborate on the recruitment of faculty, staff, and executives.
 There are currently eleven regional HERCs in the United States, consisting of over 550 campuses in 22 states and the District of Columbia.
