This is a list of episodes for the anime television series Kekkaishi.
 The series was adapted by Sunrise from the manga "Kekkaishi" by Yellow Tanabe.
 It was directed by Kenji Kodama with character designs by Hirotoshi Takaya and music by Taku Iwasaki.
 The opening theme for all episodes is "Sha la la -Ayakashi NIGHT-" by Saeka Uura.
 There are four different ending themes: "Akai Ito" (赤い糸 , "Red Thread") by Koshi Inaba (episodes 1–15, 38, 40, 48, 52), "Sekaijuu Dokowo Sagashitemo" (世界中どこを探しても , Sekaijū Doko o Sagashite mo , "Looking for Another World") by Aiko Kitahara (episodes 16–23, 39, 44, 51), "My Mirai" (マイミライ , Mai Mirai , "My Future") by Saeka Uura (episodes 24–30, 41, 46, 49), and "Kyukei Jikan 10pun" (休憩時間10分 , Kyūkei Jikan Jippun , "10 Minute Break") by Saeka Uura (episodes 31–37, 42-43, 45, 47, 50).
Jonathan Davis and the SFA (Simply Fucking Amazings) is the solo band of Korn frontman Jonathan Davis.
Epic Day is the nineteenth studio album by the Japanese rock duo B'z.
 It was released on March 4, 2015, more than 3.5 years after their previous studio effort, "C'mon", their longest gap between studio albums.
 It came after a hiatus in which the members released solo projects, including vocalist/lyricist Koshi Inaba's "Singing Bird" and guitarist/composer Tak Matsumoto's "New Horizon".
"Faget" is a song by the American nu metal band Korn.
 It is the sixth track from the band's self-titled debut studio album.
 The song is about how Korn's lead vocalist Jonathan Davis was bullied in high school for being into arts, wearing eyeliner, being into new wave music (for example, Duran Duran), and wearing frilly shirts.
 According to Jonathan Davis, he was constantly called names such as "faggot".
 Also, there was a rumor that Davis was gay.
 Jonathan Davis said he did not know if he was gay or not.
 Therefore, Davis tried to get in a relationship with another boy.
 However, Jonathan Davis disliked the experience, realizing he is not gay, even if people thought he was.
Hiroshi Asai (麻井 寛史 , Asai Hiroshi ) (born 26 April 1978) is a Japanese arranger, musician and composer for the Giza Studio label.
 He is a former member of band "The★tambourines".
 Since 2012 he is a member of the instrumental band "Sensation".
 He arranged music for artists such as Miho Komatsu, U-ka Saegusa in dB, Mai Kuraki, Shiori Takei and many others from the Giza Studio label.
 He did back vocals for Rina Aiuchi.
 He participated in live concerts for artist such as Zard's since 1999, Koshi Inaba's solo live tours, Marie Ueda and Garnet Crow Symphonic Concert 2010 ~All Lovers~.
Josh "Joshua Ray" Gooch (born January 16, 1991) is an American guitarist, songwriter and music producer.
 Joshua is the lead guitarist for Shania Twain.
 Joshua has also toured with Koshi Inaba of B'z and blues artist Beth Hart.
 He has recorded with producers Ross Hogarth, Don Gehman, and Johnny Sandlin.
 Joshua is managed by Robert M. Knight.
American rock band Linkin Park has recorded material for seven studio albums, the most recent being One More Light in 2017.
 A single from the album titled "Heavy" was released worldwide.
 The band was formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1996 by three high school friends; Mike Shinoda, Rob Bourdon, and Brad Delson.
 The group later expanded to a six piece when they added Joe Hahn, Dave "Phoenix" Farrell, and Mark Wakefield to the line-up.
 Mark Wakefield was later changed by lead vocalist Chester Bennington.
 After facing numerous rejections from several major record labels, Linkin Park turned to Jeff Blue for additional help.
 After failing to catch Warner Bros.
 Records on three previous reviews, Jeff Blue, now the vice president of Warner Bros.
 Records, helped the band sign a deal with the company in 1999.
 The band released its breakthrough album, "Hybrid Theory", the following year.
 The album produced four singles, "One Step Closer", "Crawling", "Papercut" and "In the End".
 The album included a total of twelve songs in addition with two special edition tracks available in Japan.
 Later in 2002 the band released a Remix album "Reanimation", which would include works from "Hybrid Theory" and non-album tracks.
 "Reanimation" debuted on July 30, 2002, featuring the likes of Black Thought, Jonathan Davis, Aaron Lewis, and many others.
 "Reanimation" claimed the second spot on the "Billboard" 200, and sold nearly 270,000 copies during its debut week.
 The remix album included twenty remixed songs, mainly hip-hop influenced.
B'z (ビーズ , Bīzu ) is a Japanese rock duo, consisting of guitarist, composer and producer Takahiro "Tak" Matsumoto (松本 孝弘 , Matsumoto Takahiro ) and vocalist and lyricist Koshi Inaba (稲葉 浩志 , Inaba Kōshi ) , known for their energetic hard-rock tracks and pop ballads.
Koshi Inaba (稲葉浩志 , Inaba Kōshi ) , born Hiroshi Inaba (稲葉浩志 , Inaba Hiroshi ) on September 23, 1964 in Tsuyama, Okayama, is a Japanese vocalist, multi-instrumentalist and songwriter.
Singing Bird is the fifth solo studio album by Japanese singer Koshi Inaba, of B'z fame.
 It was released by Vermillion Records on May 21, 2014 in Japan.
 The album debuted at #1 at the Japanese Oricon weekly album charts and at #2 at the "Billboard Japan" Top Albums chart.
 besides reaching 39# at Oricon's 2014 year-end chart The song "Oh My Love" received a video and was used at a commercial of a new camera by Olympus.
 The video featured Japanese football player Keisuke Honda.
