Emily Parker Groom (1876–1975) was an American artist born in Wayland, Massachusetts, and died in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
 As a child, she attended weekly art lessons under Miss Alida Goodwin, a teacher at South Division High School and All Saints Cathedral Institute, where Emily later graduated.
 She simultaneously received private painting lessons from her father.
 These experiences combined provided her with a unique early education compared to the primarily German-speaking community of artists in the area.
 She attended the Art Institute of Chicago with John Vanderpoel, the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, and participated in the Art Student's League in New York with Birge Harrison.
Vanessa Lynn Williams (born March 18, 1963) is an American actress, singer, and fashion designer.
 She initially gained recognition as the first African-American recipient of the Miss America title when she was crowned Miss America 1984 in 1983.
 However, a scandal arose the following year when, a few weeks prior to the end of her reign, Williams learned that "Penthouse" magazine would be publishing unauthorized nude photographs of her in an upcoming issue.
 Amid growing media controversy and scrutiny, Williams resigned as Miss America in July 1984 (under pressure from the Miss America Organization), and was replaced by first runner-up Miss New Jersey Suzette Charles.
The war memorial at Port Talbot, Wales, commemorates local men killed in the First World War and Second World War.
 It is located in the Talbot Memorial Park, where it was erected in 1925; the names from the Second World War were added later.
 It was sculpted by Louis Frederick Roslyn, and was unveiled on 4 July 1925 by Sir William R. Robertson.
 The park in which it stands was donated to the town by Miss Emily Charlotte Talbot of Margam Castle, and opened to the public in 1926.
 The memorial has been Grade II* listed since the year 2000.
"Miss Emily's Picture" is a song written by Red Lane, and recorded by American country music artist John Conlee.
 It was released in August 1981 as the second single from the album "With Love".
 The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Further Chronicles of Avonlea is a collection of short stories by L. M. Montgomery and is a sequel to "Chronicles of Avonlea".
 Published in 1920, it includes a number of stories relating to the inhabitants of the fictional Canadian village of Avonlea and its region, located on Prince Edward Island.
 Sometimes marketed as a book in the Anne Shirley series, Anne plays only a minor role in the book: out of the 15 stories in the collection, she narrates and stars in only one ("The Little Brown Book of Miss Emily"), and is briefly mentioned in passing in two others ("Aunt Cynthia's Persian Cat" and "The Return of Hester").
Emily Patricia Vanhoutte (born December 27, 1994) was crowned Miss Exclusive 2014 and she represented Belgium at Miss Earth 2014.
 She is the first Belgian delegate to Miss Earth by Miss Exclusive.
Goombay Smash is a rum based beverage in the Bahamas.
 It is traditionally served in a sling or collins glass.
 The Goombay Smash was created by Emily Cooper, aka Miss Emily, at the Blue Bee Bar in New Plymouth.
 The original recipe is a secret, but it is believed to have contained coconut rum, dirty rum, apricot brandy, and pineapple juice.
 Imitators and variations commonly use rum, coconut and pineapple juice.
 Apricot liqueur is sometimes used and dark, amber or spiced rums (dirty rums) are preferred.
 In place of coconut rum, coconut cream can be used.
 Other variations include Creme de Banana, orange juice and grenadine.
Emily Grierson, also referred to Miss Emily in the text, is the main character of the short story "A Rose for Emily" by William Faulkner.
 Miss Emily is described as “a small, fat woman” who lived within a modernizing town full of people who saw her as a very cold, very distant woman who lived in her past.
 Throughout the story, she is referred to by her fellow townspeople as a tradition, a duty, and a care, and is portrayed as a very mean, stubborn old woman.
 However, as her story unfolds, Faulkner wants readers to sympathize with her because of the amount of loss that she's had to cope with throughout her life.
Vanessa Williams (born March 18, 1963) is an American actress, singer, and fashion designer.
 She initially gained recognition as the first African American recipient of the Miss America title when she was crowned Miss America 1984 in September 1983.
 Several weeks before the end of her reign, however, a scandal arose when "Penthouse" magazine bought and published unauthorized nude photographs of Williams.
 Williams was pressured to relinquish her title, and was succeeded by the first runner-up, Miss New Jersey 1983, Suzette Charles.
 Thirty-two years later, in September 2015, Williams served as head judge for the Miss America 2016 pageant.
 At the beginning of the event, Miss America CEO Sam Haskell made a public apology to Williams for the events of 1984.
Emily Hope Morse (born June 2, 1970) is an American sex therapist, author, and media personality.
 She is the host of the long-running podcast, "Sex with Emily" and is also known for her 2012 recurring reality television appearance in Bravo's series "Miss Advised" (2012).
