The Reader's Digest Condensed Books were a series of hardcover anthology collections, published by the American general interest monthly family magazine "Reader's Digest" and distributed by direct mail.
 Most volumes contained five (although a considerable minority consisted of three, four, or six) current best-selling novels and nonfiction books which were abridged (or "condensed") specifically for "Reader's Digest".
The Reader's Digest Select Editions are a series of hardcover fiction anthology books, published bi-monthly and available by subscription, from "Reader's Digest".
 Each volume consists of four or five current bestselling novels selected by "Digest" editors and abridged (or "condensed") to shorter form to accommodate the anthology format.
Reader's Digest Guide to Love and Sex is a 1998 sex manual edited by Amanda Roberts and Barbara Padgett-Yawn and published by Reader's Digest.
 The book contains graphs, charts, and diagrams.
If on a winter's night a traveler (Italian: Se una notte d'inverno un viaggiatore ) is a 1979 novel by the Italian writer Italo Calvino.
 The postmodernist narrative, in the form of a frame story, is about the reader trying to read a book called "If on a winter's night a traveler".
 Each chapter is divided into two sections.
 The first section of each chapter is in second person, and describes the process the reader goes through to attempt to read the next chapter of the book he is reading.
 The second half is the first part of a new book that the reader ("you") finds.
 The second half is always about something different from the previous ones and the ending is never explained.
 The book was published in an English translation by William Weaver in 1981.
Reader's Digest Press was a United States publisher of the mid-1970s to early 1980s, owned by The Reader's Digest Association.
 It published full-length, original non-fiction books, often concerning military or political topics.
 (It thus differed from the better-known Reader's Digest Condensed Books.)
 Its works were sometimes distributed by Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
Football Digest was a sports magazine for fans interested in professional American football, with in-depth coverage of the National Football League (NFL).
 The magazine modeled the "Reader's Digest" idea, to bring the best in football journalism from newspapers and magazines that the fans would have otherwise not had an opportunity to read.
Eugene Hilburn "Gene" Methvin (September 19, 1934 – January 19, 2012) was an American pilot, journalist, and senior editor for the "Reader's Digest" Washington, D.C., bureau.
 A self-described "shoe leather reporter," Methvin contributed more than 100 articles to "Reader's Digest" and its 48 editions, reaching more than 100 million readers worldwide.
 His articles covered topics ranging from the U.S. Supreme Court, civil liberties and constitutional law, to U.S. defense posture, Kremlin politics, U.S.-Soviet relations, organized crime and international terrorist groups.
 An article by Methvin in the January 1965 "Reader's Digest", "How the Reds Make a Riot," won the magazine the coveted award for public service in magazine journalism given annually by the Society for Professional Journalists.
Trusted Media Brands, Inc. (TMBI), formerly known as the Reader's Digest Association, Inc. (RDA), is an American multi-platform media and publishing company that is co-headquartered in New York City and White Plains, New York.
 The company was founded by husband and wife DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace in New York City in 1922 with the first publication of "Reader's Digest".
Urdu Digest (Urdu: ‎ ) is a monthly Urdu magazine in Pakistan.
 It is first digest in Pakistan and was first published in November 1960 in Lahore.
 Its appearance is similar to the famous American monthly, "Reader's Digest".
 Its writings present a traditional way of religious Pakistani life and covers a large variety of topics.
 "Urdu Digest" is constantly performing the duty of character building and consciousness of Pakistanis for the last 53 years.
 The magazine also has been serving to strengthen the ideology of Pakistan and promoting national integration.
 "Urdu Digest" publishes translations of international literary stories, adventure stories, hunting stories and articles on science, technology, history, animals, education, health, positive thinking and business role models.
Reader's Digest is an American general-interest family magazine, published ten times a year.
 Formerly based in Chappaqua, New York, it is now headquartered in Midtown Manhattan.
 The magazine was founded in 1920, by DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace.
 For many years, "Reader's Digest" was the best-selling consumer magazine in the United States; it lost the distinction in 2009 to "Better Homes and Gardens".
 According to Mediamark Research (2006), "Reader's Digest" reaches more readers with household incomes of $100,000+ than "Fortune", "The Wall Street Journal", "Business Week", and "Inc." combined.
