Alfredo Marte (born March 31, 1989) is a Dominican professional baseball left fielder who is currently a free agent.
 He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Arizona Diamondbacks and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Carlos Ángel Peguero D'Oleo (born February 22, 1987) is a Dominican professional baseball left fielder who plays for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB).
 He signed with the Seattle Mariners as an international free agent on January 20, 2005, with whom he made his Major League Baseball (MLB) debut in 2011, and has played in MLB for the Kansas City Royals, Texas Rangers and Boston Red Sox.
Alexander Guerrero Perez (born November 20, 1986) is a Cuban-born professional baseball left fielder and third baseman for the Chunichi Dragons of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB).
 He defected from Cuba in 2013 to pursue a contract in Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers and made his MLB debut in 2014.
 He played primarily shortstop in Cuba, but has played third base and left field for the Dodgers, who released him in 2016.
Melky Cabrera Astacio (born August 11, 1984) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He has also played for the New York Yankees, Atlanta Braves, San Francisco Giants, Toronto Blue Jays and Chicago White Sox.
 While primarily a left fielder throughout his career, Cabrera spent a significant amount of his playing time as a center fielder for the Royals and Yankees.
Raúl Javier Ibañez ( ; born June 2, 1972) is an American former professional baseball left fielder in Major League Baseball (MLB) now serving as a special advisor to Los Angeles Dodgers president of baseball operations Andrew Friedman.
 He played 11 of his 19 seasons for the Seattle Mariners, and also for the Kansas City Royals, Philadelphia Phillies, New York Yankees, and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
 While primarily a left fielder, Ibañez often filled in as a designated hitter as well throughout his career.
Marcell Ozuna Idelfonso (born November 12, 1990) is a Dominican professional baseball left fielder for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He made his MLB debut in 2013.
Juan Osvaldo Lagares (born March 17, 1989) is a Dominican professional baseball center fielder for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He made his MLB debut during the 2013 season.
 Known for his defensive prowess, he won the National League Gold Glove Award in 2014.
Darrell Albert Ceciliani, Jr. (born June 22, 1990) is an American professional baseball left fielder for the Toronto Blue Jays of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He made his MLB debut with the New York Mets in 2015.
Jefry Leonal Marté Paulino (born June 21, 1991) is a Dominican professional baseball first baseman, third baseman and left fielder for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He made his MLB debut with the Detroit Tigers in 2015.
Alfonso Guilleard Soriano (born January 7, 1976) is a Dominican former professional baseball left fielder and second baseman.
 He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees, Chicago Cubs, Texas Rangers, and Washington Nationals, and in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp.
