The 1992–93 NBA season was the Bullets' 32nd season in the National Basketball Association.
 A year after being named Most Improved Player, Pervis Ellison who had a history of injuries played only 49 games.
 The Bullets struggled after a 7–10 start losing nine consecutive games in December.
 They lost their final five games of the season, finishing last place in the Atlantic Division with a 22–60 record.
 Top draft pick Tom Gugliotta made the All-Rookie First Team averaging 14.7 points and 9.6 rebounds per game.
 On March 19, 1993 against the Chicago Bulls, second-year guard LaBradford Smith scored a career high of 37 points against Michael Jordan.
 However, the Bullets lost to the Bulls 104–99.
 Following the season, Harvey Grant was traded to the Portland Trail Blazers, and Charles Jones was released, where he would sign as a free agent with the Detroit Pistons during the next season.
The 2001–02 NBA season was the 13th season for the Orlando Magic in the National Basketball Association.
 During the offseason, the Magic signed free agent All-Star center Patrick Ewing to their roster, while re-signing Horace Grant to further strengthen the team's depth.
 Early into the season, they traded Bo Outlaw to the Phoenix Suns for Jud Buechler.
 Tracy McGrady continued to emerge as a superstar as he finished fourth in the NBA in scoring with 25.6 points per game, and was selected for the 2002 NBA All-Star Game.
 However, McGrady would not have much help as Grant Hill's comeback was ended after just 14 games, as he had to get more surgery on his bad ankle.
 Despite Hill's injury, the Magic made it to the playoffs with a record of 44–38, third in the Atlantic Division.
 In the first round of the playoffs, they lost in four games to the Charlotte Hornets.
 Following the season, Ewing and Buechler both retired, Troy Hudson signed as a free agent with the Minnesota Timberwolves, and Monty Williams signed with the Philadelphia 76ers.
The 1966 NBA Expansion Draft was the second expansion draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The draft was held from April 30 to May 1, 1966, so that the newly founded Chicago Bulls could acquire players for the upcoming 1966–67 season.
 Chicago had been awarded the expansion team on January 16, 1966.
 The Bulls were the third NBA franchise to play in Chicago, following the Chicago Stags, which folded in 1950, and the Chicago Packers–Zephyrs, which moved to Baltimore and became the Baltimore Bullets in 1963.
 In addition, the Bullets relocated to Washington in 1973 as the Capital Bullets, then became the Washington Bullets a year later, before becoming the Washington Wizards in 1997.
The 1979 NBA World Championship Series was the championship series played at the conclusion of the National Basketball Association (NBA)'s 1978–79 season.
 The Western Conference champion Seattle SuperSonics played the Eastern Conference champion Washington Bullets, with the Bullets holding home-court advantage, due to a better regular season record.
 The SuperSonics defeated the Bullets 4 games to 1.
 The series was a rematch of the 1978 NBA Finals, which the Washington Bullets had won 4–3.
The 1974–75 Washington Bullets played in their 14th season.
 The franchise changed their name from the Capital Bullets to the Washington Bullets.
 The franchise captured its 6th division title in 7 years by posting a franchise best record of 60–22.
 The Bullets were nearly unbeatable at home posting a record of 36–5 at the Capital Centre.
 The Bullets won their second Eastern Conference title, but were swept in the NBA Finals in four games by the Golden State Warriors.
The 2002–03 NBA season was the 14th season for the Orlando Magic in the National Basketball Association.
 During the offseason, the Magic signed free agent All-Star forward Shawn Kemp.
 The rise of Tracy McGrady into a superstar was completed as he won his first scoring title with 32.1 points per game, while being selected for the 2003 NBA All-Star Game.
 However, with Grant Hill playing just 29 games due to injury, and Horace Grant only playing just five games with a sore left knee, it seemed as if he was all alone again.
 Midway through the season, the Magic traded Mike Miller to the Memphis Grizzlies for rookie Drew Gooden as they finished fourth in the Atlantic Division with a record of 42–40.
 However, in the first round of the playoffs, they lost to the top-seeded Detroit Pistons four games to three after taking a 3–1 series lead.
 Following the season, Kemp retired, Darrell Armstrong signed as a free agent with the New Orleans Hornets, and Grant re-signed with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Harvey Grant (born July 4, 1965) is a retired American National Basketball Association basketball player.
 He is the identical twin brother of Horace Grant, also a former NBA player.
The 1949–50 Baltimore Bullets season was the first season of the Maryland club in the newly formed National Basketball Association.
 Coming from two successful seasons in the BAA, including a championship run, this time their 25-43 record would not be sufficient for them to reach the division playoffs.
 Another change from the previous year was president Robert "Jake" Embry's decision not to televise the Bullets' games.
 The club would change hands towards the end of the season, to a group of local businessmen.
The 1973–74 Capital Bullets season was the team's first in Washington, D.C. area, southeast from nearby Baltimore.
 Prior to the 1973–74 season, the Baltimore Bullets relocated to Landover, Maryland, a suburb east of Washington, and became the Capital Bullets.
The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team based in Washington, D.C. They are a member of the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 The team plays its home games at the Capital One Arena.
 The franchise was established in Chicago, Illinois as the Chicago Packers in 1961; after one season, its name was changed to the Chicago Zephyrs.
 In 1963, the franchise moved to Baltimore, Maryland and was renamed the Baltimore Bullets.
 It moved to Landover, Maryland in 1973 and changed its name to the Capital Bullets.
 After one season, the team became the Washington Bullets.
 In 1978, the Bullets won the 1978 NBA Finals in seven games for the franchise's only championship.
 In 1997, the team became the Washington Wizards, which is the team's current name.
 Since their formation, the Wizards have won six divisional championships, four conference championships, one league championship and have appeared in the playoffs twenty-three times.
