Superbad is a 2007 American teen comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and produced by Judd Apatow.
 The film stars Jonah Hill and Michael Cera as Seth and Evan, two teenagers about to graduate high-school.
 Before graduating, the boys want to go to a party and each lose their virginity.
 However, their plan proves harder than expected.
 Written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, the script began development when Rogen and Goldberg were 13 years old, and was loosely based on their experience in Grade 12 in Vancouver during the 1990s.
 The main characters have the same given names as the two writers.
 Rogen was also initially intended to play Seth, but due to age and physical size this was changed, and Hill went on to portray Seth, while Rogen portrayed the irresponsible Officer Michaels, opposite "Saturday Night Live" star Bill Hader as Officer Slater.
The Green Hornet is a 2011 American superhero action comedy film based on the character of the same name by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker that had originated in a 1930s radio program and has appeared in movie serials, a television series, comic books, and other media.
 Directed by Michel Gondry and written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, the film stars Rogen, Jay Chou, Christoph Waltz, Edward James Olmos, David Harbour, Tom Wilkinson and Cameron Diaz.
 The film was released to theaters in North America on January 14, 2011 by Columbia Pictures, in versions including RealD Cinema and IMAX 3D.
 The film earned $227.8 million on a $120 million budget.
 "The Green Hornet" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, and Blu-ray 3D on May 3, 2011 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.
This Is the End is a 2013 American disaster black comedy horror fantasy film written, directed and story by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg and stars Rogen, James Franco, Jonah Hill, Jay Baruchel, Danny McBride, Craig Robinson, Michael Cera and Emma Watson.
 The story features real life actors playing fictionalized versions of themselves in the aftermath of a global biblical apocalypse.
 The film premiered at the Fox Village Theater on June 3, 2013 and was released in the United States on June 14, 2013 by Columbia Pictures, before being re-released on September 6, 2013.
 The film grossed $126 million on a $32 million budget.
Pineapple Express is a 2008 American stoner action comedy film directed by David Gordon Green, written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg and starring Rogen and James Franco.
 The plot concerns a process server and his marijuana dealer friend forced to flee from hitmen and a corrupt police officer after witnessing them commit a murder.
 Producer Judd Apatow, who previously worked with Rogen and Goldberg on "Knocked Up" and "Superbad", assisted in developing the story, which was partially inspired by the bromantic comedy subgenre.
 In the (2013) comedy "This is the End" the cast make a fake parody sequel.
Sausage Party is a 2016 American adult computer-animated comedy film directed by Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon and written by Kyle Hunter, Ariel Shaffir, Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg.
 It features the voices of Rogen, Kristen Wiig, Jonah Hill, Bill Hader, Michael Cera, James Franco, Danny McBride, Craig Robinson, Paul Rudd, Nick Kroll, David Krumholtz, Edward Norton, and Salma Hayek.
 The film, which is a spoof of Disney and Pixar films, follows a sausage named Frank who tries to discover the truth about his existence and goes on a journey with his friends to escape their fate while also facing against his own arch nemesis; a ruthless and murderous douche who intends to kill him and his friends.
Point Grey is an American film production company founded by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg in 2011.
 The company is named after Vancouver's Point Grey Secondary School, where Rogen and Goldberg first met.
"Pilot" is the series premiere of the supernatural drama television series "Preacher", which originally aired on AMC in the United States on May 22, 2016.
 The episode was written by the creators of the television adaptation, Seth Rogen, Evan Goldberg and Sam Catlin; with both Rogen and Goldberg directing.
 The pilot encore was followed by "Talking Preacher", AMC's after-show hosted by Chris Hardwick.
Bigfoot is an American animated series television pilot created by Seth Rogen, Matt McKenna, and Evan Goldberg that is in development for the FX cable network.
 It would be based on the autobiographical bigfoot-themed books from the illustrator Graham Roumieu.
 Rogen, McKenna, and Goldberg would also be serving as executive producers of the show.
 The series will follow the protagonist Bigfoot.
Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising (released in some countries as Bad Neighbours 2) is a 2016 American comedy film directed by Nicholas Stoller and written by Stoller, Andrew J. Cohen, Brendan O'Brien, Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg.
 The film is a sequel to "Neighbors", and follows the Radners (Rogen and Rose Byrne) having to outwit a new sorority led by Shelby (Chloë Grace Moretz), living next door in order to sell their house currently in escrow.
 Zac Efron, Dave Franco, Jerrod Carmichael, Ike Barinholtz, Carla Gallo, Hannibal Buress and Lisa Kudrow reprise their roles from the first film.
 It was Rogen's first live action sequel.
The Interview is a 2014 American action comedy film directed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg.
 It is their second directorial work, following "This Is the End" (2013).
 The screenplay is by Dan Sterling, based upon a story he co-authored with Rogen and Goldberg.
 The film stars Rogen and James Franco as journalists who set up an interview with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un (Randall Park), and are recruited by the CIA to assassinate him.
 The film is also heavily inspired by a Vice documentary which was shot in 2012.
