Quaker Ridge is a former railroad station on the White Plains branch of the New York, Westchester and Boston Railway in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County, New York.
 The station is named for the Quaker Ridge section of northern New Rochelle along the Scarsdale Town border.
 It was constructed by the New York, Westchester & Boston commuter railroad which linked Manhattan with the less populous northern Bronx section of New York City and the primarily undeveloped countryside of Westchester County.
Northern Westchester refers to the upper portion of Westchester County, New York, a suburban area north of New York City.
 Lying north of Interstate 287/Cross Westchester Expressway, these communities are distinguished by distance from New York City and their more rural character from those of Southern Westchester.
 The area is notable for its general affluence and high degree of watershed for New York City, being home to two major collection reservoirs supplying drinking water to it, the New Croton Reservoir and the Kensico Reservoir.
Interstate 287 (I-287) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the US states of New Jersey and New York.
 It is a partial beltway around New York City, serving the northern half of New Jersey and the counties of Rockland and Westchester in New York.
 I-287, which is signed north–south in New Jersey and east–west in New York, follows a roughly horseshoe-shaped route from the New Jersey Turnpike (I-95) in Edison Township, New Jersey, clockwise to the New England Thruway (I-95) in Rye, New York, for 98.72 mi .
 Through New Jersey, I-287 runs west from its southern terminus in Edison through suburban areas.
 In Bridgewater Township, the freeway takes a more northeasterly course, paralleled by U.S. Route 202 (US 202).
 The northernmost part of I-287 in New Jersey passes through mountainous surroundings.
 After crossing into New York at Suffern, I-287 turns east on the New York State Thruway (I-87) and runs though Rockland County.
 After crossing the Hudson River on the Tappan Zee Bridge, I-287 splits from I-87 near Tarrytown and continues east through Westchester County on the Cross-Westchester Expressway until it reaches the New England Thruway.
The New York, Westchester and Boston Railway Company (NYW&B, also known to its riders as "the Westchester" and colloquially as the "Boston-Westchester"), was an electric commuter railroad in the Bronx and Westchester County, New York from 1912 to 1937.
 It ran from the southernmost part of the South Bronx, near the Harlem River, to Mount Vernon with branches north to White Plains and east to Port Chester.
 From 1906, construction and operation was under the control of the New York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad (NH) until its bankruptcy in 1935.
The New York and Stamford Railway was a streetcar line that connected the Westchester County suburbs of New Rochelle, Larchmont, Mamaroneck, Harrison, Rye, and Port Chester, with the Connecticut suburbs of Greenwich and Stamford.
 The company was formed in 1901 when the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad combined the Larchmont Horse Railway Company with the Port Chester Street Railroad Company.
 The Larchmont Horse Railway Company was founded in 1888 by the Larchmont Manor Company to construct a line from the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Larchmont train station to its development 1.2 miles from town.
 The line was rebuilt for electric operation and extended to Harrison in 1901.
 The Port Chester Street Railroad opened in 1898 serving Port Chester, New York.
 The trolley line was soon extended west through Rye to Harrison in 1901.
 The two companies were merged that summer to form the New York and Stamford Railway.
 Trackage rights over the Westchester Electric Railroad were obtained for access to New Rochelle.
New York State Route 9A (NY 9A) is a state highway in the vicinity of New York City in the United States.
 Its southern terminus is at the northern end of the Brooklyn–Battery Tunnel in New York City, where it intersects with both the unsigned Interstate 478 (I-478) and FDR Drive.
 The northern terminus of NY 9A is at U.S. Route 9 (US 9) in Peekskill.
 It is predominantly an alternate route of US 9 between New York City and Peekskill; however, in New York City, it is a major route of its own as it runs along the West Side Highway and Henry Hudson Parkway.
 In Westchester County, NY 9A follows the Briarcliff–Peekskill Parkway.
Willson's Woods Park is a park located in Mount Vernon, New York.
 The Park is owned by Westchester County and operated by its Department of Parks, Recreation and Conservation.
 Acquired in 1924, Willson's Woods is one of the oldest parks in the County's parks system.
 The Park was named for the former owner of the land, Charles Hill Willson of the Willson & Adams Lumber Company.
 The park is flanked to the east by the Hutchinson River Parkway and by Pelham Lake.
 It was built with the northern entrance passing under the now defunct New York, Westchester and Boston Railway line, and the southern under the still working New Haven Line.
The Bronx River Parkway (sometimes abbreviated as the Bronx Parkway) is a 19.12 mi long parkway in downstate New York in the United States.
 It is named for the nearby Bronx River, which it parallels.
 The southern terminus of the parkway is at Story Avenue near Bruckner Expressway in the Bronx neighborhood of Soundview.
 The northern terminus is at the Kensico Circle in North Castle, Westchester County, where the parkway connects to the Taconic State Parkway and, via a short connector, New York State Route 22 (NY 22).
 Within the Bronx, the parkway is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation and is designated New York State Route 907H (NY 907H), an unsigned reference route.
 In Westchester County, the parkway is maintained by the Westchester County Department of Public Works and is designated unsigned County Route 9987 (CR 9987).
Esplanade is a .8-mile street with a series of green traffic medians in the Morris Park and Pelham Gardens neighborhoods of the Bronx in New York City.
 The street was constructed in 1912 atop a covered trench of the New York, Westchester and Boston Railway that was cut through a hill.
 Atop the hill, Esplanade intersects with Pelham Parkway, a road with its own series of green traffic medians designated as parkland.
Larchmont is a Metro-North Railroad station on the New Haven Line in Larchmont, New York.
 It is mostly served by local trains originating or terminating at Stamford.
 The New England Thruway (Interstate 95) runs alongside the station, underneath a parking ramp for rail commuters.
 Larchmont Station was originally built by the New York and New Haven Railroad and was rebuilt by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad twice during the 20th century; First in the 1920s in order to facilitate a separate New York, Westchester and Boston Railway station, and again in the mid-1950s for construction of the New England Thruway.
