Neyyattinkara Sree Krishna Swamy Temple is a Lord Krishna temple situated at Neyyattinkara, 20 km south of Thiruvananthapuram city, in Kerala.
 One of the important temples of Lord Krishna, the temple is also of great historic importance as well.
 The temple enshrines Unnikannan (baby Krishna) as the presiding deity.
 Thrikayilvenna or Thrikayil Venna (butter) is a unique offering to Neyyattinkara Unnikannan – the deity of the temple.
Raskhan (born 1548 A.D.) was a poet who was both a Muslim and a follower(bhakt) of Lord Krishna.
 His birth name was Sayyad Ibrahim and is known to have lived in Amroha, India.
 "Raskhan" (रसखान) was his pen name in Hindi.
 In his early years, he became a follower of Lord Krishna and learned the religion from "Goswami Vitthalnath" and began living in Vrindavan and spent his whole life there.
 According to him lord Krishna was the most powerful and the greatest and was willing to give the greatest of the riches to have anything touched or belonging to Lord Krishna or be in his presence.
 But, he died in 1628 A.D. His samadhi is at Mahaban which is situated about six miles east of Mathura.
Purandara Dāsa (Kannada: ಪುರಂದರ ದಾಸ ) (1484–1564) was a Haridasa (a devotee - servant of Lord Hari (Vishnu)), great devotee of Lord Krishna (an incarnation of Lord Vishnu) and a saint.
 He was a disciple of the celebrated Madhwa philosopher-saint Sri Vyasatirtha, and a contemporary of yet another great Haridasa, Kanakadasa.
 His Guru, Sri Vyasatirtha himself glorified Purandara Dasa in a song thus: "Dāsarendare purandara dāsarayya" (ದಾಸರೆಂದರೆ ಪುರಂದರ ದಾಸರಯ್ಯ).
 Purandara Dasa was a composer, singer and one of the chief founding-proponents of the South Indian classical music (Carnatic Music).
 In honor of his significant and legendary contributions to Carnatic Music, he is widely referred to as the "Pitamaha" ("lit", "father" or the "grandfather") of Carnatic Music.
 He is respected as an "avatara" (incarnation) of the great sage Narada (a celestial being who is also a singer).
Guruvayurappan (Malayalam: ഗുരുവായൂരപ്പന്‍ , (transliterated guruvāyūrappan)) also often written Guruvayoorappan, is a form of Vishnu worshipped mainly in Kerala.
 He is the presiding deity of Guruvayoor temple, who is being worshiped as Shri Krishna in His child form, popularly known as Guruvayur Unnikkannan (Guruvayur baby Krishna).
 Even though the deity is that of "chatur bahu" (four handed) Vishnu, the concept ("Sankalpam") of the people is that the deity is the infant form of Lord Krishna.
 The deity represents the "purna rupa" (full manifestation) revealed by baby Krishna to His parents immediately after His advent in Kamsa's jail.
 Lord Krishna immediately after His birth had revealed Himself as four-armed standing Vishnu in front of His parents Devaki and Vasudeva.
 So baby Krishna is worshipped on a Vishnu deity.
 The temple is located in the town of Guruvayur, Thrissur, Kerala, India.
Chitralekha (चित्रलेखा) was a friend of Usha and daughter of minister of Banasura who ruled the present-day central Assam with his capital at Sonitpur (present-day Tezpur, Assam).
.
 She was a talented lady who helped Usha to identify the young man seen in the dream of Usha.
 Usha was daughter of Banasura, a thousand-armed asura and son of Bali.
 Banasur was a powerful and terrible asura.
 When Usha became young, number of proposals came for her marriage but Banasur accepted none and kept inside the Agnigarh located in Tezpur, Assam where fire is burining around.
 Usha one day saw a young man in her dream and fell in love with him.
 He was Aniruddha, the grandson of Lord Krishna.
 Chitralekha through supernatural powers abducted Aniruddha from the palace of Krishna and brought him to Usha.
 When Krishna knew it he came with a huge army and attacked Banasura.
 There was a severe battle.Banasura had got a powerful boon by Lord Shiva that he will always protect him in any circumstances.When banasura came to know that he will be defeated by the enormous powers of Lord Krishna he asked Lord Shiva to come in battlefield and help him.So unwillingly Shiva helped Banasura by spreading fever causing bacteria in the army of Krishna, which made his army unable to fight.
 Krishna in turn created anti-bacteria (probably anti-biotics) to kill bacteria spread by Shiva.
 All soldiers of Krishna’s army got healed and became ready to fight.
Krishna Priya, also known as Divine Mother, (18 November 1923 – 5 December 1987) was a devotee of Lord Krishna and a proponent of Sai Krishna tradition as a disciple of Sai Baba of Shirdi.
 Her mission as a Sadguru was to guide those who sought refuge in her towards spiritual path through the divine knowledge and grace bestowed upon her by her Guru Sai Baba of Shirdi.
Shri HIT Harivansh Mahaprabhu is the founder of Radhavallabh Sampradaya.
 Born in Baad Graam on 11th Day of Boishakh.
 He was the incarnation of Lord Krishna's Flute.
 A follower of Prema Bhakti and devotee of Radharani the Supreme power.
 His preaching of Radha Krishna being "Ek Pran Dou Deh" -One Soul Two Bodies; has been the valuable asset of this Sampradaya.
 The unique Yugal Darshan of Radhavallabh Temple are based on the same preaching.
 The famous temple of Shri Radhavallabh ji in Vrindavan, a place near Mathura is founded by him and his followers (hierarchy) are facilitating the Temple.
 The old temple of Shri Radhavallabh ji, just adjacent to the new temple has a sculpture of Shri Hit Harivansh Ji.
 Shri Hit Harivansh Ji Mahaprabhu is considered as the "Avatar" of Lord Krishna ' s Flute.
 Shri Radhavallabh ji Temple is one of the most famous temples of Thakur of Vrindavan including Sri Bankey Bihari Ji, Shri Govind Dev ji, Shri Madan Mohan Ji, Shri Gopinath Ji, Shri Radha Raman Ji and Shri Radha Damodar Ji.
Prabhu means master or the Prince in Sanskrit and many of the Indian languages; it is a name sometimes applied to God.
 The term is also used by male devotees of the Hindu God Lord Krishna/Vishnu as a title and form of address.
 If a man sees another male devotee whom he does not know, he will address him as "Prabhu".
 It is also appended after a devotee's name, for example "Madhava Prabhu".
 In Indonesia, especially in Javanese and Sundanese culture, the term is used as a part of royal titles, especially to address Kings.
Jagdish Mandir Kurseong is a temple of Lord Jagganth (Lord Krishna) which is situated in Kurseong town in Darjeeling District of West Bengal, India.
 The temple was built around 300 years ago by Purohit (Pareek) brothers who came to Kurseong from Mokalpur (Mokala) a small town of Rajasthan.
 As the Brahmin family of Pareeks were devotees of Lord Krishna the male members of the family made statues of Lord Jagannath from the holy neem tree of the village and set out in different directions to make temples of Lord Jagganath.
 As per available records many temples of Lord Jagannath were established in different areas of India.
 The main towns presently known are -
Gopaler Ma (translation: Mother of Gopala, an epithet for Sri Krishna) (1822 – 8 July 1906) was a devotee and a householder disciple of Sri Ramakrishna, the saint and mystic from Bengal.
 Her birth name was Aghoremani Devi, but she came to be known as Gopaler Ma among the devotees of Sri Ramakrishna, owing to her intense motherly love for Sri Ramakrishna as "Gopala" or baby Krishna.
 She was famous for her divine visions of Lord Krishna as a baby and her devotion to the ideals of Sri Ramakrishna.
 In her later years she was very close to Swami Vivekananda and Sister Nivedita.
 She spent the last few years of her life with Sister Nivedita.
