The Legendary A&M Sessions is an extended play featuring five songs by Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band, recorded early in their career for their original record label A&M Records.
 The EP was released by the company in 1984 after Captain Beefheart had gone into retirement.
BBC Sessions and Other Polished Turds is a compilation album by The Vandals, released August 12, 2008 by Kung Fu Records.
 It was released as a digital download through iTunes and the band's website, as well as on CD in Japan.
 The album collects rare songs by the band from compilations and out-of-print singles, as well as five songs recorded during various sessions at the BBC.
 It was promoted as "A collection of the band's most rare tracks all sharing one thing in common in that they were recorded when the band didn't give a crap, so they are fun, funny, and unpretentious".
Neman is an album by the Serbian noise-rock band Klopka Za Pionira, released in 2006 (see 2006 in music) on the Ne-ton independent label.
 The album's five songs contain no lyrics and are mostly experiments with various noise-making machines that the band was building.
 The outcome of these experiments can be heard on the following albums, so this was a kind of a showcase of their future work.
 The songs do not have names, merely numbers that position them on the disk.
 All of the songs were recorded at once and are first takes and complete improvisations on the spot.
Livin' on the Fault Line is the seventh studio album by the American rock band The Doobie Brothers, released in 1977.
 It is one of the few Doobie Brothers albums which did not produce a hit (although "You Belong to Me" was a hit as recorded by co-author Carly Simon).
 Still, the album received modest critical acclaim.
 Tom Johnston (guitar, vocals) left the band early in the sessions.
 He is listed as part of the band (appearing in the inside group photo) but appears on little or none of the actual album; despite writing and singing five songs during the sessions for the album, they were not included on the final release.
 Much of this consistently mellow album has a jazz tinge, and the influences of R&B are palpable throughout.
 The track "Little Darling (I Need You)" is a remake of the Marvin Gaye 1966 hit.
Bluelove is the second Korean mini album of South Korean rock band CNBLUE.
 It was released on May 19, 2010 by FNC Entertainment and distributed by Mnet Media.
 Before the album was release "Love Light" (Korean: 사랑 빛 ) was released as the first digital single on May 10, 2010.
 After it was released "Love" was promoted as the lead single.
 The album contain five new tracks plus previously released English track, "Let's Go Crazy" from their debut Japanese EP, "Now or Never".
Stop the Bleeding is the seventh studio album by the alternative rock band Sponge.
 It was released in 2013 on Three One Three Records.
 This album features the five songs previously released on Sponge's 2010 EP "Destroy the Boy".
 These five songs are "Dare to Breathe", "Destroy the Boy", "Come In from the Rain", "Star", and "Before the End", however these songs appear in a different order than they did on "Destroy the Boy".
 Also on this album Sponge does their own rendition on a classic Jim Croce song "Time in a Bottle".
 This album was first only sold at Summerland Tour show, but the national release was on September 17 and now can be found everywhere.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's Symphony No. 3 in D major, Op. 29, was written in 1875.
 He began it at Vladimir Shilovsky's estate at Ussovo on 5 June and finished on 1 August at Verbovka.
 Dedicated to Shilovsky, the work is unique in Tchaikovsky's symphonic output in two ways: it is the only one of his seven symphonies (including the unnumbered "Manfred Symphony") in a major key (discounting the unfinished Symphony in E♭ major); and it is the only one to contain five movements (an additional "Alla tedesca" movement occurs between the opening movement and the slow movement).
Tenacious D Live is the first live album by American rock band Tenacious D.
 Produced by John Spiker, it was released as a worldwide vinyl on November 27, 2015 by Columbia Records and was released on digital platforms on January 15, 2016.
 The release features recordings from the band's 2012 Rize of the Fenix tour and their 2013 European tour.
 The album features five songs from the bands debut album, five songs from their "Rize of the Fenix" album and one song from their "The Pick of Destiny" album.
Two Steps from the Blues is the debut album by Bobby Bland, in 1961.
 It compiles five songs recorded between 1956 and 1960 and seven songs recorded in two sessions from August 3 to November 12, 1960.
 The sessions took place in the Universal Studio in Chicago, where Bland and his backing band moved after a series of successful singles and albums.
 The backing band was composed of Joe Scott and Melvin Jackson (trumpet), Pluma Davis (trombone), Robert Skinner and L. A. Hill (tenor saxophone), Rayfield Devers (baritone saxophone), Teddy Reynolds (piano), Clarence Holloman (guitar on some tracks, notably "I Don't Want No Woman," where Bobby Bland shouts, "Look out, Clarence!"
 in the middle of the guitar solo), Wayne Bennett (guitar on other tracks), Hamp Simmons (bass), and John "Jabo" Starks (drums).
 Scott also served as an arranger.
Fünf Gesänge (Five songs), Op.
 104, is a song cycle of five part songs for mixed choir a cappella by Johannes Brahms.
 Composed in 1888 when Brahms was a 55-year-old bachelor, the five songs reflect an intensely nostalgic and even tragic mood.
 Brahms has chosen texts which centre on lost youth, summer turning into fall and, ultimately, man's mortality.
 While the score and the parts themselves are not that difficult for the singers, the sombre nature of the texts coupled with intense soaring melodies and complex harmonies make it quite a demanding work for any choir.
