Klemzig Interchange (previously known as Klemzig Station) is an interchange on the O-Bahn Busway in Adelaide, South Australia, located in the suburb of Klemzig.
 It is the first stop on the route, being located 3 km from the Adelaide CBD on the eastern side of OG Road.
 The next stop is Paradise Interchange.
Ferryden Park (postcode 5010) is a north-western suburb of Adelaide 9 km from the central business district, in the state of South Australia, Australia.
 Situated in the City of Port Adelaide Enfield local government area, it is adjacent to Kilkenny, Angle Park, Woodville Gardens, Croydon Park, and Regency Park.
 It is bounded to the north by Murray Street, west by Liberty Grove and Hassell Street, south by Regency Road and to the east by Days Road.
The North-South Motorway (previously known as the South Road Superway) is an elevated motorway in the northern suburbs of the South Australian capital city of Adelaide.
 It has been constructed over a 4 km section of South Road as part of a long term plan to upgrade this road into a non-stop north-south route.
 At a cost of A$812 million, the motorway is the biggest single investment in a road project in South Australia’s history.
 The North-South Motorway is stage two of the North–South Corridor upgrade and delivers a 4.8 kilometre section of freeway grade road, including a 2.8 kilometre elevated roadway, from the Port River Expressway to Regency Road.
 Along the way, it passes over the Dry Creek-Port Adelaide railway line, Cormack Road, Grand Junction Road and Days Road, with exits at Grand Junction Road and Days Road.
Adelaide is an electorate for the South Australian House of Assembly.
 The 23.4 km² state seat of Adelaide currently consists of the Adelaide city centre including North Adelaide and suburbs to the inner north and inner north east: Walkerville, Gilberton, Medindie, Medindie Gardens, Thorngate, Fitzroy, Ovingham, most of Prospect up to Regency Road, and parts of Collinswood and Nailsworth.
 The boundaries have been the same for the past three elections.
 The federal division of Adelaide covers the state seat of Adelaide and additional suburbs in each direction.
Paradise Interchange is an interchange of the O-Bahn Busway in Adelaide, South Australia, located in the suburb of Paradise, South Australia.
 With services operated by Adelaide Metro, this interchange is situated mid-way along the O-Bahn Busway, between Tea Tree Plaza Interchange and Klemzig Interchange, six kilometres (3.7 mi) from the city centre.
 Paradise Interchange has 625 carparks, and is located on the south side of Darley Road, with access roads permitting buses to transfer between local roads and the busway.
Regency Park is an inner-northern suburb of Adelaide, 8 km from the City Centre, in the state of South Australia, Australia.
 It is located in the City of Port Adelaide Enfield, and is adjacent to Wingfield, Angle Park, Ferryden Park, Kilburn, Prospect, Dudley Park and Croydon Park.
 It is bounded to the north by Grand Junction Road, east by the Gawler train line, south by Regency Road and to the west by Days and South Roads.
 The postcode for Regency Park is 5010.
Croydon Park is a north-western suburb of Adelaide 7 km from the CBD, in the state of South Australia, Australia and is within the City of Port Adelaide Enfield.
 It is adjacent to Dudley Park, Devon Park, Renown Park, Regency Park, Ferryden Park Kilkenny, and West Croydon.
 The post code for Croydon Park is 5008.
 It is bounded to the south by Lamont Street and Torrens Road, to the north by Regency Road and in the east and west by Harrison Road and Goodall Avenue respectively.
 Croydon Park is predominantly a residential suburb, with a warehousing presence on the northern edges near Regency Road.
Dudley Park, is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, located approximately 3 kilometres north-west of the CBD.
 The suburb is bordered by Regency Road (north), Simpson Avenue (south), the Adelaide-Gawler railway line (east), and a line directly north-south from the Harrison Road-Simpson Avenue intersection to Regency Road (west).
Brighton Town Hall, Hove, is located on Brighton Road, Hove, in the city of Adelaide in South Australia.
 The Brighton Town Hall was built in 1869 and was just the fourth Town Hall built in the colony of South Australia.
 The architect and builder was George William Highet who arrived in the colony in 1836.
 G. W. Highet served as a town clerk and Councillor and died in Brighton aged 80 years.
 The hall was constructed of stone from Ayliffe’s quarry in the Adelaide Hills laid on concrete foundations.
 The pioneers built it not just as a place for the business of Government but as a place "to serve the wants of the citizens" for many different activities.
 On 10 May 1869 a foundation stone was laid by the Hon John Hodgkiss a member of the Legislative Council of South Australia in a ceremony attended by many of South Australia's most important pioneers.
 Under this stone was placed a time capsule containing copies of the newspapers of the day.
Regency Road, formerly Islington Road, Irish Harp Road and Rakes Road is a main east-west road connecting the inner northern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia.
 Located approximately 6 km north of the city centre, it spans from Arndale Shopping Centre, Kilkenny in the west, to Broadview in the east, continuing eastwards as Muller Road, to end at North East Road in Klemzig.
 Regency Road has major intersections at Torrens Road, South Road, Churchill Road, Prospect Road, Main North Road and Hampstead Road.
