Mermaid Avenue is a 1998 album of previously unheard lyrics written by American folk singer Woody Guthrie, put to music written and performed by British singer Billy Bragg and the American band Wilco.
 The project was the first of several such projects organized by Guthrie's daughter, Nora Guthrie, original director of the Woody Guthrie Foundation and archives.
 "Mermaid Avenue" was released on the Elektra Records label on June 23, 1998.
 A second volume of recordings, "Mermaid Avenue Vol.
 II", followed in 2000 and both were collected in a box set alongside volume three in 2012 as "".
 The projects are named after the song "Mermaid's Avenue", written by Guthrie.
 This was also the name of the street in Coney Island, New York on which Guthrie lived.
 According to "American Songwriter" Magazine, "The Mermaid Avenue project is essential for showing that Woody Guthrie could illuminate what was going on inside of him as well as he could detail the plight of his fellow man".
The Live Wire: Woody Guthrie in Performance 1949 is a recording of a concert by Woody Guthrie in Newark, New Jersey, one of a small number of surviving live recordings of the folk singer.
 The program consists of Guthrie answering questions from his wife Marjorie about his life, and singing songs.
 The recording was made on an inexpensive wire recorder by Paul Braverman, and a significant restoration process was required to clean up the audio on the two spools of wire.
 In 2008 the album won a Grammy Award for Best Historical Album.
The Library of Congress Recording Sessions refers to a March 1940 session of recordings Woody Guthrie made in Washington, D.C., for Alan Lomax.
 They were catalogued in the United States Library of Congress.
 They are notable as the first recordings made of Woody Guthrie.
 They contain several traditional songs and three of Guthrie's best known songs, "So Long It's Been Good To Know You", "Talking Dust Bowl Blues" and "Do-Re-Me".
 The session is also interesting for Guthrie's autobiographical memories of Oklahoma, riding the freight trains and observations on life and America's great depression in conversation with Lomax.
David Jost (born 12 August 1972) is an international music producer, singer-songwriter and DJ, born in Hamburg, Germany.
 His career as an international songwriter, music producer and remixer has a track record of 74 platinum & 108 gold records and 14 No. 1 hits.
 He has worked with platinum selling artist including Lady Gaga, Chris Brown, Tokio Hotel, Limp Bizkit, Selena Gomez, Nelly Furtado, Keri Hilson, Aura Dione, and Adam Lambert.
 For Tokio Hotel, David Jost has composed, produced and mixed six platinum selling #1 Hit Singles and three platinum selling #1 albums, he also has developed the band and is managing them.
 Tokio Hotel became the biggest international rock band to come out of Germany within two decades.
 Jost's work with Tokio Hotel lead to 87 media-awards, including 4 MTV European Music Awards, the MTV Video Music award Japan, 4 MTV Latin Music Awards including song of the year for "Monsoon" and also the US MTV Video Music Award (Moonman).
 Even though Jost managed several careers of big media artists, he only rarely answers interviews for the press and is known for principally never giving TV interviews.
 For his work as a songwriter, Jost was named Germany's best songwriter (Rock & Pop) by the GEMA (the German equivalent to the ASCAP/BMI).
 Jost is currently working in his Los Angeles studios.
Aliza Greenblatt (Yiddish: עליזה גרינבלאַט‎ , September 8, 1888 – September 21, 1975) was an American Yiddish poet.
 Many of her poems, which were widely published in the Yiddish press, were also set to music and recorded by composers including Abraham Ellstein and Solomon Golub and were recorded by Theodore Bikel and Sidor Belarsky, among others.
 Greenblatt published five volumes of Yiddish poetry and an autobiography in Yiddish, "Baym fentsṭer fun a lebn" (A Window on a Life Yiddish: ביים פענצטער פון א לעבן‎ ) and her works include such well-known Yiddish songs as "Fisherlid", "Amar Abaye", and "Du, Du".
 She had five children, Herbert (1908), David (1914), Gertrude (1915), Marjorie (1917), and Bernard (1921).
 Her daughter Marjorie, a dancer in the Martha Graham Dance Company, was for a time married to folk musician Woody Guthrie.
 Greenblatt was the grandmother of folk musician Arlo Guthrie, Woody Guthrie archivist Nora Guthrie, and computer programmer Richard Greenblatt.
 Greenblatt also helped found the Atlantic City, NJ chapters of the Zionist Organization of America, Hadassah and the Yidish Natsionaler Arbeter Farband, and was the president of the Women's Pioneers.
 She was also involved with fundraising for the Jewish National Fund and Histadrut.
The Woody Guthrie Folk Festival is held annually in mid-July to commemorate the life and music of Woody Guthrie.
 The festival is held on the weekend closest to July 14 - the date of Guthrie's birth - in Guthrie's hometown of Okemah, Oklahoma.
 Daytime main stage performances are held indoors at the Brick Street Cafe and the Crystal Theater.
 Evening main stage performances are held outdoors at the Pastures of Plenty.
 The festival is planned and implemented annually by the Woody Guthrie Coalition, a non-profit corporation, whose goal is simply to ensure Guthrie's musical legacy.
The Woody Guthrie Foundation, founded in 1972, is a non-profit organization which formerly served as administrator and caretaker of the Woody Guthrie Archives.
 Dedicated to the preservation and dissemination of information about Guthrie's vast cultural legacy, the Woody Guthrie Archives houses the largest collection of Woody Guthrie material in the world.
 The archives opened to the public in New York City in 1996.
 The archives were subsequently moved to the new Woody Guthrie Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 2013, after being acquired by the Tulsa-based George Kaiser Foundation.
 The Center officially opened on April 27, 2013.
Thinking of Woody Guthrie was released in 1969 by Vanguard Records and is the debut solo album of Country Joe McDonald, best known for his work with Country Joe & the Fish.
 It was a different approach by McDonald to release a folk music and country album in the style of Woody Guthrie.
 Prior to this solo release, he was known to make albums in a psychedelic style with his band.
 The album was a tribute to the work of Woody Guthrie, a country and folk musician who died two years earlier.
 All of the tracks on the album were either composed or performed by Guthrie.
 McDonald was heavily influenced by Guthrie since he was a child.
 McDonald could recall his interest of Guthrie came first when his parents played Guthrie's first album, "Dust Bowl Ballads".
 Even though McDonald has issued several albums in his career, he looks to this album as the piece he is most proud of.
Marjorie Mazia Guthrie (October 6, 1917 – March 13, 1983) was a dancer of the Martha Graham Company, a dance teacher, and, for a time, the wife of folk musician Woody Guthrie.
 She is the mother of folk musician Arlo Guthrie and Woody Guthrie archivist Nora Guthrie.
Nora Lee Guthrie (born January 2, 1950) is the daughter of American folk musician and singer/songwriter Woody Guthrie and his second wife Marjorie Mazia Guthrie, sister of singer/songwriter Arlo Guthrie, and granddaughter of renowned Yiddish poet Aliza Greenblatt.
 Nora Guthrie is President of The Woody Guthrie Foundation, Founder of the Woody Guthrie Archive, and lives in Mt. Kisco, New York.
 Nora is also President of Woody Guthrie Publications.
