Snow Queen is a 2002 made-for-television film made by Hallmark Entertainment, directed by David Wu, and based on the story "The Snow Queen" by Hans Christian Andersen.
 The film stars Bridget Fonda as the title character and Chelsea Hobbs as her rival and the story's heroine, Gerda.
 The film originally aired on Hallmark Channel as a two-part miniseries, but has since been released as a full-length film on DVD in the United States.
 The DVD came out on November 9, 2009, in the United Kingdom, and on September 2, 2011, in Australia.
 This was Bridget Fonda's last acting role to date.
La Femme Musketeer is a made for television movie produced by Hallmark Entertainment and Larry Levinson Productions, filmed on Draguć in Croatia.
 It originally premiered on June 20, 2004 on Hallmark Channel.
The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns is a 1999 Hallmark Entertainment made-for-TV fantasy movie.
 It stars Randy Quaid, Colm Meaney, Kieran Culkin, Roger Daltrey, Caroline Carver and Whoopi Goldberg.
 The film contains two main stories that eventually intertwine: the first being the story of an American businessman who visits Ireland and encounters magical leprechauns and the second, a story of a pair of star-crossed lovers who happen to be a fairy and a leprechaun, belonging to opposing sides of a magical war.
 It contains many references to Romeo and Juliet such as two lovers taking poison and feuding clans.
Silver Bells is a 2005 made-for-television drama film starring Anne Heche and Tate Donovan.
 It was produced by Hallmark Entertainment as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie and was based on the novel of the same name by Luanne Rice.
The Boys Next Door is a 1996 television movie based on a play by Tom Griffin which was published in 1983 under the title "Damaged Hearts, Broken Flowers" and again in 1988 under the title "The Boys Next Door".
 The movie was produced by Hallmark Entertainment as a Hallmark Hall of Fame Movie.
Donald J. Hall Jr., is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Hallmark Cards, and a director of Crown Media Holdings, a member of the board of directors of Hallmark Entertainment Holdings and of the Business Men's Assurance Company of America.
 He is the son of Donald J. Hall Sr., the chairman of the board and controlling shareholder of Hallmark Cards.
Caroline Carver (born 1976) is an English actress, screenwriter, and producer best known for roles such as Princess Jessica in the TV film "The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns" (1999), Ingrid in "The Aryan Couple" (2004), and Sandy in "My First Wedding" (2006).
Snow White: The Fairest of Them All is a 2001 fantasy adventure television film co-written and directed by Caroline Thompson and produced by Hallmark Entertainment.
 The film was first released theatrically in Europe, and subsequently aired in the United States on ABC as part of their series on "The Wonderful World of Disney" on March 17, 2002.
Family Plan is a made-for-television movie filmed in Los Angeles by Mat IV Productions in association with Alpine Media and Larry Levinson Productions and presented by Hallmark Entertainment.
 It premiered on February 12, 2005 on Hallmark Channel, as part of their Valentine's Day celebration.
 This is the feature film debut of Chloë Grace Moretz
You Me and Captain Longbridge (2008) is a 15 minutes short film directed by Kenny Doughty and written & produced by Caroline Carver.
 The film stars Callum Williams as the 11-year-old Luke, Chris Larkin as Captain Longbridge and Joseph Fiennes as the voice of Luke as an adult.
 The short film played in 12 International Film Festivals and won 3 awards.
