The Voyage That Shook The World is a 2009 dramatised documentary film commissioned by Creation Ministries International, a Christian Young Earth creationist organisation, and produced by Fathom Media.
 It was released to mark the 200th anniversary of Charles Darwin's birth and the 150th anniversary of the publication of his seminal work "On the Origin of Species".
Rare Earth: Why Complex Life Is Uncommon in the Universe is a 2000 popular science book about xenobiology by Peter Ward, a geologist and paleontologist, and Donald E. Brownlee, an astronomer and astrobiologist, both faculty members at the University of Washington.
 The book is the origin of the term 'Rare Earth Hypothesis' which, like the book, asserts the concept that complex life is rare in the universe.
 The book was eventually succeeded by a follow-up book called "The Life and Death of Planet Earth", also by Ward and Brownlee, which talks about the Earth's long term future and eventual demise under a warming and expanding Sun, showing readers the concept that planets like Earth have finite lifespans, and complex life is not just rare in space, but also rare in time, and is more likely to die out within a short time on geological timescales, while microbes dominate most of the planet's history.
Cosmic ancestry is a hypothesis of the origin of life on Earth, based on the panspermia views of Fred Hoyle and Chandra Wickramasinghe.
 Cosmic Ancestry speculates that life, like the universe itself, has no date of origin, and has always existed and can only descend from ancestors at least as highly evolved as itself.
 Under this belief, life on Earth was delivered from space.
 This belief stands in stark contrast to the theory accepted by most cosmologists that the age of the universe is roughly 13.8 billion years, and that sufficient evidence is not available to presume whether life exists outside the Earth, let alone the age of that life.
Devil's Woodyard is one of the most visited locations of Trinidad's many mud volcanoes.
 Located in Hindustand in New Grant near Princes Town, the series of several vents appeared in 1852.
 As legend goes: "A relatively young volcanic site got its name after its first eruption in 1852.
 Which shook the entire village and fell the tall trees and frightened the Amerindian villagers.
 Villagers at the time believed that the devil had come from beneath the earth to fell the woods.
 The mounds of earth which occasionally bubble and hiss continue to amaze visitors of the site."
October: Ten Days That Shook the World (Russian: Октябрь (Десять дней, которые потрясли мир) ; translit.
 "Oktyabr': Desyat' dney kotorye potryasli mir") is a 1928 Soviet silent historical film by Sergei Eisenstein and Grigori Aleksandrov.
 It is a celebratory dramatization of the 1917 October Revolution commissioned for the tenth anniversary of the event.
 Originally released as October in the Soviet Union, the film was re-edited and released internationally as Ten Days That Shook The World, after John Reed's popular book on the Revolution.
 In U.S. released by Amkino Corporation and First National (later was a subsidiary of Warner Bros.).
The Museum of the Earth is a natural history museum located in Ithaca, New York.
 The museum was opened in 2003 as part of the Paleontological Research Institution (PRI), an independent organization pursuing research and education in the history of the Earth and its life.
 Both PRI and the Museum of the Earth are formally affiliated with Cornell University.
 The Museum of the Earth is home to earth-science exhibits and science-related art displays with a focus on the concurrent evolution of the Earth and life.
The second voyage of James Cook 1772–1775, commissioned by the British government with advice from the Royal Society, was designed to circumnavigate the globe as far south as possible to finally determine whether there was any great southern landmass, or Terra Australis.
 On his first voyage, Cook had demonstrated by circumnavigating New Zealand that it was not attached to a larger landmass to the south, and he charted almost the entire eastern coastline of Australia, yet Terra Australis was believed to lie further south.
 Alexander Dalrymple and others of the Royal Society still believed that this massive southern continent should exist.
 After a delay brought about by the botanist Joseph Banks' unreasonable demands, the ships "Resolution" and "Adventure" were fitted for the voyage and set sail for the Antarctic in July 1772.
Young Earth creationism (YEC) is a form of creationism, a religious belief which holds that the universe, Earth, and all life on Earth were created by direct acts of God less than 10,000 years ago.
 Its primary adherents are Christians who subscribe to a literal interpretation of the creation narrative in the Bible's Book of Genesis and believe that God created the Earth in six 24-hour days.
 In contrast to YEC, old Earth creationism is the belief in a metaphorical interpretation of the Book of Genesis and the scientifically-determined estimated ages of the Earth and Universe.
Most atoms on Earth came from the interstellar dust and gas from which the Sun and Solar System formed.
 However, in the space science community, "extraterrestrial materials" generally refers to objects now on Earth that were solidified prior to arriving on Earth.
 In October 2011, scientists reported that one form of extraterrestrial material, cosmic dust, contains complex organic matter ("amorphous organic solids with a mixed aromatic-aliphatic structure") that could be created naturally, and rapidly, by stars.
 In February 2014, NASA announced a greatly upgraded database for tracking polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the universe.
 According to scientists, more than 20% of the carbon in the universe may be associated with PAHs, possible starting materials for the formation of life.
 PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the only object in the Universe known to harbor life.
 According to radiometric dating and other sources of evidence, Earth formed over 4 billion years ago.
 Earth's gravity interacts with other objects in space, especially the Sun and the Moon, Earth's only natural satellite.
 Earth revolves around the Sun in 365.26 days, a period known as an Earth year.
 During this time, Earth rotates about its axis about 366.26 times.
