Strange Angels is Kristin Hersh's second studio album, produced by Kristin Hersh and co-produced by Joe Henry (except for "Like You" which was co-produced by Steve Rizzo).
 The album peaked at #64 on the Official UK Albums Chart.
 It also peaked at #40 on the US's Billboard Heatseekers Album Chart.
 The album carried the dedication: "for Billy, Dylan, Ryder, Wyatt and TM (1984-97)".
Sky Motel is Kristin Hersh's fourth studio album.
 Vocals and most of the music are performed by Kristin Hersh.
 Drums on tracks 1, 5 & 7 are played by Carlo Nuccio who also provides a drum loop for track 8.
 Drum loops for tracks 3 & 11 are provided by David Narcizo.
In Shock is the first single from Kristin Hersh's seventh solo album "Learn to Sing Like a Star".
 It was released in several versions by 4AD and Yep Roc Records.
 As well as the title track the single contains two new, previously unleashed Kristin Hersh tracks, "Windowpane" and "Blackstone" and the traditional song "Poor Wayfaring Stranger".
Limbo is a 1996 album by the American alternative rock band Throwing Muses, released on Rykodisc.
 The album was recorded at the same New Orleans studio the band recorded "University".
 Following a tour for the album, Throwing Muses were dissolved, with Kristin Hersh continuing her solo career and David Narcizo and Bernard Georges working on several personal and music projects including Hersh's.
 The album, engineered by Trina Shoemaker, also features cellist Martin McCarrick and Robert Rust on piano.
Throwing Muses is an alternative rock band formed in 1981 in Newport, Rhode Island, that toured and recorded extensively until 1997, when its members began concentrating more on other projects.
 The group was originally fronted by two lead singers, Kristin Hersh, and Tanya Donelly, who both wrote the group's songs.
 Throwing Muses are known for performing music with shifting tempos, creative chord progressions, unorthodox song structures, and surreal lyrics.
 The group was set apart from other contemporary acts by Hersh's stark, candid writing style; Donelly's pop stylings and vocal harmonies; and David Narcizo's unusual drumming techniques eschewing use of cymbals.
 Hersh's hallucinatory, febrile songs occasionally touched on the subject of mental illness, more often drawing portraits of characters from daily life or addressing relationships.
The Grotto is the sixth solo album released by Kristin Hersh.
 It was released on 17 March 2003 on 4AD records, simultaneously with the Throwing Muses (2003) record.
 It features Howe Gelb on piano and Andrew Bird on violin.
 Kristin Hersh produced the album as well as playing all other instruments.
 The album peaked at #39 on the US's Billboard Top Independent Albums Chart.
Kristin Hersh (born August 7, 1966) is an American singer, songwriter and author, known for her solo work and with her rock bands Throwing Muses and 50FootWave.
 She has released ten solo albums.
 Her guitar work and composition style ranges from jaggedly dissonant to traditional folk.
 Hersh's lyrics have a stream-of-consciousness style, reflecting her personal experiences.
Red Heaven is a 1992 album by the American alternative rock band Throwing Muses, released on Sire/Warner Bros.
 Records.
 Recorded at The Power Station and Fort Apache Studios following the departure of Tanya Donelly and Fred Abong, "Red Heaven" was recorded by Kristin Hersh and drummer David Narcizo with help from former bassist Leslie Langston.
 Former Hüsker Dü vocalist/guitarist Bob Mould took time off from his new band Sugar to record vocals for "Dio".
 Initial copies of the album came with the otherwise unavailable Kristin Hersh solo acoustic album "Live at Maxwell's Hoboken".
Murder, Misery and Then Goodnight is Kristin Hersh's third solo album and quite a departure from her other solo recordings, in that it contains solely Appalachian folk songs about murder and death arranged by Kristin Hersh, rather than songs written by Kristin herself.
 Hersh's son, Ryder James O'Connell, plays piano and sings backing vocals.
Hips and Makers is the debut solo album by Kristin Hersh, best known as the primary singer and songwriter of the band Throwing Muses.
 The album was released by 4AD in the UK on January 24, 1994, and by Sire Records in the US on February 1, 1994.
 In contrast to Hersh's rock-oriented work with Throwing Muses, the album is primarily acoustic, with Hersh usually playing unaccompanied.
 Other credited musicians include Jane Scarpantoni on cello and Michael Stipe of R.E.M., who sings backing vocals on the opening track, "Your Ghost."
 In addition to Hersh's own material, the album features a cover of the traditional song "The Cuckoo".
