Street Survivors is the fifth studio album by Southern rock band, Lynyrd Skynyrd, released on October 17, 1977.
 The LP is the last Skynyrd album recorded by original members Ronnie Van Zant and Allen Collins, and is the sole Skynyrd studio recording by guitarist Steve Gaines.
 Three days after the album's release, the band's chartered airplane crashed en route to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, killing the pilot, co-pilot, the group's assistant road-manager and three band members (Van Zant, Gaines, and Gaines' older sister, backup singer Cassie Gaines), and severely injuring most who survived the crash.
 The album performed well on the charts, peaking at #5 (their first top 5 album), as did the singles "What's Your Name" and "That Smell", the former a top 20 hit on the singles chart.
Street Survivors Tour was the sixth major concert tour by American Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
 The tour took place in North America, Europe and for the first time Asia.
 It was also the final tour of the original band, as numerous band members were killed in a plane crash following the final show.
"That Smell" is a song by the southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
 Written by Ronnie Van Zant and guitarist Allen Collins, it was released in 1977 on the album "Street Survivors".
 At the time the song was written, the band had been drinking and doing many different drugs.
 Van Zant had said that he started drinking heavily to relieve the pressure of performing in front of large audiences.
Henry Paul (born August 25, 1949 in Kingston, New York) is an American southern rock and country singer/songwriter who was an original recording member of Southern rock band the Outlaws, then left to form the Henry Paul Band, who is now back with Outlaws and also was the lead singer for the country band BlackHawk.
Blackfoot is an American Southern rock band from Jacksonville, Florida formed during 1970.
 Though they primarily play with a Southern rock style, they are also known as a hard rock act.
 The band's classic lineup consisted of guitarist and vocalist Rickey Medlocke, guitarist Charlie Hargrett, bassist Greg T. Walker, and drummer Jakson Spires.
The Marshall Tucker Band is an American Southern rock/country rock band originally from Spartanburg, South Carolina.
 The band's blend of rock, rhythm and blues, jazz, country, and gospel helped establish the Southern rock genre in the early 1970s.
 While the band had reached the height of its commercial success by the end of the decade, the band has recorded and performed continuously under various lineups for 45 years.
Ghost Riders is the sixth album by American southern rock band Outlaws, released in 1980.
 The album was produced by Gary Lyons.
 It is regarded by many fans as the last "Outlaws" album that followed their old fashioned southern rock style, and also a comeback after some mediocre albums saleswise.
 Their cover of "(Ghost) Riders In the Sky" was one of their most successful songs, and has earned the band some attention from outside the southern rock circles.
Gator Country was an American Southern rock band formed in Davie, Florida, in 2005 by several ex-members of the Southern rock group Molly Hatchet.
 The band, founded by vocalist Jimmy Farrar, guitarist Duane Roland, drummer Bruce Crump, guitarist Steve Holland, and bassist Riff West took its name from the title of the hit song, "Gator Country".
Playin' to Win is the fourth album by American southern rock band Outlaws, released in 1978.
 (See 1978 in music).
 The album is their first without guitarist and singer/songwriter Henry Paul, who had acted as the second frontman behind Hughie Thomasson.
 The album was not as well received as the band's previous three albums, even though it still featured most of the original lineup, which would remain until the departure of guitarist Billy Jones.
 The album was more straight southern rock than the country rock sound of their previous three, especially the last two.
"You Got That Right" is a song written by Ronnie Van Zant and Steve Gaines, who also trade off vocals on the song.
 It was recorded by the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd for their last studio album before the plane crash, "Street Survivors", and released as a single in 1978 (see 1978 in music).
 The single peaked at #69 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 during the week of April 29, 1978.
