In linguistics, negative inversion is one of many types of subject-auxiliary inversion in English.
 A negation (e.g. "not", "no", "never", "nothing", etc.) or a word that implies negation ("only", "hardly", "scarcely") or a phrase containing one of these words precedes the finite auxiliary verb necessitating that the subject and finite verb undergo inversion.
 Negative inversion is a phenomenon of English syntax.
 The V2 word order of other Germanic languages does not allow one to acknowledge negative inversion as a specific phenomenon, since their V2 principle, which is mostly absent from English, allows inversion to occur much more often than in English.
 While negative inversion is a common occurrence in English, a solid understanding of just what elicits the inversion has not yet been established.
 It is, namely, not entirely clear why certain fronted expressions containing a negation elicit negative inversion, but others do not.
Adrian "Wildman" Cenni is a professional off-road truck racer, professional stunt man, and President/Founder of Atrium Staffing.
 Cenni is the first person to successfully land a true 360 degree barrel roll in a vehicle.
The aileron roll is an aerobatic maneuver in which an aircraft does a full 360° revolution about its longitudinal axis.
 When executed properly, there is no appreciable change in altitude and the aircraft exits the maneuver on the same heading as it entered.
 This is commonly one of the first maneuvers taught in basic aerobatics courses.
 The aileron roll is commonly confused with a barrel roll.
Phallic processions, or Penis Parade, called "phallika" in ancient Greece, were a common feature of Dionysiac celebrations; they were processions that advanced to a cult center, and were characterized by obscenities and verbal abuse.
 The display of a fetishized phallus was a common feature.
 In a famous passage in chapter 3.3 of the "Poetics", Aristotle formulated the hypothesis that the earliest forms of comedy originated and evolved from "those who lead off the phallic processions", which were still common in many towns at his time.
A muzzle brake or recoil compensator is a device connected to the muzzle of a firearm or cannon that redirects propellant gases to counter recoil and unwanted rising of the barrel during rapid fire.
 The concept was first introduced for artillery and was a common feature on many anti-tank guns, especially those mounted on tanks, in order to reduce the area needed to take up the strokes of recoil and kickback.
 They have been used in various forms for rifles and pistols to help control recoil and the rising of the barrel that normally occurs after firing.
 They are used on pistols for practical pistol competitions, and are usually called compensators in this context.
Operation "Barrel Roll" was a covert U.S. Air Force 2nd Air Division (later the Seventh Air Force) and U.S. Navy Task Force 77, interdiction and close air support campaign conducted in the Kingdom of Laos between 14 December 1964 and 29 March 1973 concurrent with the Vietnam War.
An El Rollo (Spanish for "The Roll") is a bodyboarding trick performed when the bodyboarder hits the lip of the wave and uses its power to throw himself out with the lip in a perfect arc to complete a roll before landing on the wave surface or into the white water.
 When the bodyboarder detaches completely from the wave surface or the lip the trick is called an "air roll" or "aerial roll".
 Other variations include the "barrel roll" where the roll is completed inside the barrel, and the "rollo takeoff" which is performed while catching the wave.
 This trick was named by someone in the industry.
 I remember the story where Pat Caldwell did the roll and Jack Lindholm or whoever saw him do it and commented "what do you call that an el rollo".
 Photos of the new move and captions started appearing in Bodyboarding Magazine.
 The move and the term caught on and spread around the world.
Iron Rattler is a steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Fiesta Texas in San Antonio, Texas.
 The ride opened in 2013, replacing The Rattler, a wooden roller coaster, by putting a new steel track on top of The Rattler's wooden support structure.
 The distance between the lowest and highest points of the first drop was increased from 124 to and the drop was made steeper by changing the angle to 81 degrees.
 The resulting modifications increased the speed of the trains from 65 to .
 It is the first hybrid wood and steel roller coaster to feature an inversion, in which riders are turned upside-down and then back upright.
 The inversion is a zero-g-roll, which is when the train goes through a combination of a loop and a roll.
A barrel roll is an aerial maneuver in which an airplane makes a complete rotation on both its longitudinal and lateral axes, causing it to follow a helical path, approximately maintaining its original direction.
 It is sometimes described as a "combination of a loop and a roll."
 The g-force is kept positive (but not constant) on the object throughout the maneuver, commonly between 2–3 g, and no less than 0.5 g.
 The barrel roll is commonly confused with an aileron roll.
A barrel roll is a vehicle maneuver mostly done in aircraft.
