Sir Alexander MacRobert was a self-made millionaire from Aberdeen.
 He came from a working-class background and left school when he was twelve to start his working life sweeping floors in Stoneywood Paper Mill; his education was continued by attending evening classes and he gained several qualifications as his early career progressed.
 At the beginning of 1884 MacRobert travelled to India to take up employment in a woollen mill in Cawnpore, or Kanpur as it is now known.
 By 1920 he had built up a portfolio of companies enabling him to found the British India Corporation.
 He was raised to a baronet at the beginning of 1922, choosing to be named Sir Alexander MacRobert of Cawnpore and Cromar of the County of Aberdeen.
Charles Curtis Craig (18 February 1869 – 28 January 1960), was an Irish UnionIst and later Ulster Unionist politician.
 He was Member of Parliament (MP) for constituencies in County Antrim from 1903 to 1929, taking his seat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.
 The son of a self-made millionaire whisky distiller, among his brothers was Northern Ireland's first Prime Minister, The Viscount Craigavon.
Love Lies Bleeding is a two-part British thriller crime drama, first broadcast on ITV between 27 and 28 February 2006.
 The programme follows the story of self-made millionaire Mark Terry (Martin Kemp), whose life is turned upside down by the unexpected return of an old school friend, Stuart Milburn (Hugo Speer), who is determined to seek revenge for Terry's failure to acknowledge his part in the manslaughter of their schoolteacher, who collapsed and died after a schoolboy prank went horribly wrong.
 As Milburn sets up a chain of events to ensure Terry's downfall, he finds he is slowly running out of friends - or people to turn to, and his only hope is to go on the run.
 The programme was broadcast over two nights, with each part earning 5.81 and 4.56 million viewers respectively.
 "Love Lies Bleeding" was released on DVD in Australia on 3 September 2009 by Roadshow Entertainment.
Villa Lewaro, formerly known as the Anne E. Poth Home, is a 34-room 20000 sqft mansion located at Fargo Lane and North Broadway (US 9) in Irvington, New York.
 It was the home of Madam C. J. Walker from 1918 to 1919.
 Walker was the first American female and first African-American female self-made millionaire, and "the world's most successful female entrepreneur of her time."
 The mansion is an Italianate villa house designed for Walker by Vertner Tandy, the first African-American architect registered in New York, and has been considered to be one of his greatest works.
 It was constructed during 1916–1918 at an estimated cost of $250,000, and was furnished lavishly.
 The name Villa Lewaro was coined by a distinguished visitor, Enrico Caruso, from the first two letters of each word in Lelia Walker Robinson, the name of Walker's daughter, who later went by the name of A'Lelia Walker.
The book, which takes place in late 19th century New York City, tells the story of Basil March, who finds himself in the middle of a dispute between his employer, a self-made millionaire named Dryfoos, and his old German teacher, an advocate for workers' rights named Lindau.
 The main character of the novel, Basil March, provides the main perspective throughout the novel.
 He resides in Boston with his wife and children until he is persuaded by his idealistic friend Fulkerson to move to New York to help him start a new magazine, where the writers benefit in a primitive form of profit sharing.
 After some deliberation, the Marches move to New York and begin a rather extensive search for a perfect apartment.
 After many exhausting weeks of searching, Basil finally settles on an apartment full of what he and his wife refer to as "gimcrackery"—trinkets and decorations that do not appeal to their upper-middle-class tastes.
The MacRobert Baronetcy, of Douneside in the County of Aberdeen, was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created on 5 April 1922 for Alexander MacRobert, a self-made millionaire.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son Alasdair in June of that year.
 Tragedy struck the family again when Alasdair was killed in a flying accident in 1938, and the title passed to his younger brother Roderic.
 In May 1941 Roderic was killed in action whilst flying a Hawker Hurricane fighter in the Middle East, and just over a month later on 30 June 1941, the title became extinct when the youngest brother Iain, was also killed in action whilst serving with the Royal Air Force.
 Their mother, Rachel, Lady MacRobert (1884–1954), gave £25,000 to purchase a Short Stirling bomber, the aircraft was named "MacRobert's Reply" in memory of her three sons.
 Lady MacRobert believed that her sons had lived up to the family motto "Virtutis Gloria Merces" – translated as "Honour is the Reward of Bravery".
 The MacRobert Award, which has been presented every year since 1969 by the Royal Academy of Engineering, is named in honour of Lady MacRobert.
Sarah Breedlove (December 23, 1867 – May 25, 1919), known as Madam C. J. Walker, was an African American entrepreneur, philanthropist, and a political and social activist.
 Eulogized as the first female self-made millionaire in America, she became one of the wealthiest African American women in the country, "the world's most successful female entrepreneur of her time," and one of the most successful African-American business owners ever.
Rex Cauble (August 15, 1913—June 23, 2003) was born in Vaughan, Texas to cotton farmers, Lou Butts and Fred C. "Buddy" Cauble.
 He was a self-made millionaire known for his flamboyance as a Texas-size businessman who struck it rich as a wildcatter.
 In the 1970s, he founded two high-end retail western wear stores comprising Cutter Bill Western World named after Cauble's world champion cutting horse, Cutter Bill; one store was located in Houston, the other in Dallas.
Hurricane Flossie was a powerful Pacific tropical cyclone that brought squally weather and light damage to Hawaii in August 2007.
 The sixth named storm, second hurricane, first and only major hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Flossie originated from a tropical wave that emerged off Africa on July 21.
 After traversing the tropical Atlantic, the wave crossed Central America and entered the eastern Pacific on August 1.
 There, a favorable environment allowed it to become a tropical depression and a tropical storm shortly thereafter on August 8.
James Tyson (8 April 1819 – 4 December 1898) was an Australian pastoralist.
 He is regarded as Australia's first self-made millionaire.
 His name became a byword for reticence, wealth and astute dealing.
