Shenandoah is an American country music band founded in 1984 by Marty Raybon, Ralph Ezell, Stan Thorn, Jim Seales and Mike McGuire.
 Its discography comprises nine studio albums, a greatest hits package, a Christmas music album, and several compilations.
 Two of Shenandoah's studio albums — "The Road Not Taken" (1989) and "Extra Mile" (1990) — have been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 The band's 1994 "Super Hits" compilation, part of a series issued by Sony BMG Special Markets, has been certified gold as well.
Bad Religion is an American punk rock band from Los Angeles, California.
 Formed in 1980, the group originally included vocalist Greg Graffin, guitarist Brett Gurewitz, bassist Jay Bentley and drummer Jay Ziskrout.
 Ziskrout left the band halfway through the recording of their debut full-length album "How Could Hell Be Any Worse?
" and was replaced for the rest of the sessions by Pete Finestone.
 1983's "Into the Unknown" featured bassist Paul Dedona and Davy Goldman, both of whom left after the album was released.
 Bad Religion briefly broke up in 1984, as Gurewitz left the band to focus on his record label Epitaph Records and recording studio Westbeach Recorders, before returning with guitarist Greg Hetson, bassist Tim Gallegos and drummer Finestone for the 1985 EP "Back to the Known".
Cold as the Clay is the second solo album by Bad Religion's vocalist Greg Graffin released on July 10, 2006 in Europe, and the following day in the USA.
 It was released on the label ANTI- (a sublabel of Epitaph Records).
 It follows on from Graffin's 1997 release of "American Lesion".
The Raybon Brothers was a country duo from Sanford, Florida consisting of brothers Marty Raybon and Tim Raybon.
 Prior to the duo's inception in 1997, Marty Raybon was the lead singer of the country music band Shenandoah, having left in 1997, before rejoining in 2014.
The discography of Bad Religion, an American punk rock band, consists of 16 studio albums, two live albums, four compilation albums, one box set, two extended plays (EPs), 29 singles, five video albums and 23 music videos. Formed in Los Angeles, California in 1980, the band originally featured vocalist Greg Graffin, guitarist Brett Gurewitz, bassist Jay Bentley and drummer Jay Ziskrout, who released their self-titled debut EP in February 1981 on Gurewitz's label Epitaph Records.
 Pete Finestone replaced Ziskrout before the release of the band's full-length debut album "How Could Hell Be Any Worse?
" in 1982.
 The following year's "Into the Unknown" featured bassist Paul Dedona and drummer Davy Goldman, before Bentley and Finestone returned to the band and Greg Hetson joined as second guitarist.
Shenandoah is an American country music group founded in Muscle Shoals, Alabama in 1984 by Marty Raybon (lead vocals, acoustic guitar), Ralph Ezell (bass guitar, backing vocals), Stan Thorn (keyboards, backing vocals), Jim Seales (lead guitar, backing vocals), and Mike McGuire (drums, background vocals).
 Thorn and Ezell left the band in the mid-1990s, with Rocky Thacker taking over on bass guitar; Keyboardist Stan Munsey joined the line up in 1995.
 The band split up in 1997 after Raybon left.
 Seales, Munsey, Thacker and McGuire reformed the band in 2000 with lead singer Brent Lamb, who was in turn replaced by Curtis Wright and then by Jimmy Yeary.
 Ezell rejoined in the early 2000s, and after his 2007 death, he was replaced by Mike Folsom.
 Raybon returned to the band in 2014.
 That same year, Jamie Michael replaced the retiring Jim Seales on lead guitar.
American Lesion is a solo album by Greg Graffin, the lead singer of the punk band Bad Religion.
 Like the album "Into the Unknown", this album is a massive departure for Graffin, whose songs generally revolve around loud guitars and harmonies.
 "American Lesion" for the most part features Graffin's voice alone, and each song features acoustic guitar or piano rather than electric guitars.
 The song "Cease" (track 6 on this album) is a slow piano ballad that is also featured on Bad Religion's album "The Gray Race" as a fast-paced punk rock song.
 The album was re-released by Epitaph Records on September 15, 2008.
Bad Religion is an American punk rock band that formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1980.
 They make extensive use of three-part vocal harmonies (which they refer to in their album liner notes as the "oozin' aahs") and guitar solos, and are known for their lyrics, which cover topics such as criticism of religion, political commentary and society in general.
 The band's lineup has changed several times over its lifespan, with lead vocalist Greg Graffin being the only consistent member; the current lineup, however, features three of the band's four original members (Graffin, Brett Gurewitz and Jay Bentley).
 To date, Bad Religion has released sixteen studio albums, two live albums, three compilation albums, three EPs (one of which is composed of covers of Christmas songs) and two DVDs (which were both recorded live).
 They are considered to be one of the best-selling punk rock acts of all time, having sold over five million albums worldwide.
Marty Raybon (born December 8, 1959) is an American country music artist.
 He is known primarily for his role as the lead singer of the band Shenandoah, a role which he held from 1985 to 1997, until he rejoined the band in 2014.
 He recorded his first solo album, "Marty Raybon", in 1995 on Sparrow Records.
 Before leaving Shenandoah in 1997, he and his brother Tim formed a duo known as the Raybon Brothers, which had crossover success that year with the hit single "Butterfly Kisses".
Millport is the third solo album by Bad Religion lead singer Greg Graffin, released on March 10, 2017.
