Phase 1, also known as The Phase, was a lesbian bar and nightclub at 525 8th Street, Southeast in Washington, D.C. Located one block south of Pennsylvania Avenue, SE near Eastern Market in the Capitol Hill neighborhood, Phase 1 was the oldest continually operating lesbian bar in the United States and the oldest operating LGBT bar in Washington, D.C. until its closure in February, 2016.
Orange Field Tea Factory is engaged in the manufacture of Black tea catering to the Middle - Eastern market and the C-I-S Countries (Commonwealth of Independent States).
 The factory is situated in Panwilatenne, a very small hamlet in Kandy District, Sri Lanka and located within close proximity to Loolecondera Estate where tea was planted for the first time in the Island by James Taylor (Ceylon).
 Established in the year 1950 the factory produces Black Tea from leaves grown by about 750 small plantation holders in the westen medium elevational category, at an altitude of between 650 meters to 1000 meters above sea level.
 Orange Field Tea Factory is registered with The Sri Lanka Tea Board and also is a member of the Ethical Tea Partnership.
 The average annual production for the past few years has been 500,000 kg.
 The produce is sold weekly at the Colombo tea auctions conducted by the Colombo Brokers' Association, monitored by the Colombo Tea Traders Association.
Eastern Market is an island platformed Washington Metro station in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington, D.C., United States.
 The station was opened on July 1, 1977, and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA).
 The station currently provides service for the Blue, Orange, and Silver Lines.
 The station is located in Southeast Washington at Pennsylvania Avenue and 7th Street.
 It is named after the nearby Eastern Market, a historic Washington, D.C. public marketplace.
Eastern Market is a historic commercial district in Detroit, Michigan.
 It is located approximately one mile (1.6 km) northeast of the city's downtown and is bordered on the south by Gratiot Avenue, the north by Mack Avenue, the east by St. Aubin Street, and the west by Interstate 75 (I-75, Chrysler Freeway).
 The district was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978; the district's boundary was increased in 2007.
 The Eastern Market is located on the city's central east side near St. Joseph Roman Catholic Church and the Lafayette Park neighborhood.
 The market was transferred from city management in 2006, and now operates through a public-private partnership with the Eastern Market Corporation.
 Eastern Market is the largest historic public market district in the United
Snowden Ashford (1866–1927) was an American architect who worked in Washington, D.C..
 He was born January 1, 1866, in Washington, D.C. Ashford was educated at Rittenhouse academy and at the Christian Brothers Roman Catholic school.
 He studied architecture at Lafayette college and, upon graduation, entered the office of A.B. Mullet, who had formerly been supervising architect of the United States Treasury.
 Ashford entered the District service in 1895 and became Washington's first municipal architect.
 The "Washington Post" characterized him as "Architect of the Everyday", and noted: "Ashford designed or supervised everything the District built between 1895 and 1921, including the North Hall at the Eastern Market.
 But he was most proud of his schools."
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Detroit Branch Office is one of two branch offices of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.
 It is part of the 7th district and its code is 7-G.
 It is currently located at 1600 East Warren Avenue, near I-75 in Detroit's Eastern Market Historic District.
 The office occupies 17 acre and cost $80 million to build.
 The Detroit branch was founded in 1927 and is currently headed by Robert Wiley.
Lew Johnson was an African-American owner and business manager of blackface minstrel troupes composed of African-American performers.
 His career began in the mid-1860s and spanned 25 years.
 Johnson is the only black minstrel-troupe owner to have enjoyed any consistent success (others, such as Charles Hicks, were constantly fluctuating between success to failure).
 This was due to his keeping well away from the lucrative markets dominated by white owners.
 He primarily toured in the Midwestern and Western United States, playing countless one-nighters in rural settlements.
 The people in these areas could be racist (perhaps more than in the East), which made the itinerant lifestyle a hard one for Johnson and his minstrels.
 Johnson made a brief venture into the Eastern market in 1886, but his troupe fared poorly and fled back west.
Lafayette Park is a historic urban renewal district east of Downtown Detroit and contains the largest collection of residential buildings designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe.
 The northern section planned and partially built by Mies is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 In 2015 it was designated a National Historic Landmark District.
 Lafayette Park is located on the city's lower east side directly south of the Eastern Market Historic District.
 In general, the neighborhood, including portions developed by other architects, has been regarded as an incubator of progressive architecture and one of the few historically stable urban renewal zones in the United States.
Southeast (SE or S.E.) is the southeastern quadrant of Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States, and is located south of East Capitol Street and east of South Capitol Street.
 It includes the Capitol Hill and Anacostia neighborhoods, the Navy Yard, the Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling (JBAB), the U.S. Marine Barracks, the Anacostia River waterfront, Eastern Market, the remains of several Civil War-era forts, historic St. Elizabeths Hospital, RFK Stadium, Nationals Park, and the Congressional Cemetery.
 It is also contains a landmark known as "The Big Chair," located on Martin Luther King Avenue.
 The quadrant is bisected by the Anacostia River, with the portion that is west of the river sometimes referred to as "Near Southeast".
St. Joseph Oratory, founded in 1855, is a historic German Catholic church located at 1828 Jay Street in the Eastern Market–Lafayette Park neighborhood area just outside downtown Detroit, on the city's central east side.
 The building is on the National Register of Historic Places and deemed "of national importance" because of its stained glass.
 Formerly a parish church of the Archdiocese of Detroit, it is presently an oratory dedicated to the celebration of the extraordinary form of the Roman Rite (the Tridentine Mass) under the care of the canons of the Institute of Christ the King Sovereign Priest.
