Souleymane "Sol" Bamba (born 13 January 1985) is a professional footballer who plays for Championship side Cardiff City and the Ivory Coast national team as a centre-back.
Frédéric Vinami Henri Gounongbe (born 1 May 1988) is a Beninese international footballer who plays for Football League Championship side Cardiff City, as a centre forward.
 A latecomer to professional football, he rose to prominence during a spell with Belgian Third Division side Woluwe-Zaventem, scoring 19 times in the 2011–12 season.
 His form attracted the attention of Belgian Pro League side Zulte Waregem and he joined the club on a two-year deal.
 However, he never appeared for the first team and after spending the 2012—13 season on loan at the club, he joined RWDM Brussels on a permanent deal.
Nathaniel Otis Mendez-Laing (born 15 April 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Championship side Cardiff City.
 Born in Birmingham, England he began his career with Wolverhampton Wanderers, making his professional debut in 2009, but failed to ever cement a place in the first team.
 He transferred to Peterborough United in 2012 after loan spells with Sheffield United and Peterborough themselves.
 Mendez-Laing has also represented England at under 16 and under 17 level, along with having a brief spell on loan at Portsmouth.
Kadeem Raymond Mathurin-Harris (born 8 June 1993), known as Kadeem Harris, is an English footballer who plays for Championship side Cardiff City, as a midfielder.
The 2009 Houphouët-Boigny stampede occurred on 29 March 2009 in the Stade Félix Houphouët-Boigny in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire before a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification match between Malawi and Côte d'Ivoire.
 Nineteen people were killed and 135 were injured.
 In an attempt to control a stampede police fired tear gas into the crowds, who had begun jostling with each other at least 40 minutes before kick off.
 The match was particularly popular among locals, with world stars such as Didier Drogba, Sol Bamba and Salomon Kalou due to play for Côte d'Ivoire.
Daniel Carl "Danny" Ward (born 9 December 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Football League Championship side Cardiff City, as a forward and winger.
Joseph William "Joe" Ralls (born 13 October 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays for Football League Championship side Cardiff City as a midfielder.
 After playing at youth level for local sides Aldershot Town and Farnborough, Ralls joined the youth academy at Cardiff City after being spotted by scouts from the club.
 He made his professional debut for the "Bluebirds" in August 2011 before joining Yeovil Town on a season-long loan deal for the 2013–14 season to gain experience.
 On his return to Cardiff, Ralls established himself in the first-team and has made over 100 appearances for the club in all competitions.
Andrew Gerald "Andy" Dibble (born 8 May 1965 in Cwmbran) is a Welsh former professional footballer and goalkeeping coach at Football Championship side Cardiff City.
Callum Paterson (born 13 October 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a right back for Championship side Cardiff City.
Rhys Healey (born 6 December 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Football League Championship side Cardiff City.
