While earlier Jewish immigrants from Germany tended to be politically conservative, the wave of Eastern European Jews, starting in the early 1880s, were generally more liberal or left-wing, and became the political majority.
 Many of the latter came to America with experience in the socialist, anarchist, and communist movements as well as the Labor Bund, emanating from Eastern Europe.
 Many Jews rose to leadership positions in the early 20th century American labor movement, and helped to found unions that played a major role in left-wing politics and, after 1936, in Democratic Party politics.
 For most of the 20th century since 1936, the vast majority of Jews in the United States have been aligned with the Democratic Party.
 Towards the end of the 20th century, and at the beginning of the 21st century, Republicans have launched initiatives to woo American Jews away from the Democratic Party.
Moses Elias Levy (1782 in Mogador, Morocco – September 7, 1854 in White Sulphur Springs, Virginia) was a Jewish-American businessman and a social and religious reformer.
 He was unusual for the fact that he was a slaveholder as well as an advocate for the gradual emancipation of slaves.
 Levy wrote "A Plan for the Abolition of Slavery" in London in 1828, achieving celebrity at the height of the antislavery campaign.
 In the United States, Levy eventually purchased 50,000 acres in north-central Florida where he established Pilgrimage Plantation, a refuge for persecuted European Jews, and was also one of the founders of the town of Micanopy.
 Levy is frequently noted as the father of U.S. Senator David Levy Yulee.
 Pilgrimage Plantation, the first communitarian refuge for displaced European Jews in America was destroyed by Seminole forces in 1835 during the onset of the Second Seminole War.
Jewish ghettos in Europe were parts of a number of cities in Europe in which Jews were permitted to live.
 In addition to being confined to ghettos, Jews were placed under strict regulations and disabilities in many European cities.
 The character of ghettos varied over times.
 In some cases, they comprised a Jewish quarter, the area of a city traditionally inhabited by Jews.
 In many instances, ghettos were places of terrible poverty and during periods of population growth, ghettos had narrow streets and small, crowded houses.
 Residents had their own justice system.
 Around the ghetto stood walls that, during pogroms, were closed from inside to protect the community, but from the outside during Christmas, Pesach, and Easter Week to prevent the Jews from leaving at those times.
The Years of Extermination: Nazi Germany and the Jews, 1939–1945 is the second volume of Saul Friedländer's history of Nazi Germany and the Jews.
 It describes the German extermination policies that resulted in the murder of six million European Jews.
 The book presents a detailed history of the Holocaust and is based on a vast array of documents and memoirs.
 It won the 2007 Leipzig Book Fair Prize for Non-fiction and won the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 2008.
The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising (Yiddish: אױפֿשטאַנד אין װאַרשעװער געטאָ‎ ; Polish: "powstanie w getcie warszawskim" ; German: "Aufstand im Warschauer Ghetto" ) was the 1943 act of Jewish resistance that arose within the Warsaw Ghetto in German-occupied Poland during World War II, and which opposed Nazi Germany's final effort to transport the remaining Ghetto population to Treblinka.
 The uprising started on 19 April when the Ghetto refused to surrender to the police commander SS-Brigadeführer Jürgen Stroop, who then ordered the burning of the Ghetto, block by block, ending on 16 May.
 A total of 13,000 Jews died, about half of them burnt alive or suffocated.
 German casualties are not known, but were not more than 300.
 It was the largest single revolt by Jews during World War II.
The Holocaust in France refers to the persecution, deportation, and annihilation of Jews and Roma between 1940 and 1944 in occupied France, metropolitan Vichy, and in Vichy-North Africa, during World War II.
 The persecution began in 1940, and culminated in deportations of Jews from France to death camps in Germany and Nazi-occupied Poland from 1942 which lasted until July 1944.
 Of the 340,000 Jews living in metropolitan/continental France in 1940, more than 75,000 were deported to death camps, where about 72,500 were killed.
 French Vichy government and the French police participated in the roundup of Jews.
 Although most deported Jews died, the survival rate of the Jewish population in France was up to 75% which is one of the highest survival rates in Europe.
In 1941–1942 during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, there were at least 2,173 Jews in Norway.
 At least 775 of them were arrested, detained and/or deported.
 More than half of the Norwegians who died in camps in Germany were Jews.
 742 Jews were murdered in the camps and 23 Jews died as a result of extrajudicial execution, murder and suicide during the war, bringing the total of Jewish Norwegian dead to at least 765 Jews, comprising 230 complete households.
 "Nearly two-thirds of the Jews in Norway fled from Norway".
 Of these, around 900 Jews were smuggled out of the country by the Norwegian resistance movement, mostly to Sweden but some also to the United Kingdom).
 Between 28 and 34 of those deported survived their continued imprisonment in camps (following their deportation)—and around 25 (of these) returned to Norway after the war.
Eva Hayman (born 1924 in Czechoslovakia) was a Holocaust survivor.
 When she was only 15, she was sent on a train to Britain with her sister Vera as part of the kindertransport movement, which saved many Jewish children and was organized by Nicholas Winton.
 Hayman said that her childhood ended the day she boarded the train and she saw children that were torn out of their parents arms.
 Many older siblings had to become a parent to their younger sisters or brothers.
 Eva and Vera spent most of the war in Liverpool, Hastings, Monmouth, and Poole.
 It eventually became impossible to write letters to their parents, so Hayman began writing a diary that was later published as a book called "By the Moon and the Stars".
Jewish emancipation was the external (and internal) process in various nations in Europe of eliminating Jewish disabilities, e.g. Jewish quotas, to which Jewish people were then subject, and the recognition of Jews as entitled to equality and citizenship rights on a communal, not merely individual, basis.
 It included efforts within the community to integrate into their societies as citizens.
 It occurred gradually between the late 18th century and the early 20th century.
 Jewish emancipation followed the Age of Enlightenment and the concurrent Jewish enlightenment.
 Various nations repealed or superseded previous discriminatory laws applied specifically against Jews where they resided.
 Before the emancipation, most Jews were isolated in residential areas from the rest of the society; emancipation was a major goal of European Jews of that time, who worked within their communities to achieve integration in the majority societies and broader education.
 Many became active politically and culturally within wider European civil society as Jews gained full citizenship.
 They emigrated to countries offering better social and economic opportunities, such as the Russian Empire and France.
 Some European Jews turned to Socialism, others to Jewish nationalism: Zionism.
Maurycy Gottlieb made significant contributions towards creating the genre of Jewish Art.
 Gottlieb’s 1878 painting "Jews Praying in the Synagogue on Yom Kippur" exemplifies many artistic values that are significant to Eastern European Jews at the time and contains many deeper meanings about Gottlieb’s short life.
 The religious holiday of Yom Kippur (the holiest day of the Jewish year) is shown throughout this piece by the figures and symbolism.
 The color palette, location, human beings, and objects used all suggest a holiday of repentance and of importance.
 In this research paper, I will formally analyze the painting Jews Praying in the Synagogue on Yom Kippur, examine the context of the painting and how Gottlieb’s Jewish upbringing influences this work of art.
