Lily Mithen (born 2 March 1998) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the AFL Women's competition.
 She was drafted by Melbourne with their tenth selection and seventy-third overall in the 2016 AFL Women's draft.
 She made her debut in the fifteen point loss to Brisbane at Casey Fields in the opening round of the 2017 season.
 After the nineteen point win against Collingwood at Ikon Park in round two—in which she recorded fourteen disposals, three marks and two tackles—she was the round nominee for the AFLW Rising Star.
 She played every match in her debut season to finish with seven games.
Abdul Wali Khan Sports Complex also known as Charsadda Sports Complex is located in Charsadda, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, in Pakistan.
 It is the 2nd largest sports complex in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa after Qayyum Sports Complex Peshawar.
 The sport complex has started functioning in 2016 and has been completed at the cost of Rs.490 million.
Sarah Jolly (born 1 February 1992) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the AFL Women's competition.
 She was drafted by Melbourne with their nineteenth selection and 145th overall in the 2016 AFL Women's draft.
 She made her debut in the nineteen point win against Collingwood at Ikon Park in round two of the 2017 season.
 She played the next week in the fourteen point win against the Western Bulldogs at VU Whitten Oval before being omitted for the round four match against Carlton at Casey Fields.
 She returned for the five point loss to Greater Western Sydney at Blacktown International Sportspark Oval in round five, which was her last match for the year and she finished the season with three games.
 She was not retained on Melbourne's list at the end of the season and was subsequently delisted in May 2017.
Harriet Cordner (born 22 July 1992) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the AFL Women's competition.
 She was recruited by Melbourne as a category B rookie in October 2016.
 She made her debut in the fifteen point loss to Brisbane at Casey Fields in the opening round of the 2017 season.
 She played every match in her debut season to finish with seven games.
 She was delisted in May 2017 but was quickly re-signed by Melbourne as a free agent.
Katherine Smith (born 28 August 1997) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the AFL Women's competition.
 She was drafted by Melbourne with their seventh selection and fifty-sixth overall in the 2016 AFL Women's draft.
 She made her debut in the fifteen point loss to Brisbane at Casey Fields in the opening round of the 2017 season.
 After the two point win against Adelaide at TIO Stadium in round six—in which she recorded ten disposals and a mark—she was the round nominee for the AFLW Rising Star.
 She played every match in her debut season to finish with seven games.
Hugh McCluggage (born 3 March 1998) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 He was drafted by Brisbane with their first selection and third overall in the 2016 national draft.
 He made his debut in the thirty-one point loss against St Kilda at Etihad Stadium in round three of the 2017 season.
 After the sixty point loss to Greater Western Sydney at the Gabba in round 14, in which he recorded nineteen disposals, eight marks and two tackles, he received the round nomination for the 2017 AFL Rising Star.
The October 27, 1997, mini-crash is the name of a global stock market crash that was caused by an economic crisis in Asia or "Tom Yum Goong crisis"; Thai: วิกฤตต้มยำกุ้ง.
 The point loss that the Dow Jones Industrial Average suffered on this day still ranks as the eighth biggest point loss and 15th biggest percentage loss since its creation in 1896.
 This crash is considered a "mini-crash" because the percentage loss was relatively small compared to some other notable crashes.
 But after the crash, the markets still remained positive for 1997, though the "mini-crash" may be considered as the beginning of the end of the 1990s economic boom in the United States and Canada, as both consumer confidence and economic growth were mildly severed during the winter of 1997–98 (with neither being strongly affected, compared to the rest of the world), and when both returned to pre-October levels, they began to grow at an even slower pace than before the crash.
John C. Brodie (died 1901) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside forward.
 Born in Kilmarnock, he was playing for his hometown club when he was signed by Football League side Burnley in November 1890.
 Brodie made his debut for the club in the 0–7 defeat away at Preston North End on 2 February 1891, in place of the regular right-inside forward Alexander McLardie.
 He was also selected for the following match, a 0–4 loss to Notts County, but did not appear again for Burnley and returned to Kilmarnock in March 1891.
Gelora Bung Karno Sports Complex, named Senayan Sports Complex from 1984 to 2001, is a sports complex located in Senayan, Central Jakarta, Indonesia.
 The sports complex host main stadium with capacity of 88,000 spectators, athletic tracks, football fields, aquatics stadium, tennis courts (indoor and outdoor), hockey, baseball and archery fields, and several indoor gymnasiums.
 It is named after Sukarno, Indonesia's first President.
 It is the largest and one of the oldest sport complex in Jakarta, and also one of the largest in Indonesia and Southeast Asia.
 The Gelora Bung Karno Stadium is the main building within this sports complex.
 The word "Gelora" itself is abbreviations of "Gelanggang Olahraga" which means "Sport Arena", and it also means "vigorous" (like the flame or ocean wave) in Indonesian.
Will Brodie (born 23 August 1998) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 He was drafted by Gold Coast with their third selection and ninth overall in the 2016 national draft.
 He made his debut in the thirty-five point loss against Melbourne at TIO Traeger Park in round ten of the 2017 season.
