Union is an American rock group formed in 1997 featuring lead vocalist and guitarist John Corabi (ex-The Scream and Mötley Crüe), guitarist Bruce Kulick (ex-Kiss), bassist James Hunting (David Lee Roth and Eddie Money), and drummer Brent Fitz (Slash).
"Hooligan's Holiday" is a song by American heavy metal band, Mötley Crüe, released on their 1994 eponymous album.
 The lyrics to the song were written by vocalist/rhythm guitarist John Corabi and bassist Nikki Sixx, while the music was written by Corabi, Sixx, drummer Tommy Lee and guitarist Mick Mars.
Brides of Destruction was a short-lived American hard rock supergroup from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2002.
 The band's last lineup consisted of singer London LeGrand (vocals), Tracii Guns (lead guitar) and Scot Coogan (drums, percussion).
 Previous members of the band were Nikki Sixx (bass), Kris Kohls (drums), Adam Hamilton (keyboard), John Corabi (rhythm guitar), Scott Sorry (bass) and Ginger (rhythm guitar).
The Songs of David Byrne and Brian Eno Tour is a 2008–2009 promotional concert tour of music co-written by David Byrne and Brian Eno with performances by Byrne.
 In addition to being a retrospective of the duo's collaborations, the tour promoted the album "Everything That Happens Will Happen Today".
 The musical performers were accompanied by dancers who were choreographed to several songs.
 Performances were held across the world and later documented on a tour EP and a concert film.
Eric Singer Project is an American rock band.
 ESP was founded in the 1990s by Eric Singer, drummer for such acts as Lita Ford, Black Sabbath, Badlands, Alice Cooper, and Kiss, along with Bruce Kulick (Kiss, Grand Funk Railroad) on guitar, John Corabi (The Scream, Mötley Crüe, Ratt) on guitar and bass, and Karl Cochran on guitar and bass.
 Vocals duties were shared by Eric, John, and Karl.
"Misunderstood" is a power ballad by the American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released on their 1994 eponymous album.
 The lyrics were written by vocalist/guitarist John Corabi and bassist Nikki Sixx, while the music was written by Corabi, Sixx, drummer Tommy Lee and guitarist Mick Mars.
 The song charted at number 24 on the Mainstream rock charts.
Mötley Crüe is the eponymous sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe.
 It was released on March 15, 1994, and is the only album that does not feature lead singer Vince Neil, who had departed from the band in 1992.
 Neil was replaced by former The Scream vocalist John Corabi on the album.
The Scream was a Los Angeles-based hard rock band formed in 1989 as Saints Or Sinners.
 The band originally featured former Angora singer John Corabi and former Racer X members guitarist Bruce Bouillet, bassist Juan Alderete, and drummer Scott Travis.
 However, Scott Travis quickly left to join Judas Priest, and was replaced by former Shark Island drummer Walt Woodward III.
 Scott Travis co-wrote "I Don't Care" on "Let It Scream", though he didn't actually play on the album.
Ride, Rise, Roar is a documentary film chronicling the Songs of David Byrne and Brian Eno Tour conducted by David Byrne in 2008–2009.
 The film includes concert footage, footage of the planning and rehearsals for the tour, and exclusive interviews with Byrne, Eno, and the supporting musicians and dancers.
Here Come the Brides is the debut album by Brides of Destruction released via Sanctuary Records on March 9, 2004.
 It is their most successful album being the only one to have a charting on the "Billboard" 200, it is also the only album that features bassist Nikki Sixx who would leave the band to rejoin Mötley Crüe for their reunion tour in 2005 and also the only album to feature John Corabi.
