A Royal Decree-Law is a legal rule having the force of a law in the Spanish legal system.
 The name of "Royal" is given because it has state rank and it is the King who is responsible for sanctioning and ordering the publication and compliance of the rule.
 However, when the rule is created by an autonomous government, it receives the name of "Decree-Law" because the King only sanctions the Decrees of the central government (the autonomous community Decree-Law is sanctioned by the President of the Autonomous Community in the name of the King).
José Antonio Rodríguez Romero (born 4 July 1992 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Club Tijuana on loan from Guadalajara and the Mexico U-23 football team.
 He is an Olympic gold medalist.
Regionalist Party of the Leonese Country (Spanish: "Partido Regionalista del País Leonés" ) is a regional political party in Castilla y León, Spain.
 PREPAL strives to establish a separate autonomous community (País Leonés or "Autonomous Community of País Leonés") for the provinces of Salamanca, Zamora and León, (parts of the old Kingdom of León), now in the Autonomous Community of Castile and León.
Hugo Rodríguez Romero (born 30 December 1989), simply known as Hugo, is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Cartagena as a winger.
Navarre ( ; Spanish: "Navarra" , Basque: "Nafarroa" ), officially the Chartered Community of Navarre (Spanish: "Comunidad Foral de Navarra" ] ; Basque: "Nafarroako Foru Komunitatea" ] ), is an autonomous community and province in northern Spain, bordering the Basque Autonomous Community, La Rioja, and Aragon in Spain and Nouvelle-Aquitaine in France.
 The capital city is Pamplona (or "Iruñea" in Basque).
Andalusia ( ; Spanish: "Andalucía" ] ) is an autonomous community in southern Spain.
 It is the most populated and the second largest in area of the autonomous communities in the country.
 The Andalusian autonomous community is officially recognised as "historical nationality".
 The territory is divided into eight provinces: Almería, Cádiz, Córdoba, Granada, Huelva, Jaén, Málaga and Seville.
 Its capital is the city of Seville (Spanish: "Sevilla").
Víctor Rodríguez Romero (born 23 July 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a right winger for American club Seattle Sounders FC.
The Leonese People's Union (Spanish: "Unión del Pueblo Leonés" , UPL) is a regional political party in Castilla y León, Spain.
 UPL strives to establish a separate autonomous community (Comunidad Autónoma de León or "Autonomous Community of León") for the provinces of León, Zamora and Salamanca (parts of the old Kingdom of León), now in the Autonomous Community of Castilla y León.
A Royal Legislative Decree is a legal rule having the force of a law in the Spanish legal system.
 The name of "Royal" is given because it has state rank and it is the King who is responsible for sanctioning and ordering the publication and compliance of the rule and the name of "Legislative" is given because it is a delegation from parliament.
 However, when the rule is created by an autonomous government, it receives the name of "Legislative Decree" because the King only sanctions the Decrees of the central government (the autonomous community Legislative Decree is sanctioned by the President of the Autonomous Community in the name of the King).
Albacete Balompié, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Albacete, in the autonomous community of Castile–La Mancha.
 Founded on 2 August 1940, it currently plays in Segunda División, holding home matches at "Estadio Carlos Belmonte", with a capacity of 17,300.
 It is currently owned by Spanish footballer Georges David Kabchi.
