In accounting, a business or an organization and its owners are treated as two separately identifiable parties.
 This is called the entity concept.
 The business stands apart from other organizations as a separate economic unit.
 It is necessary to record the business's transactions separately, to distinguish them from the owners' personal transactions.
 This helps to give a correct determination of the true financial condition of the business.
 This concept can be extended to accounting separately for the various divisions of a business in order to ascertain the financial results for each division.
Bryan Schroder is an American attorney who is the Acting United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the District of Alaska.
 He is President Donald Trump's nominee to become the U.S. Attorney for the District of Alaska.
 Schroder has worked at the U.S. Attorney's Office in the District of Alaska since 2005.
 Before becoming the Acting U.S. Attorney, he was the first assistant U.S. attorney, chief of the criminal division, anti-terrorism prosecutor, and district ethics adviser.
 He has prosecuted cases involving violent crimes, drug distribution, gun crimes, fraud, tax evasion, environmental crimes, and fisheries and wildlife offenses.
Commissioner v. Flowers, 326 U.S. 465 (1946), was a Federal income tax case before the Supreme Court of the United States.
 The Court held that in order to deduct the expense of traveling under §162, the expense must be incurred while away from home, and must be a reasonable expense necessary or appropriate to the development and pursuit of a trade or business.
 In this case, the attorney in question could only deduct traveling expenses from her gross income when the railroad's business forced attorney to travel and live temporarily at some place other than the railroad's principal place of business.
 Where attorney preferred for personal reasons to live in a different state from the location of his employer's principal office, and his duties required frequent trips to that office, the evidence sustained Tax Court's finding that the necessary relation between expenses of such trips and the railroad's business was lacking.
Eric S. Pistorius (born 1956), is a Circuit court Judge of the Seventh Circuit of Illinois, residing from Jerseyville, Illinois.
 He used to be an attorney at law for his law firm and specialized in the areas of: personal injury, litigation, criminal defense, and collections.
The Attorney General of North Carolina is the elected head of the state's Department of Justice.
 The North Carolina constitution, in Article III Section 7, provides for the election of the Attorney General.
 http://www.ncga.state.nc.us/Legislation/constitution/article3.html By statute, Attorney General's duties include providing legal representation and advice to all state agencies.
 The parameters of that duty have been the subject of some debate, when, for example, United States Attorney General Eric Holder suggested that state Attorneys General should not squander their state's resources in defense of laws they know to be unconstitutional.
 By statute, in defense of the public interest, the Attorney General may initiate legal action or intervene in proceedings before any courts, regulatory officers, agencies or bodies — either state or federal — on behalf of the state's agencies and citizens.
 http://www.ncga.state.nc.us/EnactedLegislation/Statutes/PDF/ByChapter/Chapter_114.pdf The Attorney General also renders legal opinions, either formally or informally, upon all questions of law submitted by the General Assembly, the Governor or any other state officer.
 Attorney General opinions may be viewed online.
 http://www.ncdoj.gov/About-DOJ/Legal-Services/Legal-Opinions.aspx
Eliot Laurence Spitzer (born June 10, 1959) is a former American Democratic politician and attorney who served as the 54th governor of New York, from January 1, 2007, until his resignation in disgrace fourteen months later on March 17, 2008.
 Prior to being elected governor of New York, he was elected to two four-year terms as the Attorney General of New York, from 1999 to 2006.
 Prior to becoming attorney general, Spitzer worked for six years as a prosecutor with the office of the Manhattan district attorney and also worked as an attorney in private practice with several New York law firms.
Lloyd Kenyon, 1st Baron Kenyon {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (5 October 1732 – 4 April 1802) was a British politician and barrister, who served as Attorney General, Master of the Rolls and Lord Chief Justice.
 Born to a country gentleman, he was initially educated in Hanmer before moving to Ruthin School aged 12.
 Rather than going to university he instead worked as a clerk to an attorney, joining the Middle Temple in 1750 and being called to the Bar in 1756.
 Initially almost unemployed due to the lack of education and contacts which a university education would have provided, his business increased thanks to his friendships with John Dunning, who, overwhelmed with cases, allowed Kenyon to work many, and Lord Thurlow who secured for him the Chief Justiceship of Chester in 1780.
 He was returned as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hindon the same year, serving repeatedly as Attorney General under William Pitt the Younger.
 He effectively sacrificed his political career in 1784 to challenge the ballot of Charles James Fox, and was rewarded with a baronetcy; from then on he did not speak in the House of Commons, despite remaining an MP.
Peter Deegan is an American attorney who has been confirmed to serve as the next United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Iowa.
 He previously served as an assistant U.S. attorney and the chief of the criminal division in the Northern District of Iowa.
 Deegan was an assistant U.S. attorney in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan from 2004 to 2006.
 He has prosecuted a number of federal offenses, including complex white collar and business crime.
 Earlier in his career, Deegan was an associate attorney at Murphy Smith and Polk in Chicago, where he was active in labor and employment litigation.
 After being nominated to become a U.S. Attorney by President Donald Trump, Deegan was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on September 14, 2017.
Loretta Elizabeth Lynch (born May 21, 1959) is an American attorney who served as the 83rd Attorney General of the United States, appointed by President Barack Obama in 2015 to succeed Eric Holder.
 Previously, she held the position for United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York under both the Clinton (1999–2001) and Obama administrations (2010–15).
 As U.S. Attorney, Lynch oversaw federal prosecutions in Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island and Long Island.
The Kings County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for Kings County, coterminous with the Borough of Brooklyn, in New York City.
 The office is responsible for the prosecution of violations of the Laws of New York.
 (Violations of federal law are prosecuted by the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York).
 The current district attorney is Acting District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
