Times Square Lady is a 1935 American crime drama film, starring Robert Taylor and Virginia Bruce.
Whipsaw is a 1935 American crime drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Myrna Loy and Spencer Tracy.
 Written by Howard Emmett Rogers, based on a story by James Edward Grant, the film is about a government agent working undercover traveling across the country with an unsuspecting woman, hoping she will lead him to her gang of jewel thieves.
 The film was produced by Harry Rapf for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and was released on December 18, 1935, in the United States.
The Murder Man is a 1935 American crime-drama film starring Spencer Tracy, Virginia Bruce, and Lionel Atwill, and directed by Tim Whelan.
 The picture was Tracy's first film in what would be a twenty-year career with MGM.
 Tracy plays an investigative reporter who specializes in murder cases.
 The film is notable as the feature film debut of James Stewart (who had previously appeared in a Shemp Howard comedy short called "Art Trouble").
 Stewart has sixth billing as a reporter named Shorty.
Joshua Daniel Hartnett (born July 21, 1978) is an American actor and movie producer.
 He first came to attention in 1997 for his role as Michael Fitzgerald in the television crime drama series "Cracker".
 He made his feature film debut in 1998 in the slasher film "", followed by teen roles in films such as the sci-fi horror film "The Faculty" (1998) and the drama "The Virgin Suicides" (1999).
 Hartnett had starring roles in the war film "Pearl Harbor", the drama "O", the war film "Black Hawk Down", the romantic comedy "40 Days and 40 Nights", the crime thriller Lucky Number Slevin (2006), and other films.
Red Hot Tires is a 1935 American crime drama film produced and distributed by Warner Bros., directed by D. Ross Lederman, and starring Lyle Talbot and Mary Astor.
On the Waterfront is a 1954 American crime drama film directed by Elia Kazan and written by Budd Schulberg.
 It stars Marlon Brando and features Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb, Rod Steiger, Pat Henning, and, in her film debut, Eva Marie Saint.
 The soundtrack score was composed by Leonard Bernstein.
 The film was suggested by "Crime on the Waterfront" by Malcolm Johnson, a series of articles published in November–December 1948 in the "New York Sun" which won the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting, but the screenplay by Budd Schulberg is directly based on his own original story.
 The film focuses on union violence and corruption amongst longshoremen while detailing widespread corruption, extortion, and racketeering on the waterfronts of Hoboken, New Jersey.
Paul Joseph Schrader (born July 22, 1946) is an American screenwriter, film director, and film critic.
 Schrader wrote or co-wrote screenplays for four Martin Scorsese films: "Taxi Driver" (1976), "Raging Bull" (1980), "The Last Temptation of Christ" (1988), and "Bringing Out the Dead" (1999).
 Schrader has also directed 18 feature films, including his directing debut crime drama, "Blue Collar" (co-written with his brother, Leonard Schrader), the crime drama "Hardcore" (a loosely autobiographical film also written by Schrader), his 1982 remake of the horror classic "Cat People", the crime drama "American Gigolo" (1980), the biographical drama "" (1985), the cult film "Light Sleeper" (1992), the drama "Affliction" (1997), the biographical film "Auto Focus" (2002), and the erotic dramatic thriller "The Canyons" (2013).
Víctor Bó (born April 8, 1943) is an Argentine actor and film producer.
 He is the son of classic actor and director Armando Bó, and father and uncle of Academy Award Winners for Best Original Screenplay Armando Bo and Nicolás Giacobone, respectively.
 He is currently retired from acting.
Woman Wanted is a 1935 American crime drama film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Maureen O'Sullivan and Joel McCrea.
 Written by Leonard Fields and David Silverstein, the film is about a woman wrongly convicted of murder who escapes with the help of a young lawyer who hides her from the police and the mobsters who set her up.
‘Capital I’ is a 2015 Odia language independent feature film written and directed by Amartya Bhattacharyya.
 This film, tagged as an existential psychodrama, is the first independent feature film of Odisha.
 The film is produced by Susant Misra and Swastik Choudhury.
 This film is shot on a shoe-string budget without any film industry involvement.
 This film marks the feature film debut of Amartya Bhattacharyya as a writer, director, cinematographer and editor.
 All actors in this film are non-professional actors, and all of them make their feature film debut in ‘Capital I’.
 Kisaloy Roy makes his debut as a music director, and so does Amrita Chowdhury as a Choreographer.
