The Order of Ammon is a secret society of seven Emory University seniors who are chosen due to their merit, character, imagination, and persistent commitment to better Emory University and the world at-large.
 Members are typically heavily involved with many organizations on Emory’s campus and have excelled in academics, athletics, leadership, and service.
 The Order of Ammon is one of several secret societies at Emory University, others of which include Paladin Society, D.V.S. Senior Honor Society, and Ducemus.
 The members of The Order of Ammon are "never" revealed, unlike the Paladin Society and D.V.S. Senior Honor Society, which reveal their members during graduation.
St. Michael's Catholic Academy is a private college preparatory high school for young men and women in Austin, Texas, with an enrollment of approximately 360 students in grades 9-12.
 St. Michael's requires the student to have at least 26 hours before graduating, including one year of a fine arts and one year of athletic credits.
 St. Michael's students gain admission to colleges such as the United States Military Academy, Princeton University, Stanford University, Vanderbilt University, The University of Texas, Reed College, University of Notre Dame, Emory University, Washington University in St. Louis, and Rice University, and is considered one of the most reputable academic institutions in the Austin area.
 The student to teacher to ratio is approximately 8 to 1, and the mean ACT Composite is 26.6.
 In 2015 and 2016, St. Michael's won the Class 4A Henderson Cup, awarded by the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools (TAPPS) for excellence in Academics, Fine Arts, and Athletics.
 In 2016, St. Michael's won four state championships: Academics, Women's Tennis, Women's Cross Country, and Men's Track & Field.
 In athletics, St. Michael's has achieved unparalleled success, with more than 30 state championships in 34 years of existence.
 Many former St. Michael's student-athletes have played, or are now playing, Division 1 sports at the college level including football, baseball, basketball, track and field, golf, volleyball, cross country, baseball, and soccer.
Abdullahi Ahmed An-Na'im ("Arabic: عبد الله أحمد النعيم") (born in 1946) is a Sudanese-born Islamic scholar who currently lives in the United States and teaches at Emory University.
 He is the Charles Howard Candler Professor of Law at Emory University School of Law, associated professor in the Emory College of Arts and Sciences, and Senior Fellow of the Center for the Study of Law and Religion of Emory University.
Wesley Woods was founded in 1954 by leaders of the North Georgia Conference of the United Methodist Church and Emory University to provide care for seniors unable to care for themselves.
 The Center began its affiliation with Emory’s Robert W. Woodruff Health Sciences Center in the 1980s formalizing its tie with the University.
 In the late 1990s, that affiliation grew stronger and led to an agreement under which nearby Wesley Woods Center came under Emory’s umbrella.
 Out of this grew the Wesley Woods Center of Emory University, with interdisciplinary training, research and treatment programs for geriatric care.
 In 2015 it was renamed Emory Wesley Woods Center.
Oxford College of Emory University, also called Oxford College and founded in 1836 as Emory College, is an American two-year residential college specializing in the foundations of liberal arts education.
 It is the birthplace and one of nine academic divisions of Emory University.
 The college is located on Emory University's original campus in Oxford, Georgia, 38 mi east of Emory's Atlanta campus.
 Students who enroll in Oxford College complete an associate of the arts degree there, after which they can continue their studies at Emory's Atlanta campus to pursue a bachelor degree without any additional applications.
Vanderbilt University School of Nursing (VUSN) is one of the graduate schools of Vanderbilt University, located in Nashville, Tennessee.
 VUSN enjoys a close relationship with its university parent and with the separate nonprofit Vanderbilt University Medical Center, known for its highly acclaimed teaching hospital and groundbreaking efforts in electronic medical records.
 The School of Nursing is ranked, along with the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, in the top 20 in the U.S. News & World Report rankings.
Emory University Hospital is a 587-bed facility in Atlanta, Georgia, specializing in the care of acutely ill adults.
 Emory University Hospital is staffed exclusively by Emory University School of Medicine faculty who also are members of The Emory Clinic.
 The hospital is renowned as one of the nation's leaders in cardiology and cardiac surgery, oncology, transplantation and the neurosciences.
Emory University is a private research university in metropolitan Atlanta, located in the Druid Hills section of DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
 The university was founded as Emory College in 1836 in Oxford, Georgia by the Methodist Episcopal Church and was named in honor of Methodist bishop John Emory.
 In 1915, the college relocated to metropolitan Atlanta and was rechartered as Emory University.
 The university is the second-oldest private institution of higher education in Georgia and among the fifty oldest private universities in the United States.
 Emory is frequently cited as one of the world's leading research universities and one of the top institutions in the United States.
This is a list of notable alumni of Emory University School of Law, the law school of the American Emory University, located in Atlanta, Georgia.
 (For a list of notable Emory University people, see the List of Emory University people.)
The Emory University School of Medicine is the Graduate Medical School of Emory University and a component of Emory’s Robert W. Woodruff Health Sciences Center.
 It is located on the university's main campus in the Druid Hills neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia.
 The medical school offers a full-time Doctor of Medicine degree program, Masters programs in Anesthesiology and Genetic Counseling, degrees in Physical Therapy and Physician Assistant training, joint degree programs with other Emory graduate divisions, graduate medical education, and continuing medical education.
 Emory University School of Medicine traces its origins back to 1915 when the Atlanta Medical College (founded 1854), the Southern Medical College (1878), and the Atlanta School of Medicine (founded 1905) merged.
