Horacio Gómez Bolaños (28 June 1930) was a Mexican actor and brother of the more famous Roberto Gómez Bolaños (Chespirito).
 On the TV show "El Chavo del 8", he played the character Godínez.
 Although Horacio appeared in many of his brother's productions, he preferred to handle the business aspects.
 He died on 21 November 1999 of a heart attack during the production of a tribute to Chespirito for Televisa.
El Chavo del Ocho, often shortened to El Chavo, is a Mexican television sitcom created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños.
 The show was based on a series of sketches performed on Gomez's eponymous sketch show, "Chespirito", which were first performed in 1972.
 "El Chavo" became its own series in 1973 and aired until 1980, becoming one of the most popular television programs in the world.
 Following its cancellation and the relaunch of "Chespirito", the "El Chavo" sketches returned in 1982 and continued to be performed on "Chespirito" until 1992 when Gomez, by this point in his sixties, discontinued them due to his advancing age.
El Chavo Kart (Chaves Kart in Brazil) is a kart racing game developed by the companies Effecto Studios and Slang and distributed by the Slang own along with Televisa Home Entertainment for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
 The game features all the main characters of "" (except the characters Jaimito and Gloria) as kart racers and its gameplay is loosely based on "Mario Kart" series.
30 Anos de Chaves ("30 Years of El Chavo") is a Brazilian TV special celebrating the 30 anniversary of the Mexican TV series "El Chavo del Ocho"'s debut in Brazil.
 This special was aired on SBT on August 19, 2011.
"La Casita de Quico" (English: "Quico's House" ), is an episode of the Mexican television series El Chavo del Ocho.
 It is the ninth episode of the sixth season of the series and the 153rd overall.
 This episode is a remake of episodes from 1973's lost episode "La Casita de Quico" and 1974's "La Casita del Chavo".
 The episode was originally broadcast in 1977.
 In this version, Quico builds a house and El Chavo refuses to play with him for believing that this is a game for girls.
 Meanwhile, Don Ramon tries to flee to not pay the rent.
El Chavo is a party video game based on the Mexican TV series "El Chavo Animado", and only released in Mexico and Brazil, for the Wii on April 27, 2012.
 It was developed by Kaxan Media Group and published by Slang Publishing, and Televisa Home Entertainment.
El Chavo Animado (also known as El Chavo: The Animated Series) is a Mexican animated series based on a live-action TV series "El Chavo del Ocho", created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños with a same series creator who created the live-action TV series "El Chavo del Ocho".
 El Chavo: The Animated Series is 1 of the 5 shows that was based on a live-action series.
 (The other 4 shows being , El Chapulin Colorado Animado, , and .)
"En el Cine" (English: "At the Movies") is the first episode of the eight season of the Mexican sitcom "El Chavo del Ocho", which aired originally on Televisa on January 29, 1979.
 The episode was written and directed by creator Roberto Gomez Bolaños.
 In the episode, everyone in the vecindad goes to the movies, but they end up causing a commotion there.
 It is the first episode without Carlos Villagrán in the cast, as he left the series after the seventh season (1978-1979).
El Chapulín Colorado (English: "The Red Grasshopper" or as Captain Hopper in the English version of "El Chavo: Animated Series") is a Mexican television comedy series that ran from 1972 to 1981 and parodied superhero shows.
 It was created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños (Chespirito), who also played the main character.
 It was first aired by Canal de las Estrellas in 1970 in Mexico, and then was aired across Latin America and Spain until 1981, alongside "El Chavo", which shared the same cast of actors.
 Both shows have endured in re-runs and have won back some of their popularity in several countries such as Colombia, where it has aired in competition with "The Simpsons" (which has a character based on him), or Peru.
 The name translates literally in English as "The Red Grasshopper" (the word "chapulín" is of Nahuatl origin and applies to a Mexican species of grasshopper, while "colorado" refers to having conspicuous red colouration.
 The word can also mean ruddy, reddish, red-coloured or crimson, blushing for instances would be said to cause the cheeks to be "colorados", and the skin would be "colorada" when you get a sunburn).
 The main character uses a conspicuous red uniform.
 It is also known in Brazil as "Chapolin", "Vermelhinho" ("Little Red One") and "Polegar Vermelho" ("Red Thumb") in allusion to the famous fairy tale character Tom Thumb.
El Chavo is a TV series aired between 1971 and 1980 originally titled of "El Chavo del Ocho".
