In navigation, dead reckoning is the process of calculating one's current position by using a previously determined position, or fix, and advancing that position based upon known or estimated speeds over elapsed time and course.
 The corresponding term in biology, used to describe the processes by which animals update their estimates of position or heading, is path integration.
Hamadou Moustapha (born 11 May 1945) is a Cameroonian politician, currently serving as Minister in Charge of Special Duties at the Presidency of the Republic of Cameroon.
 He served in the government from 1975 to 1983, again from 1992 to 1997, and he has held his current position at the Presidency since December 2004.
 Additionally, Moustapha is the National President of the National Alliance for Democracy and Progress (ANDP), a small party that supports President Paul Biya.
Avital Sharansky (born Natalia Stieglitz (Ukrainian: Наталія Стігліц , Russian: Наталья Штиглиц ) in Ukraine, 1950; married name also Shcharansky) was an activist and public figure in the Soviet Jewry Movement who fought for the release of her husband, Nathan Sharansky, from Soviet imprisonment.
Defending Identity: Its Indispensable Role in Protecting Democracy is the third book by Natan Sharansky published on June 1, 2008 by Public Affairs.
Tsewang Rigzin is the current president of the Tibetan Youth Congress.
 He has held the position since September 2007, and on August 8, 2008 he was re-elected to serve through August 2013.
 Prior to attaining his current position he served as the president of the Portland/Vancouver regional chapter of the Tibetan Youth Congress.
Todd Philip Haskell (born 1962) is an American diplomat and career Foreign Service Officer who currently serves as the United States Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo.
 Prior to assuming his current position, he served as Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of African Affairs at the United States Department of State from 2015 to 2017.
 In February 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Haskell for the position of United States Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo.
 Haskell had originally been nominated for the position by outgoing President Barack Obama in January 2017.
 When Trump took office, he withdrew Haskell's nomination before reinstating his nomination.
 Haskell was confirmed for the position by the United States Senate on May 18, 2017.
The Case for Democracy is a foreign policy manifesto written by one-time Soviet political prisoner and former Israeli Member of the Knesset, Natan Sharansky.
 Sharansky's friend Ron Dermer is the book's co-author.
 The book achieved the bestsellers list of the "New York Times", "Washington Post" and "Foreign Affairs".
A moving map display is a type of navigation system output that, instead of numerically displaying the current geographical coordinates determined by the navigation unit or an heading and distance indication of a certain waypoint, displays the unit's current location at the center of a map.
 As the unit moves around and new coordinates are therefore determined, the map moves to keep its position at the center of the display.
 Mechanical moving map displays using paper charts were first introduced in the 1950s, and became common in some roles during the 1960s.
 Mechanically moved paper maps were replaced by digital maps during the 1970s and 80s, with resolution and detail improving along with computer imagery and the computer memory systems that held the data.
 A common example of a moving map display today is the map display in a smart phone, which uses GPS to determine its current position and then recalls the map data from the device's memory or from the Internet in real time.
Allison Dabbs Garrett, J.D. (born January 22, 1964) is an American educator and the current president of Emporia State University.
 Previously, Garrett served as Abilene Christian University's executive vice president, a position she held from August 20, 2012 to December 23, 2015.
 Before her current position, Garrett held several vice president positions in both education and corporate jobs.
Maya Lakshmi Harris West (born January 30, 1967) is an American lawyer, public policy advocate, and television commentator.
 She is a political analyst for MSNBC and in 2015 was appointed to be one of three senior policy advisers to lead the development of an agenda for Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign.
 She was formerly a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress.
 From 2008 until she took her current position, she was Vice President for Democracy, Rights and Justice at the Ford Foundation.
 Prior to joining the Ford Foundation, she served as the Executive Director of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Northern California.
 Before joining the ACLU, the former law school dean (Lincoln Law School of San Jose) was a Senior Associate at PolicyLink.
 She has authored two publications which include a report highlighting community-centered policing practices nationwide and an advocacy manual for police reform.
