The common iora ("Aegithina tiphia") is a small passerine bird found across the tropical Indian subcontinent with populations showing plumage variations, some of which are designated as subspecies.
 A species found in scrub and forest, it is easily detected from its loud whistles and the bright colours.
 During the breeding season, males display by fluffing up their feathers and spiral in the air appearing like a green, black, yellow and white ball.
The function of the sight screen, which is usually completely black or white in color, is to offer the batsman a clean view of the bowler and his or her delivery, such that distractions including spectators do not disturb the batsman.
 In limited overs matches such as One Day Internationals or Twenty20 Internationals, which are usually played with a white ball, the sight screen is usually black, or otherwise dark.
 In Test matches, in which a cherry-red ball is used for play, the sight screen is usually white.
A Taste of Power: A Black Woman's Story (Pantheon Books, 1992) is a memoir written by Elaine Brown.
 The book follows her life from childhood up through her activism with the Black Panther Party.
 In the early chapters of the book, Brown recalls growing up on York Street in a rough neighborhood of North Philadelphia.
 Due to her mother's persistence, she is able to attend an experimental elementary school in a nice neighborhood and becomes friends with some Jewish girls.
 From that point on, Brown describes being a part of two worlds.
 She'd act "white" while hanging out with her school friends, and "black" when with the girls in her neighborhood.
Blackballing is a rejection in a traditional form of secret ballot, where a white ball or ballot constitutes a vote in support and a black ball signifies opposition.
 This system is typically used where a club's rules provide that one or two objections, rather than an at-least-50% share of votes, are sufficient to defeat a proposition.
 Since the seventeenth century, these rules have commonly applied to elections to membership of many gentlemen's clubs and similar institutions such as Freemasonry and fraternities.
Acaciella angustissima (Prairie acacia, White ball acacia, Ocpatl, Palo de Pulque) is most recognized for its drought tolerance and its ability to be used as a green manure and ground covering.
 It is a perennial, deciduous, and belongs to the Fabaceae family (bean/legume) and as it grows it starts as a shrub but eventually matures to a small tree.
 The tree has a high density of leaves along with small clumps of white flowers and creates 4–7 cm long seed pods.
The Black and White Ball was a masquerade ball held on November 28, 1966 at the Plaza Hotel in New York City.
 Hosted by author Truman Capote, the ball was in honor of "The Washington Post" publisher Katharine Graham.
Golf (ゴルフ , Gorufu ) is a sports-simulation video game developed and released by Nintendo in 1984 for the NES.
 The player one character wears a white shirt and shoes with blue pants and uses a white ball, while the player two character wears a red shirt and shoes with black pants and uses a red ball.
Buddleja 'White Ball' is a hybrid cultivar developed by Horticultural Research International, at Boskoop in the Netherlands.
 One of the parents was the white form of "B. davidii" var.
 "nanhoensis", 'Alba'.
The 1956 NFL season was the 37th regular season of the National Football League.
 CBS became the first network to televise some regular season games across the nation.
 Meanwhile, the league started to use a natural leather ball with white end stripes, instead of the white ball with black stripes, for night games.
Snooker ( , ) is a cue sport which originated among British Army officers in Etawah, India in the latter half of the 19th century.
 It is played on a rectangular table covered with a green cloth, or baize, with pockets at each of the four corners and in the middle of each long side.
 Using a cue and 22 coloured balls, players must strike the white ball (or "cue ball") to pot the remaining balls in the correct sequence, accumulating points for each pot.
 An individual game, or frame, is won by the player who scores the most points.
 A match is won when a player wins a predetermined number of frames.
