SWX Right Now (Sports and Weather Right Now) is a digital subchannel broadcasting high school and college sports, and automated weather information of interest to viewers throughout Eastern Washington state.
 The channel is operated by Cowles Company and airs over Cowles' three NBC affiliated channels in Eastern Washington, including Spokane's KHQ, KNDO in Yakima and Richland's KNDU, as well as Billings' KULR in Montana, and on most cable systems throughout the markets they serve.
KRSQ (101.9 MHz) is a commercial radio station in Laurel, Montana, serving the Billings, Montana area.
 The station airs a CHR music format branded as “Hot 101.9”.
 Licensed to Laurel, Montana, United States, the station serves the Billings area.
 The station is currently owned by Radio Billings, LLC.
KQCD-TV, channel 7, is the NBC affiliate for Dickinson, North Dakota.
 The station operates as a semi-satellite of KFYR-TV in Bismarck, North Dakota.
 This outlet broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 7 (or virtual channel 7.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter near South Heart.
 KQCD identifies itself as a station in its own right, but simulcasts all programming from KFYR.
 However, KQCD airs separate commercials and station identifications.
 The station maintains a news bureau and advertising sales office on 21st Street East in Dickinson.
 Much of KQCD's viewing area is within the Mountain time zone, and the station airs 6 p.m. starts to primetime rather than the usual 7 p.m. for the time zone.
 KQCD can also be seen on Consolidated Telcom cable channel 5 and Midcontinent cable channel 7 in Dickinson, and cable channel 7 in most other areas.
 There is a high definition feed provided on Consolidated Telcom digital channel 305 and Midcontinent digital channel 607.
KEWF is a commercial radio station in Billings, Montana, broadcasting on 98.5 FM.
 KEWF airs a country music format branded as “98.5 The Wolf”.
 The station formerly went by the call letters KGHL- FM before former sister station KGHL- AM 790 was sold to new owner Northern Broadcasting System.
 Licensed to Billings, Montana, United States, the station serves the Billings area.
 The station is currently owned by Radio Billings, LLC.
KMHK is a commercial radio station in Billings, Montana, broadcasting on 103.7 FM.
 KMHK recently switched to a classic rock music format branded as “The New 103-7 The Hawk”.
 Licensed to Billings, Montana, United States, the station serves the Billings area.
 The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media Billings License, LLC.
KBXI (92.5 FM, "MoJo 92.5") is a commercial radio station licensed in Park City, Montana, broadcasting to the Billings, Montana, area.
 KBXI airs an adult hits music format.
 Licensed to Park City, Montana, United States, the station serves the Billings area.
 The station is currently owned by local radio personality Kurt Anthony, through licensee Anthony Media Inc.
 Anthony also operates Twang 107.5 and Crossroads 105.1.
KXMD-TV, channel 11, is the CBS affiliate for Williston, North Dakota.
 The station operates as a semi-satellite of KXMC-TV in Minot, North Dakota.
 This outlet broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 14 (or virtual channel 11.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter west of Williston near the North Dakota/Montana border.
 KXMD identifies itself as a station in its own right, but simulcasts all programming from KXMC.
 However, KXMD airs separate commercials and station identifications.
 The station maintains a news bureau and advertising sales office at the intersection of 13th Avenue West and 18th Street West (near U.S. Highway 2/85) in Williston.
 KXMD's viewing area includes most of the Montana portion of this vast market.
 As Montana is within the Mountain Time Zone, primetime programming on KXMD begins at 6 pm rather than at 7 pm for other stations licensed in the Central Time Zone.
 The station can also be seen on Midcontinent cable channel 6 in Williston, and cable channel 11 in most other areas.
 There is a high definition feed provided on Midcontinent digital channel 606.
KUMV-TV, channel 8, is the NBC affiliate for Williston, North Dakota.
 The station operates as a semi-satellite of KMOT in Minot, North Dakota.
 This outlet broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 8 (or virtual channel 8.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter west of Williston near the North Dakota/Montana border.
 KUMV identifies itself as a station in its own right, but simulcasts all programming from KMOT.
 However, KUMV airs local news inserts into KMOT's weeknight newscasts, airs separate commercials and station identifications.
 The station maintains its studios and advertising sales office at the intersection of Main Street (U.S. 2 Business) and 6th Street East in Williston.
 The Montana portion KUMV's viewing area is within the Mountain time zone, and the station airs 6 p.m. starts to primetime rather than the usual 7 p.m. for the time zone.
 The station can also be seen on Midcontinent cable channel 5 in Williston, and cable channel 8 in most other areas.
 There is a high definition feed provided on Midcontinent digital channel 605.
KKBR (97.1 FM) - operating as 97.1 Kiss FM - is a commercial radio station in Billings, Montana.
 Licensed to Billings, Montana, United States, the station serves the Billings area.
 The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media Billings License, LLC.
 The station has obtained a construction permit from the FCC for a power increase to 100,000 watts.
KCTR-FM (102.9 FM, "Cat Country 103") is a commercial radio station in Billings, Montana.
 KCTR airs a country music format.
 Licensed to Billings, Montana, United States, the station serves the Billings area.
 The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media Billings License, LLC.
