"Baa, Baa, Black Sheep" is an English nursery rhyme, the earliest surviving version of which dates from 1731.
 The words have not changed very much in two and a half centuries.
 It is sung to a variant of the 1761 French melody "Ah!
 vous dirai-je, maman".
 Uncorroborated theories have been advanced to explain the meaning of the rhyme.
 These include that it is a complaint against Medieval English taxes on wool and that it is about the slave trade.
 In the twentieth century it was a subject of controversies in debates about political correctness.
 It has been used in literature and popular culture as a metaphor and allusion.
 The Roud Folk Song Index classifies the lyrics and their variations as number 4439.
Mots D'Heures: Gousses, Rames: The D'Antin Manuscript ("Mother Goose's Rhymes"), published in 1967 by Luis d'Antin van Rooten is purportedly a collection of poems written in archaic French with learned glosses.
 In fact, they are English-language nursery rhymes written homophonically as a nonsensical French text (with pseudo-scholarly explanatory footnotes); that is, as an English-to-French homophonic translation.
 The result is not merely the English nursery rhyme but that nursery rhyme as it would sound if spoken in English by someone with a strong French accent.
 Even the manuscript's title, when spoken aloud, sounds like "Mother Goose's Rhymes" with a strong French accent.
Rub-A-Dub-Dub was an English nursery rhyme TV series animated by Peter Lang and Alan Rogers of the Cut-Out Animation Co.
 They were previously famous for Pigeon Street.
 The series was produced by David Yates and Joe Wolf.
 The title is a reference to the nursery rhyme Rub-a-dub-dub.
Humpty Dumpty is a character in an English nursery rhyme, probably originally a riddle and one of the best known in the English-speaking world.
 He is typically portrayed as a personified egg, though he is not explicitly described as such.
 The first recorded versions of the rhyme date from late eighteenth-century England and the tune from 1870 in James William Elliott's "National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs".
 Its origins are obscure and several theories have been advanced to suggest original meanings.
Teletubbies say "Eh-oh!"
 is a hit single which was number one in the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in December 1997.
 It remained in the Top 75 for 29 weeks after its first release and three weeks more after two re-releases and sold well enough to be certified as double-platinum.
 It is mostly a remix of the theme song from the hit BBC TV show, "Teletubbies".
 It was also a massive hit in the Republic of Ireland, peaking at number two.
 The Teletubbies have not had another such hit, making them a one-hit wonder.
 The song also reached #13 in The Netherlands, remaining in the Dutch Singles Chart for 13 weeks.
 The song contains two nursery rhymes, the Teletubbies hum along to Baa, Baa, Black Sheep and the flowers from Teletubbyland sing Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary.
Tweedledum and Tweedledee are fictional characters in an English nursery rhyme and in Lewis Carroll's "Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There".
 Their names may have originally come from an epigram written by poet John Byrom .
 The nursery rhyme has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19800.
 The names have since become synonymous in western popular culture slang for any two people who look and act in identical ways, generally in a derogatory context.
Andrew William John McCrorie-Shand (né McCrorie) (born 14 May 1955) is a British composer.
 He is mostly known for having composed the original theme tune for "Teletubbies", and also the chart topping hit that followed it, "Teletubbies say "Eh-oh!"
".
Teletubbies – The Album is an album that was released based on the popular children's show of the same name.
 The album's single "Teletubbies Say 'Eh-oh!'
" was a number-one hit in the UK Singles Chart in December 1997 and reached number 13 in the Dutch Singles Chart in late 1998.
Visits to St Elizabeths is a poem by Elizabeth Bishop modelled on the English nursery rhyme "This is the house that Jack built".
 The poem refers to the confinement between 1945 and 1958 of Ezra Pound in St Elizabeths Hospital, Washington, D.C.
 The nursery rhyme style gives an unusual effect to the strange or unsettling descriptions of a psychiatric hospital in the poem.
 Likewise the poem treats Pound ambivalently describing him by turns as "honored", "brave", "cruel", and "wretched" among other things.
"A Wise Old Owl" is an English language nursery rhyme.
 It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7734 and in The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes, 2nd Ed.
 of 1997, as number 394.
 The rhyme is an improvement of a traditional nursery rhyme "There was an owl lived in an oak, wisky, wasky, weedle."
