+ - (pronounced "Plus Minus") is the sixth studio album by Danish alternative rock band Mew.
 It was released on 24 April 2015.
 The album was produced by Michael Beinhorn and was promoted by the singles "Satellites" and "Water Slides".
 It was Mew's first studio album in five-and-a-half years, following their 2009 record "No More Stories...".
 Bassist Johan Wohlert made his return on this album after being absent from the band's previous album during his departure in 2008. "
+ -" was also the final album to feature guitarist Bo Madsen, who left the band on 1 July 2015.
Minus the Herd is the third studio album by the Canadian mathcore band Ion Dissonance, released on June 5, 2007 through Abacus Recordings.
 "Minus the Herd" sold over 1,900 copies its first week of release, peaking at #22 on the Billboard 200 Heatseekers Charts.
 A music video was made for Kneel in 2007, and was released the same year viva Abacus Recording's YouTube channel.
 This album finishes the departure from their grindcore sound in favor of deathcore sound, which started at the previous album, "Solace".
Sonic Bullets: 13 From the Hip is the third studio album released by Croatian surf rock band The Bambi Molesters.
 The album was recorded in Novo Mesto, Slovenia, and various locations in Seattle.
 It features numerous guest musicians, including Scott McCaughey of Young Fresh Fellows and The Minus 5, Peter Buck of R.E.M. and The Minus 5, Chris Eckman of The Walkabouts, Terry Lee Hale, and Jorge Eduardo "Speedy" Martinez of The Flaming Sideburns.
'Til the Band Comes In is the sixth studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker.
 It was released in December 1970 but failed to chart.
 Three singles were released from the album.
 The title track backed with "Jean the Machine" was released in the Netherlands.
 "Jean the Machine" and "Thanks For Chicago Mr. James" were each released in Japan.
 No singles were released in the UK.
 The release is a loose concept album about the inhabitants of a tenement.
Tin Machine were an Anglo-American hard rock band formed in 1988, notable for being fronted by English singer-songwriter David Bowie.
 The band consisted of Bowie on lead vocals and guitar, Reeves Gabrels on guitar, Tony Fox Sales on bass, and Hunt Sales on drums.
 Both Tony and Hunt are the sons of comedian Soupy Sales.
 Guitarist Kevin Armstrong was an unofficial fifth member of the band, playing on both the first studio album and first tour.
 The band recorded two studio albums before dissolving in 1992, when Bowie returned to his solo career.
 Drummer Hunt Sales said that the band's name "reflects the sound of the band," and Bowie stated that he and his band members joined up "to make the kind of music that we enjoyed listening to" and to rejuvenate himself artistically.
 Over the course of their career, the band sold two million albums.
 Bowie would later credit his time with Tin Machine as instrumental in revitalising his career in the 1990s.
Attention Please is the sixth studio album and second major label album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine.
 It was their first album of all new material since the band formed.
 The songs "Attention Please" and "Nothing to Prove" which both charted on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart at #30 and #23, respectively.
 Despite the album's success, it was not well promoted by the label and led the band to return to producing their albums independently for future releases.
 This album also featured a remix of the track "Turned Blue" which was featured on the "An American Werewolf in Paris" film soundtrack.
Sensory Overdrive is the sixth studio album by the Finnish glam rock singer Michael Monroe, released on 14 March 2011 through Spinefarm Records.
 It is Monroe's first studio album with his new backing band formed in early 2010, as well as his first studio solo album since the second break-up of his band Hanoi Rocks in 2009.
"Midnight" is a song by British rock band Coldplay for their sixth studio album, "Ghost Stories" (2014).
 It was written and produced by band members Guy Berryman, Jonny Buckland, Will Champion and Chris Martin, with production assistance from Paul Epworth, Daniel Green, and Rik Simpson, and co-production from Jon Hopkins.
 A music video for the "Ghost Stories" track was released on 25 February 2014 as a teaser for the then-unannounced sixth studio album.
 A promotional "Midnight" 7-inch vinyl single was pressed by Parlophone for Record Store Day 2014.
 The single, featuring the track on a single side of the record, was released on 17 April 2014, becoming the second music release by the band in promotion of "Ghost Stories".
Minus Six is a piano-based pop rock group based out of the Quad Cities area.
 Formed in 2003, the band has produced four studio albums and a live album.
 Minus Six has not played continuously since 2003, and has taken two hiatuses - for three months in summer of 2010 and the other from mid-2011 to mid-2012, both a result of lead singer and piano player Kevin Carton's travels.
 In addition to Carton, the band features Kameron Rummans on bass, Matt Sivertsen on saxophone, and Rob Baner on drums Former members include Jamie Hopkins and Tyler Kaschke, both former drummers.
 Minus Six takes its name from its lack of six string guitar, a standard instrument in their genre.
 Instead, they rely on piano, saxophone, and bass guitar to provide melodic backing.
Minus the Machine is the sixth studio album by American rock band 10 Years.
 It was released on August 7, 2012 through their own independent label called Palehorse Records, which is a part of Warner Music Group's Independent Label Group.
 Lead singer, Jesse Hasek, spoke about the album saying “We wanted to create an album that has no boundaries.”
 He continues by saying, “When you feel like you’re being told to go through motions and jump through hoops, it takes the heart out of it.
 It's better to do what comes naturally and then figure out the after-effect.”
