PDM University is a co-educational private university from the state of Haryana, India.
 The university has its campus in Bahadurgarh, Delhi NCR.
The University has been established by the Haryana State Legislature under the Haryana Private Universities Act No. 32 of 2006, as amended by the Haryana Private Universities (Amendment), Act, 2015 (Haryana Act No.1 of 2016) and notified in the Haryana Govt.
 Gazette (Extra) Notification No.
 Leg.2/2016, dated 14 January 2016.
 The University has also been recognised by UGC under section 2(f) of the UGC Act 1956.
 The University is established and managed by Prabhu Dayal Memorial Religious & Educational Association (PDMREA).
Universities in Bangladesh represent about 75 academic bodies out of a total of about 105 institutions of the conventional higher education institution (HEI) in Bangladesh.
 Segmented by management and financial structure, these include 34 public universities, 56 private universities, 2 international universities, 31 specialized colleges, and 2 special universities.
 There are specialized universities in both categories offering courses principally in technological studies, medical studies, business studies and Islamic studies.
 There are two private universities dedicated solely to female students.
 The number of universities is growing mostly in and around the capital city of Dhaka.
The higher education system in India include both private and public universities.
 Public universities are supported by the Government of India and the state governments, while private universities are mostly supported by various bodies and societies.
 Universities in India are recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC), which draws its power from the "University Grants Commission Act, 1956".
 In addition, 15 Professional Councils are established, controlling different aspects of accreditation and coordination.
 Private universities in India are regulated under the UGC (Establishment and Maintenance of Standards in Private Universities) Regulations, 2003.
 Per the UGC act and these regulations, private universities are established by an act of a local legislative assembly and listed by the UGC in the Gazette upon receiving the act.
 As confirmed by ruling of the Supreme Court of India, recognition by the UGC is required for the university to operate.
 Also per the 2003 regulations, the UGC sends committees to inspect the private universities and publishes their inspection report.
K. K. University (KKU) is a private university located in Beraunti, near Bihar Sharif in Nalanda district, Bihar, India.
 The university was established in 2017 by Samajik Kalyan Sanstha under the "Bihar Private Universities Act, 2013", one of the two first private universities in Bihar, the other being Sandip University, Sijoul.
 Both universities were approved by the Bihar Government in May 2017 following the passing of "Private Universities (Amendment) Bill, 2017" in March 2017 which relaxed the rules for establishment of private universities in Bihar.
This is a list of universities in Malaysia.
 Universities in Malaysia are generally categorised as public and private universities.
 Private universities include locally established universities and campuses of foreign universities.
Utopia University, known in Chinese as Datong or Tatung University, was a private university in Shanghai.
 It was established in March 1912 by a group of former Tsinghua faculty members led by Hu Dunfu, and became one of the most reputable private universities in China.
 After the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Communist government closed Utopia along with many other private universities in 1952.
 Its departments, faculty members, and students were divided and merged into various universities in Shanghai.
This is a partially sorted list of notable persons who have had ties to Columbia University.
 For further listing of notable Columbians see: Notable alumni at Columbia College of Columbia University; Columbia University School of General Studies; Columbia Law School; Columbia Business School; Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism; Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation; Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons; Columbia University Graduate School of Education (Teachers College); Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science; Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences; Columbia University School of Professional Studies; Columbia University School of the Arts; and the School of International and Public Affairs.
 The following lists are incomplete.
Sandip University, Sijoul is a private university located in Sijoul, Madhubani district, Bihar, India.
 The university was established in 2017 by Sandip Foundation under the "Bihar Private Universities Act, 2013", one of the two first private universities in Bihar, the other being K. K. University.
 Both universities were approved by the Bihar Government in May 2017 following the passing of "Private Universities (Amendment) Bill, 2017" in March 2017 which relaxed the rules for establishment of private universities in Bihar.
 This decision gave autonomous status to what was previously the Sandip Foundation Sijoul campus which houses the Shri.
 Nityanand Jha College of Education (SNJCOE) and the Shri Ram Polytechnic (SRP).
 This is the second university to be established by the foundation, following the establishment Sandip University, Nashik in 2015.
This is a sorted list of notable persons who are alumni of Columbia University, New York City.
 For further listing of notable Columbians see: Notable alumni at Columbia College of Columbia University; Columbia University School of General Studies; Barnard College; Columbia Law School; Columbia Business School; Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism; Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation; Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons; Columbia University Graduate School of Education (Teachers College); Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science; Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences; Columbia University School of Professional Studies; Columbia University School of the Arts; and the School of International and Public Affairs.
Private universities are not operated by governments, although many receive tax breaks, public student loans, and grants.
 Depending on their location, private universities may be subject to government regulation.
 This is in contrast to public universities and national universities.
 Most private universities are non-profit organizations.
