Tulu cinema is a part of Indian cinema.
 The Tulu film industry is also called Coastalwood.
 It produces 5 to 7 films annually.
 The first Tulu film was "Enna Thangadi" released in 1971.
 Usually, earlier, these films were released in theatres across the Tulu Nadu region.
 But currently the Tulu film industry has grown to the level where films are being released simultaneously in Mangalore, Udupi and Mumbai, Bangalore and Gulf countries.
 The critically acclaimed Tulu film "Suddha" won the award for the best Indian Film at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema held in New Delhi in 2006.
 In 2011, the Tulu film Industry got second life with the release of the film "Oriyardori Asal".
 The film turned out to be the biggest hit in Tulu film history to date. "
Chaali Polilu" is the longest running film in Tulu film industry.
 This movie is the highest grossing film in the Tulu film industry.
 It has successfully completed 470 days at PVR Cinemas in Mangalore.
Vijay a.k.a. Duniya Vijay is an Indian actor who appears in Kannada films.
 He started off as a junior film artist in the industry playing small insignificant roles, before he got the big break in "Duniya" (2007).
 He is noted for his performances in various films such as "Chanda" (2007), "Junglee" (2009), "Johny Mera Naam Preethi Mera Kaam" (2011) and "Jayammana Maga" (2013).
Mera Damad is a 1985 family-drama Indian Hindi film directed by Partho Ghosh and produced by Shipra Biswas and Tushar Mazumdar.
 It starred Utpal Dutt (in his final film appearance), Ashok Kumar, Farooq Sheikh, Zarina Wahab, Rakesh Bedi, Prema Narayan, and Jankidas in lead roles.
 Music for the film was scored by Salil Choudhury and Babul Bose.>
Amitash Pradhan (born 12 October 1990) is an actor in the "Indian Film Industry" prominently known for his antagonist role in blockbuster hit movie "Velaiyilla Pattadhari" starring South-Indian film actor Dhanush and for playing the lead in "Heartbeats", a film Directed by Duane Adler (creator of the Step UP Franchise) becoming the first south Indian actor to play the lead in a Hollywood film.
Doddanna (Kannada: ದೊಡ್ಡಣ್ಣ ; born 11 November 1949) is an Indian actor in the Kannada film industry who has acted in about 500 films.
 He started his career as a theatre actor.
 During this time and later entered the Kannada film industry as a character actor.
Sunil Rawal (born 23 May 1983) is a film producer and actor active in the Nepali film industry.
 He has been involved in the film industry since 2012.
 His first movie as a producer and actor was "Saayad", produced under the banner of Durgish Films Pvt. Ltd. and directed by Suraj Subba.
 He is Managing Director of Durgish Films Pvt. Ltd.
 Since his involvement in the industry, he has been the center point of attraction to both filmmaker and audience.
 His First movie Saayad in 2011 was the trend breaker.
 Rawal collected numerous award from that movie.
 Being a Member of Nepal Film Producer Association, He was awarded by Nepal Film Producer Association for the best product, Saayad.
 Then his dedication of filmmaking reached to another level, which helped him to produce another blockbuster movie HOSTEL, 2012, which was the heart of youth nepali audience.
 Hostel too got numbers of award including national award.
 After grand success of Hostel, Rawal came with another blockbuster movie Hostel Returns, Sequel of Hostel in 2015.
 Till the date Rawal is only the producer in Nepali Film Industry with No flops.
 Rawal is inspiration and role model to many youth who is willing to make their career in Nepali Film Industry.
 Sequel of his first Film Saayad, Saayad 2 is set to release on 14 July 2017.
 Beside Filmmaking, Rawal is busy on serving the society, in his initiation, library was established in Nirankari Aadarsha Bidhya Mandir, Kailali.
 He was one of the active filmmaker to serve earthquake victims in different part of Nepal.
 He has great contribution to flood victims of eastern and western Nepal.
 Getting Back to film Industry, His upcoming Projects, Laaure and Woolen Marry is running smoothly on Pre-production.
Komal Kumar (; born 4 July) is an Indian actor in the Kannada film industry, known for comedic roles.
 He is also a film producer and distributor.
 Komal made his cinema debut in the year 1992 as a second hero for the movie called "Super nan Maga" produced by his brother in law N. Srinivas.
 Since his debut Komal has acted in over 100 films as a comedy actor and eventually as a lead actor in the film called "Chamkaisi chindi Udaisi".
 He is the younger brother of actor Jaggesh, with whom he has frequently collaborated professionally.
Tariq Hussain Khan was an Indian film actor known for his works in Hindi cinema.
 He made his debut with his father Nasir Hussain's directed 1973 hit film Yaadon Ki Baraat.
 He acted in Nasir Hussain's next hit film "Hum Kisise Kum Nahin" (1977).
 Although both were hit films, Tariq's career never took off successfully.
 After appearing in a handful of other films, he quit acting after his last film Mera Damad in 1995.
Fayyaz Hashmi (Urdu: ‎ ) was a Pakistani poet and dialogue writer who worked both in the Indian and Pakistani film industry.
 He penned some memorable songs such as the famous ghazal Aaj Jaane Ki Zid Na Karo and "Tasveer teri dil mera behela nah sake gi".
 The latter made the singer Talat Mahmood famous in India back in 1941 and was instrumental in introducing him to the Calcutta film industry.
Krishnabhaskar Mangalasserri (Malayalam : കൃഷ്ണഭാസ്ക്കർ മംഗലശ്ശേരി)is an Indian actor, Model, Academic, Novelist, and Screenwriter who works in the Malayalam film industry.
 Krishnabhaskar Mangalasserri made his acting debut in the Malayalam film "Puthiya Theerangal" (2012) under ace director of Malayalam film industry Sathyan Anthikad and later starred in the movie directed by Martin Prakkat starring Dulquer Salman and Aparna Gopinath in lead roles.
 He co-wrote and also enacted a leading role as a police officer in movie Asha Black with supreme star Sarath Kumar.
