Gordon Johndroe (born 1974) is vice president of Government Operations Communications at The Boeing Company.
 He was named to this position in November 2014 and is responsible for developing and implementing communications strategies associated with advocacy for the company’s products and businesses, as well as issues management and outreach to the Washington, D.C. news media and related constituencies.
 Johndroe previously worked at Lockheed Martin from 2013-2014 as Vice President for Worldwide Media Relations.
 He served as chief spokesperson for the corporation, counsels senior leaders on media engagements and oversees Lockheed Martin’s media relations campaigns and strategies.
 Prior to joining Lockheed Martin, he served as Deputy Assistant to President George W. Bush, Deputy Press Secretary and a spokesman for the United States National Security Council
The president pro tempore of the United States Senate ( or ), also president pro tem, is the second-highest-ranking official of the United States Senate.
 of the United States Constitution provides that the Vice President of the United States is, despite not being a senator, the President of the Senate, and mandates that the Senate must choose a president "pro tempore" to act in the Vice President's absence.
 Unlike the vice president, the president pro tempore is an elected member of the Senate, able to speak or vote on any issue.
 Selected by the Senate at large, the president pro tempore has enjoyed many privileges and some limited powers.
 During the vice president's absence, the president pro tempore is empowered to preside over Senate sessions.
 In practice, neither the vice president nor the president pro tempore usually presides; instead, the duty of presiding officer is rotated among junior senators of the majority party to give them experience in parliamentary procedure.
Robert E. Nyce is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 A graduate of Northampton Area Senior High School, Northampton, PA and Moravian College, Bethlehem, PA for over twenty years he was a tax professional working at Lehigh Portland Cement Company, Allentown, PA from 1970 to 1973, Manager, Credit Taxes, Insurance and Payroll at Frick Company, Waynesboro, PA from 1973 to 1975, Senior Tax Accountant for Bethlehem Steel Corporation from 1975 to 1985 and Asst. Vice President, Taxes for Chrysler First, Inc., Allentown, PA from 1985 to 1990.
 He was a member of the Tax Executives Institute including Chairman of the State Tax Committee in the 1980s.
 During his private sector employment, Mr. Nyce was active in his community of East Allen Township.
 From 1979 to 1984 he served as a member and Chairman of the East Allen Township Municipal Authority and again from 2007 to 2013 as a member and Treasurer.
 From 2011 to 2013 Mr. Nyce negotiated and helped close the sale of the East Allen Township Municipal Authority's assets to The City of Bethlehem and the Bath Borough Municipal Authority thereby ensuring high quality service of water and sewer for the future for all residents of East Allen Township.
 From 1984 to 1990, Mr. Nyce served on the Northampton Area School District Board of Directors as member, Vice Chairman and Chairman.
 He also served on the Bethlehem Area Vocational Technical School Joint Operating Committee as member, Vice Chairman and Chairman.
 In both capacities, he was responsible for normal business operations and participated in union contract negotiations with staff.
 In 1990, Mr. Nyce ran for and was elected State Representative for the 138th PA House District encompassing parts of Northampton and Monroe Counties.
 During his three terms in the House of Representatives he served on several important committees: Education, Local Government, Fish and Game, Finance to name a few.
 In 1996 he ran for PA Auditor General in an unsuccessful bid to represent the people of PA as their financial watchdog.
 Following the campaign, he was hired as the Executive Director of the Pennsylvania Independent Regulatory Review Commission (IRRC).
 Mr. Nyce served for eight years in that capacity overseeing two major revisions to the Regulatory Review Act and many significant regulatory issues facing the residents of Pennsylvania.
 The PA IRRC reviews all regulations promulgated in PA and provides citizens an opportunity to comment on and affect those regulations prior to their promulgation by the state agency that authored the regulation.
 The two exceptions are the PA Fish and Boat Commission and the PA Game Commission which remain outside the regulatory review process.
 In 2005, Mr. Nyce retired from state government and now resides in Northampton County.
 He has been a member of the Free and Accepted Masons of PA since 1971 and the Rajah Shrine, Reading, PA since the mid-ninety's.
 Mr. Nyce is a past member of the Northampton Exchange Club.
 Mr. Nyce served in the U.S. Army from 1966 to 1969.
 Having completed his basic training at Fort Knox, Kentucky and Advanced Individual Training at Fort Lewis, Washington he was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 3rd Infantry Unit, "The Old Guard" at Arlington National Cemetery where he served for about two and one half years attaining the rank of Staff Sergeant, E-6 before taking an early release to return to Moravian College in September 1969.
 While serving at Arlington, SSG Nyce participated in former President Dwight D. Eisenhower's funeral, President Nixon's Inauguration and Robert F. Kennedy's Funeral.
Executive Order 10925, signed by President John F. Kennedy on March 6, 1961, required government contractors to "take affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and that employees are treated during employment without regard to their race, creed, color, or national origin."
 It established the President's Committee on Equal Employment Opportunity (PCEEO), which was chaired by then Vice President Lyndon Johnson.
 Vice Chair and Secretary of Labor Arthur Goldberg was in charge of the Committee's operations.
 This first implementation of Affirmative Action was meant to give equal opportunities in the workforce to all U.S. citizens, not to give special treatment to those discriminated against.
The Gore-Chernomyrdin Commission, or U.S.-Russian Joint Commission on Economic and Technological Cooperation, was a United States and Russian Joint Commission developed to increase cooperation between the two countries in several different areas.
 The Commission was developed by the United States’ President Bill Clinton and Russian President Boris Yeltsin at a summit in Vancouver in April 1993.
 Al Gore, the United States Vice President, and Victor Chernomyrdin, the Russian Prime Minister, were appointed as co-chairmen, and the committee derives its name from those two individuals.
 Before his appointment to the Commission, Chernomyrdin oversaw the Soviet national oil industry as minister from 1985-1989.
 After the fall of the Soviet Union, Chernomyrdin organized the Soviet oil industry into the Gazprom corporation.
Alfred Balk (July 24, 1930 – November 25, 2010) was an American reporter, nonfiction author and magazine editor who wrote groundbreaking articles about housing segregation, the Nation of Islam, the environment and Illinois politics.
 His refusal to identify a confidential source led to a landmark court case.
 During a career-long emphasis on media improvement, he served on the Twentieth Century Fund's task force that established a National News Council, consulted for several foundations, served as secretary of New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller's Committee on the Employment of Minority Groups in the News Media, and produced a film, "That the People Shall Know: The Challenge of Journalism", narrated by Walter Cronkite.
 He wrote and co-authored books on a variety of topics, ranging from the tax exempt status of religious organizations to globalization to the history of radio.
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. (born Leslie Lynch King Jr.; July 14, 1913 – December 26, 2006) was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from August 1974 to January 1977, following the resignation of Richard Nixon.
 Prior to this he served eight months as the 40th Vice President of the United States, following the resignation of Spiro Agnew.
 He was the first person appointed to the vice presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment, and consequently the only person to have served as both Vice President and President of the United States without being elected to executive office.
 Before his appointment to the vice presidency, Ford served 25 years as U.S. Representative from Michigan's 5th congressional district, the final nine of them as the House Minority Leader.
Jim Lentz is the chief executive officer for Toyota North America; president and chief operating officer of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. (TMA); and a senior managing officer of the parent company Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) which is located in Japan.
 In that role Lentz manages all of Toyota’s North American affiliate companies which include TMA, Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS), and Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing, North America, Inc. (TEMA), which includes responsibilities for Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada Inc. (TMMC), and oversight for Toyota Canada, Inc. (TCI).
 Lentz also serves as the chairman of the North American Executive Committee.
 This is composed of the top leaders from the affiliate companies.
 Most recently Lentz was the president and chief executive officer of TMS and senior vice president of TMA and served in a global advisory capacity as the managing officer for TMC.
 Before that he served as president and chief operating officer and executive vice president of TMS.
 Lentz previously held several executive positions including Toyota division group vice president and general manager where he oversaw all sales, logistics and marketing activities for Toyota and Scion regional sales offices and distributors.
 He also served as the group vice president of marketing for the Toyota division and vice president of Scion, and was responsible for the initial launch of a new line of vehicles.
 Lentz spent several years in the field as vice president and general manager of the Los Angeles region and before that general manager of the San Francisco region.
 Prior to his role as general manager Lentz was vice president of marketing services for CAT in Maryland.
 He has also held several other TMS positions, including field training manager, sales administration manager and truck sales team member.
 Lentz joined Toyota in 1982 as the merchandising manager for its Portland, Oregon region where he later became the distribution manager and field operations manager.
 He serves as chairman on the board of directors of The Global Automakers and is also a member of the executive advisory board for Daniels College of Business at the University of Denver (DU), his alma mater.
 He was named “Marketer of the Year” by Advertising Age in 2006, an Automotive News “All Star” in 2007 and honored at Industry Leader of the year.
Dragan Crnogorac is president of Joint Council of Municipalities, a "sui generis" body that aligns interests of Serb ethnic community in Osijek-Baranja and Vukovar-Syrmia County.
 Since October 2012 he is also a member of the Croatian Parliament.
 Over and above, he is also member of Independent Democratic Serb Party, Serbia-Croatia Intergovernmental Mixed Committee for Minorities, Assembly of Serb National Council, Croatian Radiotelevision program committee, Secretary of the Municipal Council of the Serbian national minority in Stari Jankovci municipality, president of local branch of Independent Democratic Serb Party in Stari Jankovci, Vice President of City Council of the City of Vukovar and member of County Council of the Serbian national minority of Vukovar-Syrmia County.
Cynthia C. Hogan (born Cincinnati, Ohio about 1958) is the Vice President for Public Policy and Government Affairs at Apple.
 Previously Hogan served as Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Government Affairs for the National Football League, and prior to that as the Counsel to the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, under President Barack Obama.
 Hogan previously worked as Chief Counsel to Vice President Biden during his time in the United States Senate and served as Staff Director of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
