The Materassi Sisters (Italian:Sorelle Materassi) is a 1944 Italian comedy film directed by Ferdinando Maria Poggioli and starring Emma Gramatica, Irma Gramatica and Olga Solbelli.
 The film is an adaptation of the 1934 novel of the same title by Aldo Palazzeschi.
Emma Gramatica (25 October 1874 – 8 November 1965), was an Italian stage and film actress.
 She appeared in 29 films between 1919 and 1962.
 She was born in Borgo San Donnino, today Fidenza, Province of Parma and died in Ostia.
Naples of Olden Times (Italy:Napoli d'altri tempi) is a 1938 Italian musical comedy film directed by Amleto Palermi and starring Vittorio De Sica, Emma Gramatica and Elisa Cegani.
 It was made at Cinecittà in Rome.
Irma Gramatica (1870–1962) was an Italian stage and film actress.
 Gramatica appeared in ten films during her career including "The Materassi Sisters" (1944).
 Her sisters Anna Capodaglio and Emma Gramatica were both actresses.
Born in Soave, at young age Stival started founded an amateur dramatics in which he served both as director and as actor.
 He made his professional debut in 1927, with the stage company led by Emma Gramatica.
Peppino e la vecchia signora (also known as "Peppino e la nobile dama") is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Emma Gramatica and Piero Ballerini.
The White Angel (Italian: L'angelo bianco) is a 1943 Italian drama film directed by Giulio Antamoro, Federico Sinibaldi and Ettore Giannini and starring  Emma Gramatica, Filippo Scelzo and Beatrice Mancini.
Miracle in Milan (Italian: Miracolo a Milano ) is a 1951 Italian film directed by Vittorio de Sica.
 The screenplay was co-written by Cesare Zavattini, based on his novel "Totò il Buono."
 The picture stars Francesco Golisano, Emma Gramatica, Paolo Stoppa, and Guglielmo Barnabò.
My Poor Beloved Mother (Spanish:Pobre mi madre querida) is a 1948 Argentine drama film directed by Homero Manzi and Ralph Pappier and starring Hugo del Carril, Emma Gramatica and Aída Luz.
 It was based on a tango of the same name by Pascual Contursi and José Betinotti.
Yes, Madam (Italian:Sissignora) is a 1942 Italian romance film directed by  Ferdinando Maria Poggioli and starring María Denis, Leonardo Cortese and Emma Gramatica.
