Ragini Shankar is an Indian violinist who performs Hindustani Classical Music and Fusion.
 She is the daughter of Dr. Sangeeta Shankar and granddaughter of the renowned Padmabhushan Dr. N. Rajam.
Nandini Shankar (born 1993) is an Indian violinist who performs Hindustani Classical Music and Fusion.
 She is the daughter of Dr. Sangeeta Shankar and granddaughter of the renowned Padmabhushan Dr. N. Rajam.
Viji Subramaniam, also known as Viji Shankar, was the daughter of noted North Indian singer Lakshmi Shankar<ref name="Das/BeyondBolly">Kavita Das, "Lakshmi Shankar: A Life Journey That Echoes Indian Music’s Journey to the West", smithsonianapa.org, 6 November 2013 (retrieved 7 June 2014).
</ref> and Rajendra Shankar, elder brother of sitarist Ravi Shankar.
 Like her mother and uncle, Viji was a musician and well-trained in both of the Indian classical systems.
"I Am Missing You" is a song by Indian musician Ravi Shankar, sung by his sister-in-law Lakshmi Shankar and released as the lead single from his 1974 album "Shankar Family & Friends".
 The song is a rare Shankar composition in the Western pop genre, with English lyrics, and was written as a love song to the Hindu god Krishna.
 The recording was produced and arranged by George Harrison, in a style similar to Phil Spector's signature sound, and it was the first single issued on Harrison's Dark Horse record label.
 Other contributing musicians include Tom Scott, Nicky Hopkins, Billy Preston, Ringo Starr and Jim Keltner.
 A second version appears on "Shankar Family & Friends", titled "I Am Missing You (Reprise)", featuring an arrangement closer to a folk ballad.
Lakshmi Shankar (born Lakshmi Sastri, 16 June 1926 – 30 December 2013) was a noted Hindustani classical vocalist of the Patiala Gharana.
 She was known for her performances of "khyal", "thumri", and "bhajans".
 She was the sister-in-law of sitar player Ravi Shankar and the mother-in-law of violinist L. Subramaniam (her daughter Viji (Vijayashree Shankar) Subramaniam being his first wife).
Thiramala (Malayalam: തിരമാല) is a 1953 Malayalam film directed by Vimal Kumar and P.R.S. Pillai, starring Sathyan, Kumari Thankam and Thomas Burleigh.
 The film has a significant place in the history of Malayalam cinema.
 Renowned filmmaker Ramu Kariat worked as an assistant director in this film.
 Noted Hindustani vocalist Lakshmi Shankar recorded a song for this film.
Shankar Nagarakatte (9 November 1954 – 30 September 1990), popularly known as Shankar Nag, was an acclaimed Indian film actor, screenwriter, director, producer and philanthropist who worked primarily in the Kannada film industry.
 Besides films, he established himself as a writer and actor in Television and theater.
 Widely acclaimed for his visionary filmmaking , he directed and acted in the most talked-about teleserial, "Malgudi Days", based on celebrated novelist R.K.Narayan's short stories.
 He co-wrote "22 June 1897", an Indian national award-winning Marathi film.
 He is the younger brother of actor Anant Nag.
Ravi Shankar's Festival from India is a double album by Indian musician and composer Ravi Shankar, released on World Pacific Records in December 1968.
 It contains studio recordings made by a large ensemble of performers, many of whom Shankar had brought to the United States from India.
 Among the musicians were Shivkumar Sharma, Jitendra Abhisheki, Palghat Raghu, Lakshmi Shankar, Aashish Khan and Alla Rakha.
 The project presented Indian classical music in an orchestral setting, so recalling Shankar's work as musical director of All India Radio in the years before he achieved international fame as a soloist during the 1960s.
Manoj George is an Indian violinist and a music composer.
 He performed as the conductor, string arranger, violinist and choral arranger for the album "Winds of Samsara", which won the Grammy Award for the Best New Age Album in 2015, making him the first Malayali musician to receive the honor.
 He is reported to be the first Indian violinist recognized by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences,The Grammys, USA.
Dr. Lakshminarayana Subramaniam (born 23 July 1947) is an acclaimed Indian violinist, composer and conductor, trained in the classical Carnatic music tradition and Western classical music, and renowned for his virtuoso playing techniques and compositions in orchestral fusion.
