The Black Stallion is a 1979 American film based on the 1941 classic children's novel "The Black Stallion" by Walter Farley.
 It tells the story of Alec Ramsey, who is shipwrecked on a deserted island with a wild Arabian stallion whom he befriends.
 After being rescued, they are set on entering a race challenging two champion horses.
Dylan Kussman (born January 21, 1971) is an American film and television writer and actor.
 He played the part of Richard Cameron in the 1989 film "Dead Poets Society" as well as Dr. Allen Painter in "The Way of the Gun" in 2000.
 He has also appeared in such films as "Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken", "Leatherheads", "X2", "Flight" and "Jack Reacher", and is the writer, director, and star of the online noir drama "The Steps".
 He also co-wrote the 2017 Tom Cruise film, "The Mummy".
Matt Williams (born in 1951) is an American television producer and television writer.
 He was the producer of the TV series "Home Improvement" and films such as "What Women Want", and has written for "The Cosby Show" and "A Different World" as well as writing the screenplay for "Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken".
 Williams also wrote for the TV series "Roseanne" but was fired after the 13th episode.
Young Black Brotha is the 1993 debut LP by Mac Dre, not to be confused with an earlier Mac Dre release, "Young Black Brotha (EP)".
 The album contains several new recordings as well as most of the tracks from the rapper's previous EP, "What's Really Going On?"
, and three tracks from the sessions for "Back N' Da Hood", including the full version of "My Chevy" featuring Mac Mall - the first 1 and a half minutes appeared on the original EP.
 Some of Mac Dre's vocals were recorded over the phone from prison, after being incarcerated for a string of bank robberies in 1992.
 "Young Black Brotha" peaked at #93 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, making it Mac Dre's commercially most successful work.
Black Stallion is a monster truck that races on the USHRA circuit and for other promoters.
 Black Stallion started out as a stock 1982 Ford F350 back in 1982, owned and modified by Michael Vaters.
 The first modification was a homemade 12" lift kit, since such kits were unavailable at the time.
 Mike then later added two sunroofs, an Alpine stereo system, a Ford 460 Engine, Rockwell 5 ton toploaders, Clark 20 ton planetaries, 66" terra tires, a 9" television and later on, a 1988 Ford F series front end.
 Between 1990 and 1991, Mike realized the future of monster trucks, which was racing.
 To be competitive, Mike replaced the leaf springs with airbags, the old heavy split ring rims with lightweight one piece rims, fiberglass body pieces, cutting the tires, gutting the interior out, 4 linking the truck and putting in a bigger engine.
 The modifications proved to be beneficial to Mike, with close races with First Blood, and competing in some Pendaliner Special Events racing events.
 After a violent rollover in Bloomsburg Pennsylvania in 1991, Mike decided to put King shocks on the truck, which he later added coil springs in 1992.
 Along with the coil springs, Mike also removed the airbags.
 Mike is credited as the first owner to use bypass shocks.
 Also for 1992, Mike changed the front clip to a 1992 Ford F-series front end.
 Mike rarely ran this truck after he built the popular Boogey Van in 1993, driven by his then wife, Pam Vaters.
 Due to this, the truck was nicknamed Rodney, after the comedian, Rodney Dangerfield.
 Mike then built a truck for the 1996 season for research and development, named Black Stallion 2000, since his crew members joked about Mike not building a new truck for himself until the new millennium.
 This chassis is still running strong to this day.
 For his 20th anniversary, Mike decided to repaint Black stallion, with the front of the truck yellow, going into black with a horse face painted on.
 The truck currently has the same paint scheme.
 The drivers for 2016 are Michael Vaters & Matt Cody.
 Vaters will compete in the Fox Sports 1 Championship Series.
 Cody will travel to Birmingham, Toronto, Newark, Charleston, Columbia, Worcester, Wheeling & Baton Rouge.
The Black Stallion, known as the Black or Shêtân, is the title character from author Walter Farley's bestselling series about the stallion and his young owner, Alec Ramsay.
 The series chronicles the story of an Arab sheikh's prized stallion after he comes into Alec's possession, although later books furnish the Black's backstory.
El Mokhtar (February 9, 1971 – December 31, 1983) was an Arabian horse, and one of three black Arabian stallions used to portray "The Black" in the second "Black Stallion" film, "The Black Stallion Returns."
The Black Stallion Returns is a 1983 film adaptation of the book of the same name by Walter Farley, and is a sequel to "The Black Stallion".
 It is directed by Robert Dalva and produced by Francis Ford Coppola for MGM/UA Entertainment Company.
 The movie stars Kelly Reno, Vincent Spano and Teri Garr.
 The portrayal of The Black was shared between Cass Ole, the horse from "The Black Stallion", and El Mokhtar.
Robert Dalva (born April 14, 1942 in New York City, USA) is a noted American film editor.
 Filmography as editor includes "The Black Stallion", "Raising Cain", "Jumanji", "Jurassic Park III" and "Hidalgo".
 Next to editing, he also directed movies, including "The Black Stallion Returns".
The Young Black Stallion is a 2003 made-for-IMAX family film from Walt Disney Pictures.
 Directed by Simon Wincer, the film is based on the 1989 novel of the same name by "Black Stallion" creator Walter Farley and his son Steven Farley.
 Noted for its beautiful scenery and wide-angle shots, the 50-minute film was shot on-location in the deserts of Namibia and South Africa.
 The film stars as Neera, a young girl who befriends a young black stallion, and Patrick Elyas as Aden, although his voice was dubbed by Eric Grucza, who, for his uncredited performance was nominated in 2004 for the Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a Voice-Over Role.
