In Norse mythology, a dís ("lady", plural dísir) is a ghost, spirit or deity associated with fate who can be either benevolent or antagonistic towards mortals.
 Dísir may act as protective spirits of Norse clans.
 Their original function was possibly that of fertility goddesses who were the object of both private and official worship called dísablót, and their veneration may derive from the worship of the spirits of the dead.
 The dísir, like the valkyries, norns, and vættir, are almost always referred to collectively.
 The North Germanic dísir and West Germanic Idisi are believed by some scholars to be related due to linguistic and mythological similarities, but the direct evidence of Anglo-Saxon and Continental German mythology is limited.
 The dísir play roles in Norse texts that resemble those of fylgjur, valkyries, and norns, so that some have suggested that dísir is a broad term including the other beings.
The Nordic Passport Union allows citizens of the Nordic countriesIceland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Finlandto travel and reside in another Nordic country (excluding Greenland and Svalbard) without any travel documentation (e.g. a passport or national identity card) or a residence permit.
 Since 25 March 2001, all five states have also been within the Schengen Area.
 The Faroe Islands are part of the Nordic Passport Union but not the Schengen Area, while Greenland and Svalbard are outside both.
Ghost riding, frequently used in the context of "ghost riding the whip" (a "whip" being a vehicle) or simply ghostin', is when a person exits their moving vehicle, and dances beside and around it.
 Ghost riding is also another term used for car surfing, and the term is also occasionally used to describe a moving vehicle with no occupant, such as when a car without the hand brake applied starts to roll down an incline.
 Ghostin' originated on the West Coast of the United States, primarily in California.
 It gets its name from the fact that while the driver is dancing beside the moving vehicle, it appears that the vehicle is being driven by an invisible driver.
The pontianak (Dutch-Indonesian spelling: "boentianak", Jawi: ڤونتيانق) is a female vampiric ghost in Malaysian and Indonesian mythology.
 It is also known as a matianak or kuntilanak, sometimes shortened to kunti.
 Pontianak is called Churel, or Churayl, in Bangladesh, India, and Pakistan.
 The pontianak are said to be the spirits of women who died while pregnant.
 This is despite the fact that the earliest recordings of pontianaks in Malay lore describe the ghost as originating from a stillborn child.
 This is often confused with a related creature, the lang suir, which is the ghost of a woman who died while giving birth.
 The word "pontianak" is reportedly a corruption of the Malaysian "perempuan mati beranak", or “woman who died in childbirth”.
 Another theory is that the word is a combination of "puan" (woman) + "mati" (die) + "anak" (child).
 The term "matianak" means "death of a child".
 The city of Pontianak in Indonesia is named after this wicked creature, which was claimed to have haunted the first sultan who once settled there.
Murat Gülsoy (born 1967) is a Turkish writer.
 He started his literary career as a publisher and a writer of the bimonthly magazine "Hayalet Gemi" (Ghost Ship) in 1992.
 His works explore the metafictive potential of postmodern self-consciousness with ‘page turning’ plots.
 He also produced interactive hypertext works on internet exploring new ways of narrative.
 Gülsoy has published 18 books in Turkey so far.
 Besides short stories, he has eight novels addressing modern masters Kafka, Borges, Eco, Laurence Sterne, Fowles and Orhan Pamuk.
 He is the recipient of some of the most prestigious national literary awards.
 He conducts creative writing workshops since 2004.
 Besides being a writer, he is also a professor with Bogazici University at Institute of Biomedical Engineering.
 He is the head of the editorial board of Bogazici University Press and director of Bogazici University Nazım Hikmet Culture and Art Research Center.
 "Stehlen Sie dieses Buch" is his first book to be translated into German (Literaturca Verlag).
 His novels are published in English, Macedonian, Arabics, Bulgarian, Albanian and Chinese.
 His 2000 Sait Faik Award-winning book "Bu Kitabı Çalın" (Steal This Book) ironically "borrows" (or steals) its name from Abbie Hoffman's 1971 book "Steal This Book" and it is referred in the book as a postmodern parody.
Knowledge inertia (KI) is a concept in knowledge management.
 The term initially proposed by Liao (2002) constitutes a two dimensional model of knowledge inertia which incorporates experience inertia and learning inertia.
 Later, another dimension—the dimension of thinking inertia has been added based on the theoretical exploration of the existing concepts of experience inertia and learning inertia.
 One of the central problems in knowledge management related to organizational learning is to deal with “inertia”.
 Besides, individuals may also exhibit a natural tendency of inertia when facing problems during utilization of knowledge.
 Inertia in technical jargon means inactivity or torpor.
 Inertia in organizational learning context may be referred to as a slowdown in organizational learning-related activities.
 In fact, there are many other kinds of organizational inertia; e.g., innovation inertia, workforce inertia, productivity inertia, decision inertia, emotional inertia besides others that have different meanings in their own individual contexts.
 Some organization theorists have adopted the definition proposed by Liao (2002) to extend its further use in organizational learning studies.
Scandinavian studies is an interdisciplinary academic field of area studies, mainly in the United States and Germany, that covers topics related to Scandinavia and the Nordic countries, including languages, literatures, histories, cultures and societies.
 The term Scandinavia mainly refers to Denmark, Norway and Sweden, although the term "Scandinavian" in an ethnic, cultural and linguistic sense also refers to the peoples and languages of the Faroe Islands and Iceland, and the Scandinavian-speaking (that is, Swedish-speaking) minority in Finland.
 Scandinavian studies does not exist as a separate field within Scandinavia or the Nordic countries themselves, as its scope would be considered far too broad to be treated meaningfully within a single discipline.
 The closest related field in Scandinavia would be the more narrow discipline of "Nordic linguistics", which covers North Germanic languages.
 A major focus of Scandinavian studies is the teaching of Scandinavian languages, especially the three large languages Danish, Norwegian and Swedish.
Traditional Nordic dance music is a type of traditional music or folk music that once was common in the mainland part of the Nordic countries — Scandinavia plus Finland.
 The person who plays this kind of music might be called "speleman" (Swedish/Norwegian), "spelman" (Swedish), "spel(l)emann" (Norwegian), "pelimanni" (Finnish) or "spillemand" (Danish).
 Finnish traditional dance music is often called "pelimanni music" in English, while there does not seem to exist a similar, widespread term for the corresponding music from the other countries.
 It is often more meaningful to distinguish between the traditional dance music from different regions than between music from the countries as such.
 Some concepts in the field can be defined as Norwegian or Finnish, but most are either common to all four countries or local.
 Besides the dance music tradition, all countries also have other traditions of folk music that are not shared to a similar extent.
Nordic folk music includes a number of traditions in Northern European, especially Scandinavian, countries.
 The Nordic countries are generally taken to include Iceland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland.
 The Nordic Council, an international organization, also includes the autonomous territories of Åland, Greenland and the Faroe Islands.
 Historically, the term "Nordic" was also applied to Baltic countries of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
The Greenland Sea is a body of water that borders Greenland to the west, the Svalbard archipelago to the east, Fram Strait and the Arctic Ocean to the north, and the Norwegian Sea and Iceland to the south.
 The Greenland Sea is often defined as part of the Arctic Ocean, sometimes as part of the Atlantic Ocean.
 However, definitions of the Arctic Ocean and its seas tend to be imprecise or arbitrary.
 In general usage the term "Arctic Ocean" would exclude the Greenland Sea.
 In oceanographic studies the Greenland Sea is considered part of the Nordic Seas, along with the Norwegian Sea.
 The Nordic Seas are the main connection between the Arctic and Atlantic oceans and, as such, could be of great significance in a possible shutdown of thermohaline circulation.
 In oceanography the Arctic Ocean and Nordic Seas are often referred to collectively as the "Arctic Mediterranean Sea", a marginal sea of the Atlantic.
