Dova Haw, also known as Crab Island, is a small islet that is one of the Islands of Furness.
 It is a small tidal island off the coast of Cumbria, England, 0.3 mi from Barrow Island and 0.6 mi from Walney Island, adjacent to the town of Barrow-in-Furness.
 Previously, Dova Haw was the site of an oil lamp lighthouse built from stone, whose foundations are still visible.
 Also known as Crab Island people back in the past went crab fishing there.
Nostie (Scottish Gaelic: "Ceann na Mòna" ) is a small remote hamlet, lying on Nostie Bay, an inlet at the northeastern end of the sea loch, Loch Alsh in the Scottish Highlands and is in the council area of Highland.
 Nostie lies a short distance from one of Scotland's popular tourist attractions, Eilean Donan Castle.
Tourism in Benin is a small industry.
 In 1996, Benin had approximately 150,000 tourists.
 A small country with a high concentration of tourist attractions, Benin's national parks and culture are among its main tourist attractions.
 Abomey is one of Benin's main tourist attractions, with palaces that became a World Heritage Site in 1982.
 The capital city Porto Novo's attractions include its museums and architecture.
Little Cumbrae Castle sits on Allimturrail (the islet of the noble's tower) or Castle Island, a small tidal island, situated off the east coast of Little Cumbrae, in the Firth of Clyde.
St Patrick's Isle (Manx: "Ynnys Pherick" ) is a small tidal island off the Isle of Man in the Irish Sea, largely occupied by Peel Castle and noted for its attractive and relatively well preserved historic castle ruins.
Castle Island (Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean a' Chaisteil" ) or Allimturrail is a small tidal island, lying off the east coast of Little Cumbrae, and to the west of Trail Island, in the Firth of Clyde.
 It is joined to Little Cumbrae at low tide.
Sully Island (Welsh: Ynys Sili) is a small tidal island and Site of Special Scientific Interest at the hamlet of Swanbridge, Vale of Glamorgan, 400 yards off the northern coast of the Bristol Channel, midway between the towns of Penarth and Barry and 7 miles (11 kilometres) south of the Welsh capital city of Cardiff.
 Access to the island is on foot at low tide from the car park of the "Captain's Wife" public house.
 It is 14 and a half acres in extent and is one of 43 (unbridged) tidal islands which can be reached on foot from the mainland of England, Wales or Scotland.
Eilean Donan (Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean Donnain" ) is a small tidal island where three sea lochs meet, Loch Duich, Loch Long and Loch Alsh, in the western Highlands of Scotland.
 A picturesque castle that frequently appears in photographs, film and television dominates the island, which lies about 1 km from the village of Dornie.
 Since the castle's restoration in the early 20th century, a footbridge has connected the island to the mainland.
Asparagus Island is a small tidal island on the eastern side of Mount's Bay, within the parish of Mullion, Cornwall, United Kingdom.
 It lies within Kynance Cove, a popular tourist site on the western side of The Lizard peninsula and is named after the rare wild asparagus ("Asparagus prostratus") found there.
St Catherine's Island (Welsh: "Ynys Catrin") is a small tidal island linked to Tenby in Pembrokeshire, Wales, by Castle beach at low tide.
 The island, which is known colloquially as St Catherine's Rock, is the location of St Catherine's Fort.
