Bracebridge Heath is a commuter village located approximately 2 mi south from the city and county town of Lincoln, England.
 It lies at the junction of two major roads the A15 to Sleaford and the A607 to Grantham, and was (until modern systems of local government were introduced in the 19th century) part of the Boothby Graffoe Wapentake.
 The village sits on top of Lincoln Cliff, overlooking Lincoln and the valley of the River Witham.
 The Viking Way runs along the cliff top, a 147 mi long footpath, which runs from the Humber Bridge to Oakham.
 Its population at the 2001 census was 4,530, increasing to 5,656 at the 2011 census.
Backford Cross is a village on the Wirral Peninsula, Cheshire, England.
 It is a suburb of the town of Ellesmere Port and part of Cheshire West and Chester.
 Backford Cross is located around the A41/A5117 junction, south of Great Sutton and about 1.5 mi north of the village of Backford, near Chester.
 Backford Cross is largely made up of residential homes built from 1990 onwards and serves as a commuter village to Ellesmere Port and Chester, although inhabitants show no allegiance to either locality.
 The area is split between postcode districts, with parts of the village in Great Sutton, Ellesmere Port CH66 and other areas in Backford, Chester CH1.
Markfield is a commuter village in both the National Forest and Charnwood Forest and in the Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England.
 The settlement dates back to at least the time of the Norman conquest and is mentioned in the Domesday Book under the name Merchenefeld.
 A variant of this is still used as the name for the village primary school, Mercenfeld.
 It is to the south-east of Junction 22 of the M1, and to the south of the A50.
 The highest point in Markfield is shown on OS sheet 129 at 222 metres above sea level.
 Nearby places are Newtown Linford, Groby, Field Head, and Stanton under Bardon.
 In the 1841 census its population was recorded at 1,203.
 In the 2011 census the parish had a population of 5681.
 Markfield is within the LE67 postcode district.
 In 2012 Hinckley & Bosworth Borough Council published an overview of Markfield conservation area.
Woodhouse, often known to locals as Old Woodhouse, is a small village in the heart of Charnwood, England.
 The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 2,319, including around 300 term-time boarders at the Defence College.
 Located between the larger Woodhouse Eaves and Quorn villages, the village contains a mixture of small cottages and large modern houses.
 It is a commuter village for both Leicester and Loughborough, as well as further afield.
The Robey-Peters Gun-Carrier was a British three-seater armed tractor biplane designed and built by Robey & Company Limited at Bracebridge Heath, Lincoln for the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS).
Whetstone is a village and civil parish in the Blaby district of Leicestershire, England.
 It has a population of 12,000 and largely acts as a commuter village for Leicester, five miles to the north.
 The population at the 2011 census was 6,556.
 Its proximity to Leicester causes Whetstone to form part of the Leicester Urban Area.
Woodbury is a village and civil parish in East Devon in the English county of Devon, 7 mi south east of the city of Exeter.
 It is a commuter village and is primarily residential, since the majority of the workforce commute to Exeter.
 The parish, which has a population of 3,466 recounted for the village alone of 1,605 at the 2011 Census, lies on the east bank of the Exe Estuary, has borders – clockwise from the estuary – with the district of Exeter (near to Topsham) and then the parishes of Clyst St George, Clyst St Mary, Farringdon, Colaton Raleigh, Bicton and Lympstone.
 "Woodbury" is part of the electoral ward of "Woodbury" and Lympstone whose population at the 2011 Census was 5,260.
Wood End is an old mining village in North Warwickshire, England.
 It lies to the south east of Tamworth and close to the border with Staffordshire.
 It grew around the former Kingsbury Colliery but now it serves as a commuter village to Tamworth.
 It has a church, a primary school, a co-operative store, a working men's club and a village hall.
 The population of Wood End is 2,205, but from the 2011 Census has been included in Kingsbury, Warwickshire.
Newbold Verdon is a village and civil parish in the county of Leicestershire, England.
 The parish includes Newbold Heath to the north and Brascote to the south.
 Originally an agricultural centre Newbold Verdon grew in size during the 1850s with the expansion of coal mining in the area.
 That industry has now ceased leaving Newbold Verdon as primarily a commuter village.
 The 2001 census recorded a population of 3,193, reducing to 3,012 at the 2011 census.
Waddington is a large rural commuter village and civil parish in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England, situated approximately 4 mi south of Lincoln on the A607 Grantham Road.
 The village is known for its association with RAF Waddington.
 At the 2001 Census Waddington had a population of 6,086, increasing to 6,122 at the 2011 census.
