Isobel Pravda is an English actress and the granddaughter of Czech actors George Pravda and Hana Maria Pravda.
Pravda.ru (formerly Pravda Online) is a Russian internet news website established in 1999 and owned by Pravda.ru Holding (headed by Vadim Gorshenin).
"Truth prevails" (Czech: "Pravda vítězí" , Slovak: "Pravda víťazí" , Latin: "Veritas vincit" ) was a motto inscribed on the banner of the President of Czechoslovakia, still used today on the banner of the President of the Czech Republic.
 The banner of the President is one of the national symbols according to the Czech Constitution.
 The phrase also appears along the base of the Jan Hus Memorial in Prague.
 The motto is believed to be derived from Jan Hus' phrase "Seek the truth, hear the truth, learn the truth, love the truth, speak the truth, hold the truth and defend the truth until death".
 "Truth prevails" was adopted as motto by the first President of Czechoslovakia Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk in 1918 and then echoed in Václav Havel's notion of "life in truth" and in his famous statement "Truth and love must prevail over lies and hatred" (Czech: "Pravda a láska musí zvítězit nad lží a nenávistí" ).
 The Latin version "Veritas vincit" was in use on the presidential banner from 1990 to 1992 as a linguistically neutral compromise reached between the Czech and Slovak political representation.
Worker's Truth (Rabochaya Pravda) was Russian socialist opposition group which was founded in 1921.
 They published "Rabochaya Pravda", an eponymous newspaper, which first appeared in September 1921.
Pravda Pyat (Russian: правда пять or "Truth Five") is a weekly Russian tabloid news publication that was a spin-off from "Pravda".
 It was founded by Greek entrepreneurs Christos Giannikos and Fyodoros Giannikos of Pravda International in 1996.
 The magazine replaced "Pravda" when that publication ceased operations.
 Its intended audience was younger readers, and coverage was more sensationalistic than "Pravda", focusing on crime and scandals.
Steamer "Pravda" was a Soviet merchant freighter of about 3,100 tonnes displacement, which was active in the Soviet Arctic during the 1930s.
 This ship had been normally used for carrying timber.
 It was named after Soviet newspaper "Pravda".
Russkaya Pravda (English: Rus' Justice or Rus’ Truth [Law] ; Old East Slavic: Правда роусьскаꙗ , "Pravda Rusĭskaya" (13th century, 1280), Правда Руськая, "Pravda Rus'kaya" (second half of the 15th century); Russian: Русская правда , "Russkaya Pravda"; Ukrainian: Руська Правда, "Rus'ka Pravda" ) was the legal code of Kievan Rus' and the subsequent Rus' principalities during the times of feudal division.
 It was written at the beginning of the 12th century and remade during many centuries.
 The basis of the Russkaya Pravda, Pravda of Yaroslav was written at the beginning of the 11th century.
 Russkaya Pravda was a main source of Old Russian Law.
Bednota (Russian: Беднота , or "poverty") was a daily newspaper for peasants, issued by Central Committee of the Communist Party in Moscow, Russia, from March 1918 till January 1931.
 Its predecessors were newspapers "Derevenskaya Bednota" (Rural Poverty), "Soldatskaya Pravda" (Soldier's Truth, printed in Petrograd), "Derevenskaya Pravda" (printed in Moscow).
 During the Russian civil war "Bednota" was the Red Army's paper as well – nearly half the print was sent to the army (by 1919 the distribution was 750,000).
Pravda is a satirical play by David Hare and Howard Brenton exploring the role of journalism in society.
 It was first produced at the National Theatre in London on 2 May 1985, directed by Hare and starring Anthony Hopkins in the role of Lambert Le Roux, white South African media mogul.
 It is a satire on the mid-1980s newspaper industry, in particular the Australian media and press baron Rupert Murdoch.
 Its title refers to the Russian Communist party newspaper "Pravda".
José Cura (born December 5, 1962 in Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentine operatic tenor, conductor, director, scenographer and photographer known for intense and original interpretations of opera characters, notably "Otello" in Verdi’s "Otello", "Samson" in Saint-Saëns’ "Samson et Dalila", "Canio" in Ruggero Leoncavallo's "Pagliacci", "Stiffelio" in Giuseppe Verdi's "Stiffelio" and many others.
