Abbott Medical Optics Inc. earlier known as Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (also known as AMO) is a global medical supply company.
 Products in the ophthalmic surgical line include intraocular lenses, laser vision correction systems, phacoemulsification systems, viscoelastics, microkeratomes and related products used in cataract and refractive surgery.
 AMO is based in Santa Ana, California, and employs approximately 4,200 worldwide.
 The company has operations in 24 countries and markets products in approximately 60 countries.
 In February 27, 2017, Abbott Medical Optics has changed its name to Johnson & Johnson Vision following its $4.3 billion acquisition by Johnson & Johnson.
In physics, physical optics, or wave optics, is the branch of optics that studies interference, diffraction, polarization, and other phenomena for which the ray approximation of geometric optics is not valid.
 This usage tends not to include effects such as quantum noise in optical communication, which is studied in the sub-branch of coherence theory.
All-purpose yards or all-purpose yardage is an American football and Canadian football statistical measure.
 It is virtually the same as the statistic that some football leagues refer to as combined net yards.
 In the game of football, progress is measured by advancing the football towards the opposing team's goal line.
 Progress can be made during play by the offensive team by advancing the ball from its point of progress at the start of play known as the line of scrimmage or by the defensive team after taking possession of the football via a change of possession (such as punt, kickoff, interception, punt block, blocked kick or fumble).
 When the offensive team advances the ball by rushing the football, the player who carries the ball is given credit for the difference in progress measured in rushing yards.
 When the offensive team advances the ball by pass reception, the player who catches the reception is given credit for the difference in progress measured in reception yards.
 Although the ball may also be advanced by penalty, these yards are not considered all-purpose yards.
 Progress lost via quarterback sacks is classified variously.
 Thus, all-purpose yards is a combined total of rushing yards, receiving yards, and all forms of return yards only.
 Some sources do not specify which types of return yards count toward this total because the most common forms of return yards are kick and punt return yards.
Illusion optics is an electromagnetic theory that can change the optical appearance of an object to be exactly like that of another virtual object, i.e. an illusion, such as turning the look of an apple into that of a banana.
 Invisibility is a special case of illusion optics, which turns objects into illusions of free space.
 The concept and numerical proof of illusion optics was proposed in 2009 based on transformation optics in the field of metamaterials.
 It is a scientific disproof of the idiom 'Seeing is Believing'.
The International Commission for Optics (ICO) was created in 1947 with the objective to contribute, on an international basis, to the progress and dissemination of the science of optics and photonics and their applications.
 It emphasises the unity of the crossdisciplinary field of optics.
Optics began with the development of lenses by the ancient Egyptians and Mesopotamians, followed by theories on light and vision developed by ancient Greek philosophers, and the development of geometrical optics in the Greco-Roman world.
 The word "optics" is derived from the Greek term "τα ὀπτικά" meaning "appearance, look".
 Optics was significantly reformed by the developments in the medieval Islamic world, such as the beginnings of physical and physiological optics, and then significantly advanced in early modern Europe, where diffractive optics began.
 These earlier studies on optics are now known as "classical optics".
 The term "modern optics" refers to areas of optical research that largely developed in the 20th century, such as wave optics and quantum optics.
IntraLase was a company based in Irvine, California, producing lasers for the medical industry and for eye surgery.
 In March 2007, it was acquired by Advanced Medical Optics for $808 million in cash.
 Advanced Medical Optics was acquired by Abbott Laboratories in February 2009.
 The femtosecond laser, developed by IntraLase corporation and now owned by AMO, is trademarked under the name IntraLase.
 It is used to perform IntraLASIK eye surgery.
Illusion optics is an electromagnetic theory that can change the optical appearance of an object to be exactly like that of another virtual object, i.e. an illusion, such as turning the look of an apple into that of a banana.
 Invisibility is a special case of illusion optics, which turns objects into illusions of free space.
 The concept and numerical proof of illusion optics was proposed in 2009 based on transformation optics in the field of metamaterials.
Optics Software for Layout and Optimization (OSLO) is an optical design program originally developed at the University of Rochester in the 1970s.
 The first commercial version was produced in 1976 by Sinclair Optics.
 Since then, OSLO has been rewritten several times as computer technology has advanced.
 In 1993, Sinclair Optics acquired the GENII program for optical design, and many of the features of GENII are now included in OSLO.
 Lambda Research Corporation (Littleton MA) purchased the program from Sinclair Optics in 2001.
Yards from scrimmage is an American football and Canadian football statistical measure.
 In the game of football, progress is measured by advancing the football towards the opposing team's goal line.
 Progress can be made during play by the offensive team by advancing the ball from the point of progress at the start of play known as the line of scrimmage.
 When the offensive team advances the ball by rushing the football, the player who carries the ball is given credit for the difference in progress measured in rushing yards.
 When the offensive team advances the ball by pass reception, the player who catches the reception is given credit for the difference in progress measured in reception yards.
 Although the ball may also be advanced by penalty these yards are not considered yards from scrimmage.
 Progress lost via quarterback sacks are classified variously by league of play with rules having changed over time within some leagues.
 The total of rushing yards and receiving yards is known as yards from scrimmage.
 This definition of yardage differs from total offense which gives credit for passing yardage to the person throwing the football rather than receiving the football.
