Listen Without Prejudice is the debut international studio album and sixth studio album in overall of Filipino singer-actress Regine Velasquez.
 It was released on 1994 through Mercury Records, making her the second Filipino artist to be signed on an international record label (the first being Lea Salonga though Atlantic Records in 1993).
"I'll Be Alright" (French: "Juste avant toi") is a song recorded by Indonesian singer Anggun for the special edition of her third international studio album "Luminescence".
 It was written by the singer alongside Evelyne Kral, Alice L.B., and Cyril Paulus, and was produced by FB Cool and SDO.
 "I'll Be Alright" was released as the fourth single from the album for international market, while "Juste avant toi" was released as the third single in France and French-speaking countries.
Snow on the Sahara (English version) / Au nom de la lune (French version) is the first international studio album by Indonesian singer Anggun.
 The French version was first released in France on 24 June 1997 by Columbia Records, while the English version was later released internationally by major label Sony Music Entertainment in 33 countries throughout Asia, Europe, and America between late 1997 to early 1999.
 Having various editions with different track listing and artwork, the album was also marketed as Anggun's self-titled album in several countries, such as Indonesia and Japan.
 The album was a huge artistic departure to Anggun's earlier rock style, experimenting with world music sounds.
"Snow on the Sahara" is a song by Indonesian singer Anggun from her first international studio album "Snow on the Sahara".
 Written originally in French by Erick Benzi titled "La neige au Sahara", the song was adapted to English by Nikki Matheson.
 The French version was recorded for Anggun's first French album "Au nom de la lune".
 The song was released in 1997 as her debut international single in 33 countries worldwide.
 It topped the charts in Italy, Spain and several countries in Asia.
 The French version quickly became a hit in France, peaking at number 1 on the French Airplay Chart and number 16 on the French Singles Chart.
 It became the most-played single in France of 1997, with a total of 7,900 radio airplays, and was certified gold for shipment of 250,000 copies.
 While In Italy, it sold 100,000 copies.
"Louder" is the second single of Filipino pop and R&B singer Jake Zyrus from her second international studio album "Infinity" released on May 20, 2011, ahead of its planned May 30 release.
 It was credited under the name Charice, a name Zyrus used prior to his gender transition.
 This song was written by Daniel Jamas, Leah Haywood, Shelly Peiken and produced by Dreamlab.
The discography of Jake Zyrus, a Filipino singer, consists of two studio albums, two extended plays (EP), four singles, six promotional singles, and six music videos.
 Jake recorded under the name Charice before coming out in 2017 as a transgender man .
 In 2008, Zyrus released his debut EP under Star Records entitled "Charice", which was certified platinum.
 In 2009, he released his first full studio album, the Philippines-exclusive "My Inspiration", which was also certified platinum.
Chapters is the third international studio album by Malaysian singer-songwriter, Yuna released on May 20, 2016, through Verve Records.
 The album is the follow-up to her second international studio album "Nocturnal" (2013), and features guest appearances from Usher and Jhené Aiko.
 "Chapters" made its way to the top 10 of the Billboard’s Best R&B Albums of 2016: Critic’s Picks and Rolling Stone's 20 Best R&B Albums of 2016.
Infinity (stylized as ∞) is the second international studio album (fifth overall release) by Filipino pop and R&B singer Jake Zyrus.
 The album was released exclusively early in Japan on October 5, 2011 by Warner Bros.
 Records.
 The album was credited under the name Charice, Zyrus' name prior to his gender transition.
The albums discography of Wanda Jackson, an American recording artist, consists of forty-five studio albums, one international studio album, seven tribute and cover albums, four live albums, twenty-one compilation albums, and two box sets.
 In 1954 at age sixteen, Jackson signed with Decca Records as a country music artist.
 The label did not issue a record until the 1962 compilation "Lovin' Country Style", six years after Jackson left Decca.
 She signed with Capitol Records in 1956, and her self-titled debut studio album was released three years later.
 Although Jackson had recently been identifying herself as a rock-and-roll performer, the album consisted of country music recordings.
 However, it did contain Jackson's future rock-and-roll hit "Let's Have a Party", which was a hit in 1960, reaching the Top 40 on the Billboard Pop chart.
 The success of her rock-and-roll recordings led to the release of two more rock-and-roll studio LPs: "Rockin' with Wanda" (1960) and "There's a Party Goin' On" (1961).
 Additionally, Capitol issued two "split" studio albums ("Right or Wrong" and "Two Sides of Wanda") which contained rock and roll on one side and country music on the other.
Charice is the first international studio album (third overall release) by Filipino pop singer Jake Zyrus.
 It was released on May 11, 2010, under Reprise Records, making her the third Filipino singer to be signed on an international record label, the first being Lea Salonga (on Atlantic Records in 1993) and Regine Velasquez (on Mercury Records in 1994).
 It was released prior to Zyrus' gender transition thus the eponymous album is credited under his former name, Charice.
