The Israelites of the New Universal Pact are a South American religious sect, mostly concentrated in Peru.
 The evangelical Christian sect was founded in the Junin province of Peru in 1960 by Ezequiel Ataucusi Gamonal, following a break with the Seventh Day Adventist church of which he and his followers had been members., The end-times sect, which postulates Peru as a promised land, and its founder as the messiah, has gained a large following among indigenous people of the Peruvian jungle.
Erik Wickberg (July 6, 1904 – April 26, 1996) was the 9th General of The Salvation Army (1969-1974).
The Restoration Branches movement is a Christian/Latter Day Saint religious sect which was formed in the 1980s by members of the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (RLDS) in a reaction against the events of the RLDS 1984 world conference.
 The movement holds in the traditional RLDS theology of the 19th and early-to-mid 20th centuries and hold that events leading up to and surrounding the 1980s and decades since have introduced sweeping, fundamental changes into RLDS doctrine and practice which are illegitimate because they contradict the long-standing RLDS theological tradition this sect holds as true.
The Healing Church in Rhode Island is a Rhode Island-based religious sect whose adherents believe that cannabis (or marijuana) is a "holy herb" and use it in religious rituals.
 Leaders of the group attracted attention in 2015 for attempting to smoke marijuana in front of the Roger Williams National Memorial (a memorial to Roger Williams, a pioneer of religious freedom and one of the smallest National Parks) as part of a religious service.
 One of the church members said that bhang was consumed during the service on federal property, to avoid a no-smoking rule.
 The following year, two leaders of the group were arrested and charged in connection with a marijuana grow operation.
 Days before the arrest, the pair had filed a lawsuit in federal district court, contending that enforcement of state anti-marijuana laws against those who use marijuana for religious purposes violates the U.S. Constitution.
Kakuouzan Nittai-ji (Japanese:覚王山日泰寺, Japan-Thailand Temple) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Nagoya, Aichi prefecture, Japan.
 Nittai-ji was built in 1904 in order to keep the ashes of Buddha, which the Kingdom of Thailand gave to Japan. ”
覚王” means Buddha and “日泰” means Japan and the Kingdom of Thailand in Japanese.
 Usually, each temple in Japan belongs to a religious sect.
 However, Nittai-ji doesn’t belong to any religious sect.
 Every three years, 19 religious sects take their turn to dispatch a chief priest to Nittai-ji.
 Usually, the ambassador of the Kingdom of Thailand visits Nittai-ji on his birthday.
The Church of the Highest Supreme (太上会 "Tàishànghuì"; or "Most Supreme", "Most High"; also known as 太上门 "Tàishàngmén", the "Gate of the Highest Supreme") is a Chinese folk religious sect of northern China.
 The origins of the sect are obscure, although Thomas David Dubois traces it to the theological tradition of the networks of Hongyangism (弘阳教), another northern folk religious sect which has been officially registered under the auspices of the Chinese Taoist Association since the 1990s.
Convulsionnaires of Saint-Médard was a group of 18th-century French religious pilgrims who exhibited convulsions and later constituted a religious sect and a political movement.
 This practice originated at the tomb of François de Pâris, an ascetic Jansenist deacon who was buried at the cemetery of the parish of Saint-Médard in Paris.
 The convulsionnaires were associated with the Jansenist movement, which became more politically active after the papal bull "Unigenitus" officially banned the sect.
The Korpela movement, or Siikavaara sect, was a religious sect started by Laestadian preacher Toivo Korpela in Sweden during the 1920s.
 It saw its decline later during the next decade as its practices involved heavy drinking and unconventional sexual activities toward the end of its existence, which subsequently led to the conviction of 60 of its followers.
Originated in Zimbabwe in 1931, Jowane Masowe Chishanu is a religious sect formed in 1931 by Shonhiwa Masedza.
 The sect has approximately six million followers.
Huazhaidao (华斋道 "Way of Flowers and Fasting") is a Chinese folk religious sect of Henan that as of the 1980s was a proscribed religion in China as testified by the arrest of various Communist Party members who joined the sect in those years.
