Necrodome is a 1996 first-person vehicular combat game developed by Raven Software and published by Strategic Simulations.
 It supports online multiplayer matches.
 The game was unique in that it offered arena based car combat, first person driving, and the ability to exit the vehicle and do battle on foot.
 When on foot, the player has access to a tribarrel shotgun and the ability to hijack damaged opponents.
Star Wars: Demolition is a vehicular combat game set in the Star Wars universe created by both Luxoflux and LucasArts using the "Vigilante 8" game engine.
 Its premise is that the Galactic Empire declares they've officially banned Jabba the Hutt's podraces.
 Jabba creates a more life-threatening vehicular combat contest to replace the sport of podracing.
 The game was released on both the Sony PlayStation and the Sega Dreamcast; PlayStation on November 12, 2000 and Dreamcast on November 19, 2000.
The Namco Pac-Man was an 8-bit arcade game system board that was first used by Namco in 1980; the second and third games to run on it, "Rally-X" and "New Rally-X", were modified to support a larger color palette and scrolling.
 Three unauthorized "Pac-Man" sequels were later developed by Bally Midway, Namco's old US distributor, on this board between 1981 and 1983 - and after Namco ended its partnership with Bally Midway after the release of "Pac-Land" in 1984, it developed "Jump Shot" (a basketball simulation) and "Shoot the Bull" (a darts game) on it, in the following year.
Jr.
 Pac-Man is an arcade game, released by Bally Midway on January 1, 1983.
 It is based on "Pac-Man" and its derivatives but, like "Ms. Pac-Man", "Baby Pac-Man", and "Pac-Man Plus", was created without the authorization of Namco.
 This was one of several games that would eventually lead to the termination of the licensing agreement between Namco and Bally Midway in 1984.
R.C. Pro-Am is a racing video game developed by Rare.
 It was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) by Nintendo for North America in March 1988, and then in Europe on April 15 of the same year.
 Presented in an overhead isometric perspective, a single player races a radio-controlled car around a series of tracks.
 The objective of each track is to qualify for the next race by placing in the top three racers.
 Players collect items to improve performance, and they must avoid a variety of hazards such as rain puddles and oil slicks.
 It is an example of a racing game which features vehicular combat, in which racers can use missiles and bombs to temporarily disable opposing vehicles.
 Originally titled "Pro Am Racing", "R.C. Pro-Am" was also ported to the Sega Genesis in 1992 as "Championship Pro-Am", an enhanced remake with enhanced graphics and additional features.
 "R.C. Pro-Am" was followed by two sequels: "Super R.C. Pro-Am" in 1991, and "R.C. Pro-Am II" in 1992.
Professor Pac-Man is a quiz arcade game that was produced by Bally Midway and is the seventh title in the "Pac-Man" series of games, which was released in August 1983.
 Like "Ms. Pac-Man", "Pac-Man Plus", "Baby Pac-Man" and "Jr.
 Pac-Man", it was created without authorization of Namco, who are the original creators of the "Pac-Man" series.
 It is also the last of only seven games from Bally Midway Manufacturing to run on their Midway Astrocade hardware.
Jak X: Combat Racing (Jak X in Europe, Australia and Africa) is a vehicular combat game video game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2.
 The game was developed for 11 months with a budget of $10 million, and was first released in North America on October 18, 2005, then in Australia on October 26, 2005 and then in Europe on November 4, 2005.
 This is the fourth installment into the "Jak and Daxter" series, and the last "Jak and Daxter" game developed by Naughty Dog.
Action Fighter is an overhead vehicular combat game released by Sega in 1986.
Spy Hunter is an overhead view, vehicular combat game developed by Bally Midway and released in arcades in 1983.
Hot Wheels Battle Force 5 is a 2009 video game developed by Sidhe Interactive and published by Activision for the Wii and Nintendo DS, and a children's vehicular combat game based on the "Hot Wheels Battle Force 5" 3D animated television series created by Mattel.
