"Saturday's Child" is a popular song, written by David Gates and performed by The Monkees.
 The song is an electric guitar–based rock song.
 The song is now widely regarded as one of their best album tracks, with AMG critic Matthew Greenwald saying that it has a "proto-heavy metal guitar riff" and it is "one of the more interesting curios of the early Monkees catalog".
 The song still gets regular play on Oldies radio stations and has also been covered by several artists.
 The song is also featured on several "greatest hits" albums by The Monkees.
 The song was originally the second track on their self-titled debut album "The Monkees" with Micky Dolenz on lead vocals.
 The promotional video, which aired during the 26 September 1966 "Monkee vs. Machine" television show, features The Monkees playing around on the beach and having fun with five children (at any one time), in a dune buggy, on a swing set, on slides, on a jungle gym, on a horse, on unicycles, and on Honda Super Cub motorcycles, and hamming it up driving the Monkeemobile around Southern California.
"Oh My My" is a song by The Monkees, released on April 1, 1970 on Colgems single #5011.
 It was the final single released during their original 1966-70 run.
 The song was written by Jeff Barry and Andy Kim and recorded February 5, 1970.
 It made it to #98 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, their last entry until 1986.
 The B-side was "I Love You Better", also written by Barry and Kim.
 By now, The Monkees were a duo consisting of Micky Dolenz and Davy Jones, and both sides of the single were sung by Dolenz.
 Both songs are from "Changes", The Monkees' final studio album until 1987's "Pool It!
" which was followed by "Good Times" in 2016.
Janelle Johnson (December 2, 1923 - December 2, 1995) was a film actress of the 1940s.
 She married actor George Dolenz (1908–63) and was the mother of Micky Dolenz of the 1960s pop group the Monkees.
 Her English daughter-in-law was Samantha Juste, co-host of BBC television's "Top of the Pops" in its early days.
 Her granddaughter, Ami Dolenz, also became a film actress.
"Randy Scouse Git" is a song written by Micky Dolenz in 1967 and recorded by The Monkees.
 It was the first song written by Dolenz to be commercially released, and became a #2 hit in the UK where it was retitled "Alternate Title" after the record company (RCA) complained that the original title was actually somewhat "taboo to the British audience".
 Dolenz took the song's title from a phrase he had heard spoken on an episode of the British television series "Till Death Us Do Part", which he had watched while in England.
 The song also appeared on "The Monkees" TV series, on their album "Headquarters," and on several "Greatest Hits" albums.
 Peter Tork has said that it is one of his favorite Monkees tracks.
"Good Clean Fun" is a song by The Monkees from their 1969 album "The Monkees Present".
 Recorded on June 1, 1968, it was released on Colgems single #5005 on September 6, 1969.
 The Monkees were now a trio (Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, and Davy Jones -- Peter Tork had left the group in December 1968).
Tear Drop City is a single by The Monkees released on February 8, 1969 on Colgems #5000 recorded on October 26, 1966.
 The song reached No. 56 on the Billboard chart.
 The lyrics are about a man who feels low because his girlfriend has left him.
 Written by Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart, it was the first single The Monkees released as a trio (Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, and Davy Jones; Peter Tork departed December 1968).
 Micky Dolenz performed the lead vocal.
 Boyce and Hart produced and arranged the song.
"Last Train to Clarksville" was the debut single by The Monkees.
 It was released August 16, 1966 and later included on the group's 1966 self-titled album, which was released on October 10, 1966.
 The song, written by Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart was recorded at RCA Victor Studio B in Hollywood on July 25, 1966 and was already on the Boss Hit Bounds on 17 August 1966.
 The song topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 on November 5, 1966.
 Lead vocals were performed by The Monkees' drummer Micky Dolenz.
 "Last Train to Clarksville" was featured in seven episodes of the Monkees TV show; the most for any Monkees song.
"(Theme from) "The Monkees"" is a 1966 popular song, written by Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart as the theme song for the TV series "The Monkees".
 Two versions were recorded - one for their first album "The Monkees" and a second shorter version designed to open the television show.
 Both versions feature vocals by Micky Dolenz.
 The full length version was released as a single in several countries including Australia, where it became a hit, reaching #8.
 It also made "Billboard Magazine"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s "Hits of the World" chart in both Mexico and Japan, reaching the Top 20 in Japan and the Top 10 in Mexico (#2 Jun.17, 1967).
 It is still played on many oldies radio stations.
 An Italian version of the song was featured on a Monkees compilation album.
 Ray Stevens did a version of the Monkees Theme song on his 1985 album "He Thinks He's Ray Stevens" featuring a male German group of singers, Wolfgang and Fritzy, that are arguing during the refrain of the song.
 ("Hey Hey Bist Du Monkees".)
Good Times!
 is the twelfth studio album by The Monkees.
 Produced mainly by Adam Schlesinger (with some additional bonus tracks produced by Andrew Sandoval), the album was recorded to commemorate the band's 50th anniversary.
 It is the first Monkees studio album since "Justus" (1996) and the first since the death of founding member Davy Jones.
 The album features surviving Monkees Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, and Peter Tork, as well as a posthumous contribution from Jones.
Dolenz, Jones, Boyce & Hart is an album by the group of the same name, released in 1976.
 The group consisted of Micky Dolenz, Davy Jones, Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart.
 Dolenz and Jones had been members of 1960s pop group/band The Monkees while Boyce and Hart had written many of the group's biggest hits such as "Last Train to Clarksville" and "(Theme from) The Monkees".
 As such, several publications, such as Allmusic, consider the album to be a Monkees-reunion album.
 Most of the musicians that appear on this album were featured on Monkees albums in the past.
 A majority of the vocals are done by Dolenz and Jones ("Right Now", "I Remember The Feeling", "You And I") with Boyce And Hart contributing backing vocals and the occasional lead vocal such as Hart's on "I Love You [And I'm Glad That I Said It]".
 Although the album failed to make much of an impact when originally released, renewal of interest in The Monkees led to its reissue on compact disc years later.
 The group was called Dolenz, Jones, Boyce & Hart because they were legally prohibited from using The Monkees name.
 Former Monkees members Michael Nesmith and Peter Tork were also invited to join the group, but they both declined.
 Peter Tork joined 'Dolenz, Jones, Boyce, & Hart' onstage for a guest appearance on their concert tour on July 4, 1976 in Disneyland.
 Later that year he reunited with Jones and Dolenz in the studio for the recording of the single "Christmas is My Time of the Year" b/w "White Christmas", which saw a limited release for fan club members that holiday season.
