In 1919, at the time of its annexation, the middle part of the County of Tyrol which is today called South Tyrol (in Italian "Alto Adige") was inhabited by almost 90% German speakers.
 Under the 1939 South Tyrol Option Agreement, Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini determined the status of the German and Ladin (Rhaeto-Romanic) ethnic groups living in the region.
 They could emigrate to Germany, or stay in Italy and accept their complete Italianization.
 As a consequence of this, the society of South Tyrol was deeply riven.
 Those who wanted to stay, the so-called "Dableiber", were condemned as traitors while those who left ("Optanten") were defamed as Nazis.
 Because of the outbreak of World War II, this agreement was never fully implemented.
 Illegal Katakombenschulen ("Catacomb schools") were set up to teach children the German language.
Tyrol ( ; German: "Tirol" , ] ; Italian: "Tirolo" ) is a federal state ("Bundesland") in western Austria.
 It comprises the Austrian part of the historical Princely County of Tyrol.
 It is a constituent part of the present-day Euroregion Tyrol–South Tyrol–Trentino (together with South Tyrol and Trentino in Italy).
 The capital of Tyrol is Innsbruck.
The trademark South Tyrolean Apple PGI is used for apples which are cultivated in South Tyrol in a traditional manner.
 South Tyrol is Europe's largest connected fruit-growing region.
 Since 2005, eleven of the more than one dozen different apple varieties have been awarded the "Protected Geographical Indication" (PGI) seal by the EU and are recognised across the EU as regional specialities.
 The trademark "South Tyrolean Apple PGI" is used by all of South Tyrol's marketing companies for export.
Südtirol Heute (German for "South Tyrol Today") is a television programme of the Austrian ORF, which is broadcast in Austria and relayed by the Rundfunk Anstalt Südtirol (RAS) in South Tyrol, Italy.
 The programme covers news from all three parts of the Tyrol, namely North Tyrol, East Tyrol and South Tyrol.
The Rieserferner Group (Italian: "Gruppo delle Vedrette di Ries" , German: "Rieserfernergruppe" ) is a mountain range in the Austrian Central Alps.
 Together with the Ankogel Group, Goldberg Group, Glockner Group, Schober Group, Kreuzeck Group, Granatspitze Group, Venediger Group and the Villgraten Mountains the group is part of the High Tauern.
 The Rieserferner mountains extend across the Austrian state of Tyrol and the Italian province of South Tyrol (Trentino-South Tyrol region).
 The mountains mainly lie in South Tyrol, where the greater part is protected within the Rieserferner-Ahrn Nature Park.
Austrian border barriers are border barriers and migration management facilities constructed by Austria between November 2015 and January 2016 on its border with Slovenia and in 2016 on its border with Italy, as a response to European migrant crisis.
 They are located on internal European Union borders, since Austria, Italy and Slovenia are members of the EU and the free travel Schengen Area with a common visa policy.
 The barrier on the Slovenian border is several kilometers long, located near the busiest border crossing, Spielfeld-Šentilj and includes police facilities for screening and processing migrants.
 Another migration management facility with barriers located on Austria's Italian border near Brenner, South Tyrol was constructed in 2016.
Reit im Winkl is a small village (locally known as a snow-magnet ) located on the German/Austrian border in the southeastern part of Bavaria, Germany in the Traunstein district, and was previously an immigration and customs control point (prior to the formation of the Schengen Zone).
 It is situated south of Chiemsee and southwest of Ruhpolding - home of the Biathlon World Cup - in the Bavarian Alps and facing towards Tyrol.
 The village lies next to the Austrian states Tyrol and Salzburg.
 Kössen in Tyrol is the next village on the river Lofer, before it joins the confluence of the river Tiroler Achen.
 Reit im Winkl has a population of approximately 2,600.
The Hochgall is a mountain of the Rieserferner group in the High Tauern.
 the summit is in South Tyrol, Italy, just 500 m from the Austrian border.
The Tyrol–South Tyrol–Trentino Euroregion (German: "Europaregion Tirol-Südtirol-Trentino" ; Italian: "Euregio Tirolo-Alto Adige-Trentino" ) is a Euroregion formed by three different regional authorities in Austria and Italy: the Austrian state of Tyrol (i.e. North and East Tyrol) and the Italian autonomous provinces of South Tyrol and Trentino.
The Wipptal (Wipp valley) is an Alpine valley in Tyrol, Austria and in South Tyrol, Italy, stretching between Innsbruck and Franzensfeste.
 The Brenner Pass (1,374 m) at the Austro-Italian border divides it into the northern, Austrian "Unteres Wipptal" and the southern, Italian "Oberes Wipptal".
 The "Unteres Wipptal" extends along the river Sill southward from Innsbruck, where the Sill meets the larger river Inn, up to the Brenner Pass.
 South of the border, the "Oberes Wipptal" stretches along the Eisack river by way of Sterzing to Franzensfeste.
 It forms the Wipptal District of the province of South Tyrol.
