Geetanjali is a Telugu actress who acted in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi films for several decades.
 She is famous for her roles in Illalu, Sitarama Kalyanam with NTR, Adurti Subba Rao's Dr. Chakravarty, Muralikrishna, Abbayigaru Ammayigaru, Kaalam Marindi and Sambarala Rambabu.
 She is also a member of Nandi Award committee.
Hari Teja is a Telugu actress, television serial artist and anchor.
 She is a professional Kuchipudi dancer and performed in many Telugu TV shows.
 She also participated in Telugu reality show like Telugu Bigg Boss, Ragada The Ultimate Dance Show.
 She is one of the 16 participants of Bigg Boss Telugu game show in Star Maa television.
 She stood in third place for Bigg Boss Telugu season 1.
E. V. Saroja (died 2006) was a famous Tamil and Telugu actress and dancer.
 She was born on third of November 1935.
 She belonged to engan village of thiruvarur district, Tamil Nadu.
T. Krishna Kumari (Telugu: కృష్ణ కుమారి, born 1933) is a noted Telugu actress of the 1960s and 1980s.
 She was a leading actress and a contemporary of Savitri.
 Her co-stars include legends N.T.Rama Rao, Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Krishnam Raju, Dr. Rajkumar, Sivaji Ganesan, Kanta Rao, and Jaggayya.
 Krishna Kumari ruled the Telugu industry but also acted in Tamil and Kannada movies briefly.
Pillaiyar Theru Kadaisi Veedu (English: "The Last House of Pillayar Street") is a 2011 Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by Thirumalai Kishore and starring Githan Ramesh as a T. Rajendar fan.
 Sanchita Padukone and Telugu actress Suhasini play lead female characters.
 The film is the 81st from Ramesh's home production Super Good Films.
 The score was by Telugu composer Chakri in his debut and only Tamil film he had worked so far.
Anushka Shetty is an Indian actress who appears in Telugu and Tamil films.
 She made her acting debut in Puri Jagannadh's 2005 Telugu film "Super", and appeared in "Mahanandi", released later the same year.
 The following year, she had four releases, the first being S. S. Rajamouli's "Vikramarkudu", which helped her gain recognition, followed by "Astram" (a remake of the 1999 Hindi film "Sarfarosh"), the Sundar C.-directed "Rendu", (which marked her debut in Tamil cinema), and a special appearance in AR Murugadoss' Telugu film "Stalin".
 She had two releases in 2007: "Lakshyam" and "Don".
 In 2008, she appeared in six films, including "Okka Magaadu", "Swagatam" and "Souryam".
 In 2009, Shetty played two roles in the fantasy "Arundhati".
 She went on to win the Nandi Special Jury Award and the Filmfare Best Telugu Actress Award for this film.
 Her next release that year was "Billa", a Telugu remake of the 2007 Tamil film of the same name.
 Her final release in 2009 was her second Tamil feature film, the masala film "Vettaikaaran", where she appeared as a medical student.
Mamilla Shailaja Priya (born 1978), popularly known as Priya, is a Telugu actress.
 She appears primarily in Telugu feature films and television soap operas and has also acted in other languages like Hindi and Tamil.
Thakita Thakita is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Sreehari Nanu, produced by Bharat Thakur.
 Starring Harshvardhan Rane, Haripriya in lead roles with Krishnam Raju, Nagarjuna Akkineni, Anushka Shetty in cameo appearance and music by Bobo Shashi.
 It marks the production debut of Telugu actress Bhumika Chawla.
 The film was dubbed in Tamil as "Thulli Ezhunthathu Kadhal".
Poornima is a Telugu actress who starred in many Telugu films in the early and mid 1980's.
 She is known for her vivacious and bubbly yet homely and soft natured roles.
 She acted in 100 movies including Telugu, Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam.
 Her notable films include Jandyala's "Srivariki Premalekha", "Naalugu Sthambhalaata" and "Maa Pallelo Gopaaludu".
 She acted in Malayalam movies with the stage name "Sudha".
 She hails from Machilipatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.
 Her husband is a marine engineer.
This is a list of awards and nominations of Asin Thottumkal, an Indian actress who has worked in Malayalam, Telugu, Tamil and Hindi movies.
 Asin has won a number of awards for her performance in various films in the Tamil, Telugu and Hindi industries, including the most coveted Kalaimamani award by the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu in 2009.
 She has won various Filmfare awards and other prominent awards for her acting skills in all three major industries which she has been part of in her career.
 The three Filmfare awards, she has won so far includes, Filmfare Best Telugu Actress Award for Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi, Filmfare Best Tamil Actress Award for Ghajini and Filmfare Best Female Debut Award for her Hindi debut in Ghajini.
