Melaleuca clarksonii, commonly known as Alice River bottlebrush, is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to Cape York Peninsula in Queensland, Australia.
 It is similar to "Melaleuca cajuputi" and "Melaleuca leucadendra" with its broad leaves and spikes of creamy-coloured flowers but is distinguished from them by its (usually) hard, fibrous bark.
Dixie is a locality in the Shire of Cook, Queensland, Australia.
 The locality contains the source of both the Morehead River and Alice River.
The Alice River is a river located on the Cape York Peninsula of Far North Queensland, Australia.
Luigi Maria D'Albertis (21 November 1841 – 2 September 1901) was a flamboyant Italian naturalist and explorer who, in 1876, became the first person to chart the Fly River in Papua New Guinea.
 He took eight weeks to steam some 580 miles up the Fly River in an Australian launch, the "Neva".
 On board as engineer was young Lawrence Hargrave, later to become an aviation pioneer.
 D'Albertis kept a pet python on board to prevent his motley crew from pilfering the stores.
 He also fired off exploding rockets to keep any hostile natives at bay.
 His expedition collected specimens of birds, plants and insects.
 The "Neva" forced its way upstream until brought to a halt by the shallows.
 They then steamed downriver to a tributary d'Albertis had named the Alice River (today known as the Ok Tedi), and d'Albertis cajoled his crew up this river with promises of gold.
 Eventually stricken by malaria and crippled by rheumatism in both legs, he admitted defeat.
 He tried once again in the following year, but did not reach as far as before, and returned to Europe.
 A homosexual, Goode was accompanied on his expeditions by a succession of young male companions.
 An account of d'Albertis' expeditions up the Fly in the "Neva" and his various political and personal problems with his contemporaries and the inhabitants of Papua are told in Goode, J. 1977 "Rape of the Fly" (Nelson, Melbourne).
Alice River is a suburb of the City of Townsville in North Queensland, Australia.
 The estate is also known as Rupertswood, the estate was named by the developer who was Sir Rupert Clarke, 3rd Baronet of Rupertswood, after his ancestral home "Rupertswood" at Sunbury, Victoria, Australia.
The Alice River in central Queensland, Australia rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range.
 The river bisects the Shire of Barcaldine, flowing in a south-westerly direction towards Isisford and its confluence with the Barcoo River to form Cooper Creek.
 Barcaldine is located on Lagoon Creek, which flows into the Alice River approximately five kilometre s to the south.
 The Alice River is often dry, except after the annual summer rains.
The Todd River is an ephemeral river in the southern Northern Territory, central Australia.
 The origins of the Todd River are in the MacDonnell Ranges, where it flows past the Telegraph Station, almost through the center of Alice Springs, through Heavitree Gap at the southern end of Alice Springs and continuing on for some distance, passing through the western part of the Simpson Desert, as it becomes a tributary of the Hale River, and eventually flowing into Lake Eyre in South Australia.
The Uw Oykangand are an Indigenous Australian people living on the southwestern part of the Cape York Peninsula, Queensland in Australia.
 Their neighbours to the northwest are the Yir-Yoront, Their traditional lands are around the Alice River and the Crosbie River, and further west around the Mitchell River and into Gulf Country.
Carl Friedrich Theodor Strehlow (23 December 1871 – 20 October 1922), linguist, anthropologist, genealogist, collector of natural history specimens, missionary and translator, served on two Lutheran missions in inland Australia from May 1892 to October 1922, a total of thirty years.
 He was at the first mission station, Killalpaninna (often referred to as Bethesda), from 1892 to 1894, and the second, Hermannsburg, eighty miles west of Alice Springs, from 1894 to 1922, first as teacher and, from 1901 onwards, manager, and it is for his work here that he is mostly known today.
 Strehlow was ably assisted and supported by his wife Friederike Johanna Henriette Keysser (31 August 1875 – 30 April 1957), who played the central role in reducing the high infant mortality which threatened Aboriginal communities all over Australia after the onset of white settlement.
 It is probable that Hermannsburg was the only Mission in Australia at the start of the twentieth century where the population was growing through natural increase.
 As a polymath with an interest in natural history, through his Aranda informants Strehlow provided plant and animal specimens to museums in Germany and Australia, a number of which first came to scientific notice through his collecting.
 This was the outcome of his collaboration with Moritz, Baron von Leonhardi of Gross Karben in Hessen, Germany, who also suggested he write his monumental anthropological work Die Aranda- und Loritja-Stämme in Zentral-Australien (The Aranda and Loritja Tribes in Central Australia).
 With Leonhardi as editor this work became the first publication of the newly founded Städtisches Völkermuseum (Municipal Ethnological Museum) of Frankfurt am Main, appearing in eight parts between 1907 and 1920.
 Strehlow sent what was said to be the best collection in the world of Aboriginal artefacts – both sacred and secular – to Frankfurt, unfortunately largely destroyed in the bombing of the city in World War Two, though some fine pieces remain.
 Due to Leonhardi’s sudden death in 1910, Strehlow’s linguistic researches intended as part of Die Aranda- und Loritja-Stämme were never published, though used in manuscript form by his son Theodor George Henry Strehlow and later Hermannsburg missionaries.
 Strehlow also collaborated on the pioneering first complete translation of the New Testament into an Aboriginal language (Dieri), published by the British and Foreign Bible Society in 1897, and he later translated the New Testament into Aranda, parts of which were published after his death.
 He also produced a reader and service book in the latter language.
 Falling ill with dropsy in September 1922, he tried to reach a doctor but died at Horseshoe Bend halfway between Alice Springs and Oodnadatta, leaving Frieda and fourteen-year-old son Theodor to continue south to Adelaide without him.
 Professor TGH Strehlow, who is better known than Carl, built his scholarly career in part on the researches carried out by his father.
The Olkolo or Koko-olkola' were an Indigenous Australian people of central and eastern Cape York Peninsula in northern Queensland.
 According Norman Tindale, they are to be distinguished from the Kokangol,higher up on the Alice River watershed.
