John Garnet Carter (Feb. 9, 1883, in Sweetwater, Tennessee – July 21, 1954) was an American inventor and entrepreneur who is considered as one of the fathers of miniature golf.
 In 1927, Carter was the first to patent a version of the game which he called "Tom Thumb Golf".
 His course was built on Lookout Mountain in Georgia where Carter owned a hotel.
 Within a few years, thousands of Tom Thumb courses opened all over the United States.
 Carter eventually sold the rights to his patent and used his fortune to found the Rock City Gardens.
Tom Thumb Food & Pharmacy is a chain of supermarkets in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.
 It operate under the names Tom Thumb—traditional grocery stores; Flagship Tom Thumb—high end stores, usually in affluent areas.
 It makes up part of the Southern division of Albertsons.
 It is (as of May 2015) the number two supermarket in the competitive Dallas/Fort Worth area (in terms of market share) behind Walmart, but only when combined with sister stores Albertsons and Market Street.
Buttrey Food & Drug was a chain of grocery stores founded in Havre, Montana and formerly headquartered in Great Falls, Montana.
 The company was founded in 1896 as a chain of department stores branded Buttrey Department Store.
 The company opened grocery stores in 1935 and sold off its department store division following a 1966 acquisition by grocery company The Jewel Companies, Inc. Jewel was sold to American Stores in 1984 and Buttrey was sold off as separate company in 1990.
 The company was sold to its main competitor, Boise, Idaho based Albertsons, in January 1998 and the Buttrey name was retired.
 At that time, Buttrey was operating 44 stores in Montana, Wyoming, and North Dakota with a revenue of US$391.4 million.
 As of today, most former Buttrey stores continue to operate under the Albertsons banner.
Tom Thumb (stylised as tom thumb) is a 1958 fantasy-musical film directed by George Pal and released by MGM.
 The film, based on the fairy tale of the same name, is about a tiny man who manages to outwit two thieves determined to make a fortune from him.
Until its closing in 2010, Simon David was the oldest gourmet and specialty foods store in Dallas, Texas.
 Simon David was a long-time specialty retail brand and division of Tom Thumb Supermarkets.
 Tom Thumb became a division of Randall's Food Markets in 1992, which itself became a 112-store division of Safeway Inc. in 1999.
El Chapulín Colorado (English: "The Red Grasshopper" or as Captain Hopper in the English version of "El Chavo: Animated Series") is a Mexican television comedy series that ran from 1972 to 1981 and parodied superhero shows.
 It was created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños (Chespirito), who also played the main character.
 It was first aired by Canal de las Estrellas in 1970 in Mexico, and then was aired across Latin America and Spain until 1981, alongside "El Chavo", which shared the same cast of actors.
 Both shows have endured in re-runs and have won back some of their popularity in several countries such as Colombia, where it has aired in competition with "The Simpsons" (which has a character based on him), or Peru.
 The name translates literally in English as "The Red Grasshopper" (the word "chapulín" is of Nahuatl origin and applies to a Mexican species of grasshopper, while "colorado" refers to having conspicuous red colouration.
 The word can also mean ruddy, reddish, red-coloured or crimson, blushing for instances would be said to cause the cheeks to be "colorados", and the skin would be "colorada" when you get a sunburn).
 The main character uses a conspicuous red uniform.
 It is also known in Brazil as "Chapolin", "Vermelhinho" ("Little Red One") and "Polegar Vermelho" ("Red Thumb") in allusion to the famous fairy tale character Tom Thumb.
Central Market is an American gourmet grocery store chain owned by H-E-B Grocery Company based in San Antonio, Texas.
 It specializes in high-quality, hard-to-find gourmet foods.
 Most locations also have a full-service kitchen, offer cooking and wine classes in their culinary school, and offer catering services.
 The chain has nine locations, all in Texas.
 Central Market was named "Outstanding Specialty Food Retailer" by "Specialty Food Magazine" and the National Association for Specialty Food Trade.
Randall's Food Markets operates 45 supermarkets in the Houston and Austin areas under the "Randalls" and "Flagship Randalls" banners.
 Randall's today forms the nucleus of the current Houston division of Albertsons and is headquartered in the Westchase district of Houston.
 The office served as the headquarters of the independent Randall's company before its takeover and later the Texas division of Safeway.
 The Randall's distribution center was in unincorporated Harris County, Texas and now is serviced by the Tom Thumb distribution in Roanoke, Texas in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.
Green Thumb Theatre (also known as the Green Thumb Theatre for Young People and simply as Green Thumb) is a Canadian children's theatre company based in Vancouver, British Columbia that was founded in 1975.
 Playwright Dennis Foon was one of the co-founders.
 The theatre building out of which Green Thumb operates is located in East Vancouver near the Vancouver East Cultural Centre.
 English Canadian Ken Peirson was the manager of Green Thumb from 1982 to 1985.
 In 1982, Green Thumb produced "Feeling Yes, Feeling No", a sexual abuse prevention program.
 Green Thumb performed the premiere of Colin Thomas' play "One Thousand Cranes" in 1983.
 Morris Panych has written several plays for the company that have toured internationally.
 Green Thumb's "Celestial Being" received the 2015 Jessie Richardson Theatre Award for outstanding production for young audiences.
 Also that year, Green Thumb performed George F. Walker's "Moss Park".
 As of 2014, Patrick McDonald is Green Thumb's artistic director.
Vitruvian Park is a billion dollar multi-family, retail and commercial development in Addison, Texas.
 The development is just west of the Dallas North Tollway, approximately one mile north of I-635/LBJ Freeway between Midway Road and Marsh Lane in Addison's southwest quadrant.
 Adjacent to the community are Brookhaven Country Club, Brookhaven College, Greenhill School, Parish Episcopal School, and a shopping center including a full service Tom Thumb Grocery Store.
 In addition to being the largest development ever undertaken by major real estate developer UDR, Inc., the 117 acre development is also Addison's first major sustainable green initiative.
