Commelineae is a tribe of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family (Commelinaceae).
 The tribe consists of 13 genera and about 350 species.
 It is one of two tribes in the subfamily Commelinoideae, the other being the Tradescantieae, which is made up of 26 genera and about 300 species.
 The remaining two genera in the family are in a separate subfamily, the Cartonematoideae.
The Casuarinaceae are a family of dicotyledonous flowering plants placed in the order Fagales, consisting of four genera and 91 species of trees and shrubs native to the Australia, Southeast Asia, Malesia, Papuasia, and the Pacific Islands.
 At one time, all species were placed in the genus "Casuarina".
 Lawrie A. S. Johnson separated out many of those species and renamed them into the new genera of "Gymnostoma" in 1980 and 1982, "Allocasuarina" in 1982, and "Ceuthostoma" in 1988, with some additional formal descriptions of new species in each other genus.
 At the time, it was somewhat controversial.
 The monophyly of these genera was later supported in a 2003 genetics study of the family.
 In the Wettstein system, this family was the only one placed in the order Verticillatae.
 Likewise, in the Engler, Cronquist, and Kubitzki systems, the Casuarinaceae were the only family placed in the order Casuarinales.
Typhonodorum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae.
 The single species making up this genus is Typhonodorum lindleyanum.
 The genus is native to Madagascar, the Comores, Zanzibar, and Mauritius.
 This genus is believed to be closely related to "Peltandra" even though "Peltandra" is only found in North America and there don't appear to exist closely related genera in the African mainland.
 There isn't fossil evidence to link the two genera so it has been proposed that there once was a genus in Africa from which the two genera had originated.
 The African mainland genus spread to North America and to Madagascar 50 million years ago before it broke off.
 Then the African genus became extinct and the North American and Madagascan genera remained.
Apiaceae or Umbelliferae, is a family of mostly aromatic flowering plants named after the type genus "Apium" and commonly known as the celery, carrot or parsley family.
 It is the 16th-largest family of flowering plants, with more than 3,700 species in 434 genera including such well-known and economically important plants such as angelica, anise, asafoetida, caraway, carrot, celery, chervil, coriander, cumin, dill, fennel, hemlock, lovage, cow parsley, parsley, parsnip, sea holly, giant hogweed and silphium (a plant whose identity is unclear and which may be extinct).
Cirsium is a genus of perennial and biennial flowering plants in the Asteraceae, one of several genera known commonly as thistles.
 They are more precisely known as plume thistles.
 These differ from other thistle genera ("Carduus", "Silybum" and "Onopordum") in having feathered hairs to their achenes.
 The other genera have a pappus of simple unbranched hairs.
Commelinaceae is a family of flowering plants.
 In less formal contexts, the group is referred to as the dayflower family or spiderwort family.
 It is one of five families in the order Commelinales and by far the largest of these with about 731 known species in 41 genera.
 Well known genera include "Commelina" (dayflowers) and "Tradescantia" (spiderworts).
 The family is diverse in both the Old World tropics and the New World tropics, with some genera present in both.
 The variation in morphology, especially that of the flower and inflorescence, is considered to be exceptionally high amongst the angiosperms.
The Cleomaceae are a small family of flowering plants in the order Brassicales, comprising about 300 species in 10 genera, or about 150 species in 17 genera.
 These genera were previously included in the family Capparaceae, but were raised to a distinct family when DNA evidence suggested the genera included in it are more closely related to the Brassicaceae than they are to the Capparaceae.
 The APG II system allows for Cleomaceae to be included in Brassicaceae.
Commelinoideae is a subfamily of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family (Commelinaceae).
 The Commelinoideae is one of two subfamilies within the Commelinaceae and includes 39 genera (out of 41 in the family) and all but 12 of the family's several hundred known species.
 The subfamily is further broken down into two tribes, the Tradescantieae, which includes 26 genera and about 300 species, and the Commelineae, which contains 13 genera and about 350 species.
Carduus is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, and the tribe Cynareae, one of two genera considered to be true thistles, the other being "Cirsium".
 Plants of the genus are known commonly as plumeless thistles.
 They are native to Eurasia and Africa, and several are known elsewhere as introduced species.
 This genus is noted for its disproportionately high number of noxious weeds compared to other flowering plant genera.
The Fabaceae or Papilionoideae, commonly known as the legume, pea, or bean family, is a large and economically important family of flowering plants.
 It includes trees, shrubs, and perennial or annual herbaceous plants, which are easily recognized by their fruit (legume) and their compound, stipulated leaves.
 Many legumes have characteristics of flowers and fruits.
 The family is widely distributed, and is the third-largest land plant family in terms of number of species, behind only the Orchidaceae and Asteraceae, with about 751 genera and some 19,000 known species.
 The five largest of the genera are "Astragalus" (over 3,000 species), "Acacia" (over 1000 species), "Indigofera" (around 700 species), "Crotalaria" (around 700 species) and "Mimosa" (around 500 species), which constitute about a quarter of all legume species.
 The ca. 19,000 known legume species amount to about 7% of flowering plant species.
 Fabaceae is the most common family found in tropical rainforests and in dry forests in the Americas and Africa.
