Akrofuom is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
 It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
 Akrofuom is located in the Obuasi Municipal district of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
Tafo is a town in Kumasi Metropolitan District in the Ashanti Region of Ghana near the regional capital Kumasi.
 Tafo is the thirtieth most populous settlement in Ghana, in terms of population, with a population of 60,919 people.
 Because of the town's population and housing development in recent years, it is debatable whether Tafo is still regarded as a separate town, or already a suburb of Kumasi, the capital of the Ashanti region.
 The town is near Kumasi, with a distance of approximately 3.3 kilometers to the center of a similar name sounding village named New Tafo and must be distinguished from Tafo.
 Tarkwa is located just 4.6 km away from Tafo.
 The city center of Kumasi is located approximately 9.8 kilometers away.
 Tafo is one of the urban constituencies of the Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly, the town's parliamentary candidate shall have one direct seat to the Parliament of Ghana.
The Western Region is located in south Ghana, spreads from the Ivory Coast border in the west to the Central region in the east, includes the capital and large twin city of Sekondi-Takoradi on the coast, coastal Axim, and a hilly inland area including Elubo.
 It includes Ghana's southernmost location, Cape Three Points, where crude oil was discovered in commercial quantities in June 2007.
 The Western Region enjoys a long coastline that stretches from South Ghana's border with Ivory Coast to the Western region's boundary with the Central Region on the east.
Tema is a city on the Bight of Benin and Atlantic coast of Ghana.
 It is located 25 km east of the capital city; Accra, in the region of Greater Accra, and is the capital of the Tema Metropolitan District.
 As of 2013, Tema is the eleventh most populous settlement in Ghana, with a population of approximately 161,612 people – a marked decrease from its 2005 figure of 209,000.
 The Greenwich Meridian (00 Longitude) passes directly through the city.
 Tema is locally nicknamed the "Harbour Town" because of its status as Ghana's largest seaport.
Techimantia is a city located in the Tano District of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.
 It is one of the large cities in the region.
 It is believed to be originally inhabited by Hunters for the Ashanti King from Kumasi.
 These Hunters originally settled in the region after they found that there were lots of elephants in the region which could be hunted for the Ashanti King.The name of the King is Oti Ampem.Currently,the chief of the town is no more(dead).
The occupation of the people in the town is large scale tomatoes farming.Techimantia is one of the largest towns in the region but there are few productive or government work in the town.This was attributed to the curse from Okomfo Anokye of the Ashanti Kingdom.
The Ningo-Prampram Constituency is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
 The constituency derives its name from the two towns located within the constituency.The towns are,the much larger and older Ningo and the relatively younger Prampram which is much smaller.
 It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
 Ningo-Prampram is located in the Ningo-Prampram District of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
 Central University College has a campus at Miotso near Prampram and plans are underway to relocate its other campuses here.
Hope City which was initially planned to be built at Kasoa has also been relocated here.
 Plans are also underway to build the new international airport at a location near Ningo.
The Ashanti Region is located in south Ghana and is third largest of 10 administrative regions, occupying a total land surface of 24389 km2 or 10.2 per cent of the total land area of Ghana.
 In terms of population, however, it is the most populated region with a population of 4,780,380 according to the 2010 census, accounting for 19.4% of Ghana’s total population.
 The Ashanti Region is known for its major gold bar and cocoa production.
 The largest city and regional capital is Kumasi.
Prempeh College is an elite public secondary school for boys located in Kumasi, the capital city of the Ashanti Region, Ghana.
 The school was founded in 1949 by the Asanteman traditional authority, the British Colonial Government, the Methodist Church of Ghana and the Presbyterian church of Ghana.
 The School is named after King of Ashanti, (Asantehene) Sir Osei Tutu Agyeman Prempeh II, who donated the land on which the school was built.
 It is the oldest government-assisted secondary school for boys in the Ashanti and was modeled on Eton College in England.
.
 The school topped matriculation at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in 2004 with 441 students admitted and in 2012, with 296 students from the college admitted, and is considered to be one of the best secondary schools in Ghana.
 The School has won the National robotics championships a record three times between 2013 and 2016 and currently is the only school from Africa to have won the International robofest World Championships.
Taifa is a town in the Ga East Municipal District, a district in the Greater Accra Region of south-eastern Ghana near the capital Accra.
 Taifa is the twenty-sixth largest settlement in Ghana, in terms of population, with a population of 68,459 people.
 Taifa is located in the northwest suburbs area of Accra.
 It has a breakpoint on a railway line and a small park located on the northern edge of the location of the Taifa Ghana Atomic Energy Commission.
 At the Ghana 2000 census of 26 March 2000, the population was 26,145 inhabitants living in the city.
 Projections of 1 January 2007 estimated the population to be 48,927 inhabitants.
 In the census of 1984 there was only 1,009 inhabitants.
 The strong population growth of the Town is influenced by, among other things, a large number of illegal immigrants from west African countries who move to towns and villages near the industrial town of Tema, just to find a job.
Dodi Papase is a town in the Volta Region of Ghana.
 With a population of approximately 5,254 ,Dodi Papase is the second-most-populous city in the Volta region of Ghana.
 It is located in eastern Ghana on the banks of the Asukawkaw River and is known for the Dodi Papase Community Secondary School, a second cycle institution (senior high school).
