Game in Kannada, Oru Melliya Kodu (English: A thin line) in Tamil, is a 2016 Indian bilingual language crime thriller film directed by A. M. R. Ramesh.
 This movie is an unofficial remake of the 2012 Spanish thriller El Cuerpo (Spanish title) also known as "The Body", and features Arjun Sarja, Shaam and Manisha Koirala in the lead roles.
 With music composed by Ilayaraaja, the film was simultaneously shot in Kannada and Tamil; the former released first on February 26, 2016 while the later released on July 1, 2016.
 The film was dubbed and released in Telugu as "Notuku Potu" in 2017.
Suhasini Rajaram Naidu, popularly known by her stage name Sneha, is an Indian film actress, who works in the South Indian film industry.
 She debuted in the Malayalam film "Ingane Oru Nilapakshi" (2000), directed by Anil – Babu and was later signed for the Tamil film "Virumbugiren", though it was only released two years later.
 She started getting offers in Tamil and moved her focus to Kollywood, and the movie "Ennavale", where she starred opposite R. Madhavan, was released first in the same year.
"Wonder Could I Live There Anymore" is a song written by Bill Rice, and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride.
 It was released in May 1970 as the first single from the album "From Me to You".
 "Wonder Could I Live There Anymore" was Charley Pride's fourth number one in a row on the country charts.
 The single went to number one for two weeks and spent a total of 15 weeks on the top 40.
Snegithiye (English:Oh Friend! "
(female)" ) is a 2000 Tamil mystery thriller film directed by Priyadarshan.
 The story is loosely based on the 1999 Marathi film "Bindhaast" written by Chandrakant Kulkarni.
 The film notably features only female characters in the lead roles, played by Jyothika, Sharbani Mukherjee, Tabu and Ishita Arun.
 Music was composed by Vidyasagar.
 The film, released in 2000, proved to be an average grosser at the box office but bagged positive reviews from critics.
 Today, it is considered a cult classic that was underrated at the time of its release.
 Originally planned to be made as a bilingual, in Tamil and in Malayalam, the film released first in Tamil only, while the Malayalam dubbed version, "Raakilipattu", as well as the dubbed Hindi version, "Friendship", released seven years later.
Deewana (English: 'Crazy' ) is a 1992 Indian romantic drama film directed by Raj Kanwar, and produced by Guddu Dhanoa and Lalit Kapoor and featuring Shah Rukh Khan, Divya Bharti and Rishi Kapoor in the lead.
 This was Shah Rukh's debut release, and he appears only in the second half of the film.
 He replaced Armaan Kohli, who walked out of the project due to creative differences after the first schedule.
 The film released on June 25, 1992. "
Dil Aashna Hai" was supposed to be the debut movie of Shahrukh Khan however "Deewana" was released first.
Toys in the Attic (Czech: Na půdě aneb Kdo má dneska narozeniny?
 ; festival title: In the Attic: Who Has a Birthday Today?)
 is a 2009 Czech-French-Japanese-Slovak primarily stop-motion animated fantasy comedy thriller family film directed by Jiří Barta and written by Edgar Dutka and Barta which depicts a community of toys and other objects in an attic who come to life when no human is around.
 It is an international co-production of Czech, Japanese and Slovak companies.
 The film was released first in the Czech Republic on 5 March 2009 and has been shown subtitled at film festivals internationally.
 An American dub – adapted, produced and directed by Vivian Schilling and performed by actors including Forest Whitaker, Joan Cusack, Cary Elwes and Schilling herself – has been recorded, which the film was first shown with on 3 March 2012 at the New York International Children's Film Festival and was released nationally on 24 August 2012 by Hannover House.
"Kiss an Angel Good Mornin'" is a song written by Ben Peters, and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride.
 It was released in October 1971 as the first single from the album "Charley Pride Sings Heart Songs".
 The song has since become one of his signature tunes and was his eighth song to reach number one on the country charts.
 "Kiss an Angel Good Mornin" was also Charley Pride's first single to reach the pop charts, peaking at number twenty-one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and also went into the Top Ten of the Adult Contemporary charts.
 It also reached #19 on the U.S. "Cash Box" Top 100.
 The song spent four months on the pop chart, longer than any of his other hits.
 "Billboard" ranked it as the No. 74 song for 1972.
At Their Best is a 1978 album by The Supremes.
 It includes most of their singles from 1970 through 1976 and featured, at the time, two never-before released songs: "The Sha-La Bandit" and "Love Train".
 It was released first in the United Kingdom in February 1978, including 14 tracks.
 It was later released in the USA in June 1978, with some of the tracks removed and the track order amended.
 According to motown data around 30,000 USA copies were sold in all.
The Boatniks is a 1970 American comedy film starring Robert Morse, Stefanie Powers, Don Ameche and Phil Silvers.
 It was made by Walt Disney Productions, released by Buena Vista Distribution and directed by Norman Tokar.
"Is Anybody Goin' to San Antone" is a song written by Glenn Martin and Dave Kirby, and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride.
 It was released in February 1970 as the first single from the album "Charley Pride's 10th album".
 "Is Anybody Goin' to San Antone" was Charley Pride's third number one in a row on the country charts.
 The single spent two weeks at number one and a total of 16 weeks on the country chart.
