The Project 635 Dam () is one of the three dams constructed on the Irtysh River in China's Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region.
 The embankment dam is located in Fuhai County, about 56 km east of Beitun.
 It creates a reservoir (the Project 635 Reservoir, ), which serves as the source of water for the Irtysh–Karamay–Ürümqi Canal.
Wafangdian (), formerly Fuxian or Fu County (), is one of the two "northern county-level cities", the other being Zhuanghe, under the administration of Dalian, located in the south of Liaoning province, China.
 The city is famous for its ball bearing industry.
 Wafangdian Bearing Factory is the largest bearing manufacturer in Asia and was initially built by the Japanese during World War II.
 Its area is 3576.40 km² and its permanent population as of 2010 is 942,197, compared to 1,024,876 registered with hukou permits.
 The city borders the prefecture-level city of Yingkou to the northeast.
The Second Ürümqi–Jinghe Railway or Wujing Line No. 2 (乌精二线) is a double-track railway in Xinjiang, China between Ürümqi, the regional capital of Xinjiang and Jinghe.
 The railway is 381.5 km in length and runs parallel to the Northern Xinjiang Railway, connecting most of the same cities and towns of the southern Junggar Basin, including Changji, Hutubi, Manas, Shihezi, Kuytun, Wusu, and Jinghe.
 The line opened in 2009 to alleviate growing traffic on the Northern Xinjiang Railway, which is connected to the Lanzhou-Xinjiang Railway to the east and the Turkestan-Siberia Railway of Central Asia to the west, and newly built Kuytun-Beitun and Jinghe-Yining-Horgos Lines branching off to the north and south.
Beitun () is a city in the north of Xinjiang, People's Republic of China (PRC).
 Administratively, it is a county-level city under the direct administration of the regional government, though it is geographically located in Altay Prefecture.
Below is a list of selected neighbourhoods and suburbs of Montenegrin capital of Podgorica.
 Note that there are many different interpretations on boundaries and existence of certain neighbourhoods, as neighbourhood is not an administrative category, but unofficial geographical notion.
The Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, known as XPCC or Bingtuan for short, is a unique economic and paramilitary organization in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the China.
 The XPCC has administrative authority over several medium-sized cities as well as settlements and farms in Xinjiang.
 It has its own administrative structure, fulfilling governmental functions such as healthcare and education for areas under its jurisdiction.
 The Government of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region does not usually interfere in the administration of these areas.
Western Ukraine or West Ukraine (Ukrainian: Західна Україна ) is a geographical and historical relative term used in reference to the western territories of Ukraine.
 It includes several actual historical regions such "Transcarpathia", "Halychyna" including Pokuttia, most of "Volhynia", northern "Bukovina" as well as western "Podolia".
 Less often it includes territories of eastern Volhynia, Podolia, and small portion of northern Bessarabia (eastern part of Chernivtsi Oblast).
 Important cities are Buchach, Chernivtsi, Drohobych, Halych (hence - Halychyna), Ivano-Frankivsk, Khotyn, Lutsk, Lviv, Mukacheve, Rivne, Ternopil, Uzhhorod and others.
 Western Ukraine is not an administrative category within Ukraine.
The grands établissements (] ) are French public institutions under ministerial charter under the administrative category referred to as Établissements publics à caractère scientifique, culturel et professionnel (EPCSP).
The Kuytun–Beitun Railway or Kuibei Railway () is a single-track railway in Xinjiang, China between Kuytun and Beitun.
 The railway branches from the Northern Xinjiang Railway at Kuytun and heads north across the Junggar Basin to Beitun, near Altay, passing through Karamay, Urho, and Fuhai (Burultoqay).
 The railway is 468.5 km in length The railway opened to freight traffic on December 29, 2009 and passenger traffic on June 1, 2011.
Xinjiang ( ; ; Uyghur: شىنجاڭ ‎, ULY: "Shinjang" ), officially the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, is a provincial-level autonomous region of China in the northwest of the country.
 It is the largest Chinese administrative division and the eighth largest country subdivision in the world, spanning over 1.6 million km (640,000 square miles).
 Xinjiang contains the disputed territory of Aksai Chin, which is administered by China.
 Xinjiang borders the countries of Mongolia, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India.
 The rugged Karakoram, Kunlun, and Tian Shan mountain ranges occupy much of Xinjiang's borders, as well as its western and southern regions.
 Xinjiang also borders Tibet Autonomous Region and the provinces of Gansu and Qinghai.
 The most well-known route of the historical Silk Road ran through the territory from the east to its northwestern border.
 In recent decades, abundant oil and mineral reserves have been found in Xinjiang, and it is currently China's largest natural gas-producing region.
