Triste Fim de Policarpo Quaresma (in English: The Tragic Fate of Policarpo Quaresma) is a novel by Pre-Modernist Brazilian writer Lima Barreto.
 The work was published under "feuilleton" form in 1911, from August to October in the "Jornal do Commercio".
 The focus of the work is the nationalism in the early years of the First Brazilian Republic and criticism to the middle-class and the bureaucratic government.
 The work is comical in the beginning, transiting to harsh criticisms by the end.
 These critics demystify the figure of the president Floriano Peixoto (1891–1894), known as the "Marechal de Ferro" ("The Iron Marshal"), and also of the Brazilian military.
Hurricane Amanda was the strongest Eastern Pacific tropical cyclone ever recorded in the month of May.
 The first named storm, hurricane and major hurricane of the 2014 Pacific hurricane season, Amanda originated from a tropical wave that had entered the Eastern Pacific on May 16.
 Slow development occurred as it tracked westward, and development into a tropical depression occurred on May 22.
 The depression later strengthened into a tropical storm on May 23.
 Amid very favorable conditions, Amanda then rapidly intensified late on May 23, eventually reaching its peak intensity on May 25 as a high-end Category 4 hurricane.
 Afterwards, steady weakening occurred due to upwelling beneath the storm, and Amanda fell below major hurricane intensity on May 26.
 Rapid weakening occurred and the cyclone eventually dissipated on May 29.
The 6th Adelaide Film Festival took place in Adelaide, Australia, from 10 to 20 October 2013.
 This was Amanda Duthie's first year as Festival Director (after eight years at the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and eight years at the Special Broadcasting Service during the 1990s), having taken over from Katrina Sedgwick.
 Margaret Pomeranz and David Stratton served as the festival’s patrons.
The 7th Adelaide Film Festival was held in Adelaide, Australia, from 15–25 October 2015.
 Amanda Duthie was again the Festival Director.
 On the opening night of the festival, Director and screenwriter Andrew Bovell received the 2015 Don Dunstan Award for his contribution to the Australian film industry.
The 2001 Pacific hurricane season was a near average season.
 The most notable storm that year was Hurricane Juliette, which caused devastating floods in Baja California, leading to 12 fatalities and $400 million (2001 USD; $  USD) worth of damage.
 Two other storms were notable in their own rights, Hurricane Adolph became the strongest May Hurricane until 2014 when both records set by Adolph and Juliette were broken by Hurricanes Amanda and Odile.
 Tropical Storm Barbara passed just north of Hawaii, bringing minimal impact.
The President's Management Advisory Board is a council of 17 corporate executives from leading American companies.
 Its purpose is to provide the administration of the executive branch advice and recommendations on effective strategies for the implementation of the best business practices on matters related to federal government's management and operations, with focus on productivity, the implementation of innovative methods, customer service, and technology.
 The board will be chaired by former Sirius/XM Satellite Radio Director Jeffrey Zients as part of the General Services Administration of the Executive Office.
 On March 10, 2011, board appointees were announced, including Greg Brown, president and chief executive officer of Motorola Solutions, Inc.; Sam Gilliland, Chairman and CEO of Sabre Holdings; Debra L. Lee, Chairman and CEO of BET Networks; Shantanu Narayen, president and CEO of Adobe Systems, Inc.; and Tim Solso, Chairman and CEO of Cummins, Inc.
Sarah Elizabeth Henrickson is a character on the HBO series "Big Love".
 She is portrayed by Amanda Seyfried.
 Sarah is the eldest child of Bill Henrickson with his first and legal wife Barbara Henrickson.
 Though only a supporting character in the first two seasons, Sarah became popular in the show in its third season until actress Amanda Seyfried decided to depart the show to focus on her movie career at the end of season four.
 She returned in the series finale in the last scene.
The season produced twenty-three tropical depressions. All but one further intensified into tropical storms and sixteen further intensified to become hurricanes, which broke the record holding the most number of hurricanes within the basin tied with the 1990 and 1992 seasons.
 The first named storm of the season, Amanda, developed on May 22 before intensifying into a hurricane on May 24.
 At 0300 UTC on May 25, it intensified into Category 3 on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale, becoming the second-earliest major hurricane on record, behind 2012's Hurricane Bud.
 At 1500 UTC, Amanda reached its peak intensity with winds of 155 mph (250 km/h), becoming the strongest May hurricane on record in the eastern Pacific.
 In mid-June, Hurricane Cristina intensified to become the earliest second major hurricane on the record in the East Pacific, beating the previous record set by Hurricane Darby in 2010.
 On August 24, Hurricane Marie became the first Category 5 Pacific hurricane since Hurricane Celia in 2010, and it was the sixth most intense Pacific hurricane on record in terms of minimum atmospheric pressure.
Amanda Duthie, Scottish-born Australian, is one of the leading figures in Australia's arts and culture industries and is currently the CEO/Creative Director of the Adelaide Film Festival and CEO of Hybrid World Adelaide.
Amanda Matthews (born 1968) is an American sculptor and painter from Louisville, Kentucky, United States, who lives in Lexington, Kentucky.
 She is the CEO of a Certified WBE Bronze Art Foundry, Prometheus Foundry, LLC, a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code 6DW69, located in the United States.
 In 2015, she founded the Artemis Initiative Public Charity.
 She went by Amanda Matthews Fields during 1991–2009.
