The Battle of Craibstone was fought on 20 November 1571 between Clan Gordon and the Clan Forbes on an area that has now been constructed over, found in central Aberdeen, Scotland.
 It was part of the Marian civil war in which the Clan Forbes supported the King and Clan Gordon supported the Queen.
The Battle of Tillieangus was fought on 10 October 1571 between the Clan Gordon and the Clan Forbes near White Hill of Tillyangus, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
 It was part of the Marian civil war in which the Gordons supported Mary, Queen of Scots and the Forbeses supported her son, James VI of Scotland.
The background of the Spanish Civil War dates back to the end of the 19th century, when the owners of large estates, called "latifundia", held most of the power in a land-based oligarchy.
 The landowners' power was unsuccessfully challenged by the industrial and merchant sectors.
 In 1868 popular uprisings led to the overthrow of Queen Isabella II of the House of Bourbon.
 In 1873 Isabella's replacement, King Amadeo I of the House of Savoy, abdicated due to increasing political pressure, and the short-lived First Spanish Republic was proclaimed.
 After the restoration of the Bourbons in December 1874, Carlists and anarchists emerged in opposition to the monarchy.
 Alejandro Lerroux helped bring republicanism to the fore in Catalonia, where poverty was particularly acute.
 Growing resentment of conscription and of the military culminated in the Tragic Week in Barcelona in 1909.
 After the First World War, the working class, the industrial class, and the military united in hopes of removing the corrupt central government, but were unsuccessful.
 Fears of communism grew.
 A military coup brought Miguel Primo de Rivera to power in 1923, and he ran Spain as a military dictatorship.
 Support for his regime gradually faded, and he resigned in January 1930.
 There was little support for the monarchy in the major cities, and King Alfonso XIII abdicated; the Second Spanish Republic was formed, whose power would remain until the culmination of the Spanish Civil War.
 Monarchists would continue to oppose the Republic.
The Battle of Langside, fought on 13 May 1568, was one of the most unusual contests in Scottish history, bearing a superficial resemblance to a grand family quarrel, in which a woman fought her brother who was defending the rights of her infant son.
 In 1567, Mary, Queen of Scots' short period of personal rule ended in recrimination, intrigue and disaster when, after her capture at Carberry Hill, she was forced to abdicate in favour of James VI, her infant son.
 Mary was imprisoned in Loch Leven Castle, while her Protestant half-brother, James Stewart, Earl of Moray was appointed Regent on behalf of his nephew.
 In early May 1568 Mary escaped, heading west to the country of the Hamiltons, high among her remaining supporters, and the safety of Dumbarton Castle with the determination to restore her rights as queen.
 Mary was defeated and went into exile and captivity in England.
 The battle can be regarded as the start of the Marian civil war.
Adam Gordon of Auchindoun (1545–1580), Scottish knight, younger brother of the Earl of Huntly and military leader during the Marian civil war on behalf of Mary, Queen of Scots in north west Scotland.
 In Scottish ballad lore, Adam became known as Edom o'Gordon.
Imprisonment as a form of criminal punishment only became widespread in the United States just before the American Revolution, though penal incarceration efforts had been ongoing in England since as early as the 1500s, and prisons in the form of dungeons and various detention facilities had existed since long before then.
 Prison building efforts in the United States came in three major waves.
 The first began during the Jacksonian Era and led to widespread use of imprisonment and rehabilitative labor as the primary penalty for most crimes in nearly all states by the time of the American Civil War.
 The second began after the Civil War and gained momentum during the Progressive Era, bringing a number of new mechanisms—such as parole, probation, and indeterminate sentencing—into the mainstream of American penal practice.
 Finally, since the early 1970s, the United States has engaged in a historically unprecedented expansion of its imprisonment systems at both the federal and state level.
 Since 1973, the number of incarcerated persons in the United States has increased five-fold, and in a given year 7,000,000 people were under the supervision or control of correctional services in the United States.
 These periods of prison construction and reform produced major changes in the structure of prison systems and their missions, the responsibilities of federal and state agencies for administering and supervising them, as well as the legal and political status of prisoners themselves.
The Infantry in the American Civil War comprised foot-soldiers who fought primarily with small arms, and carried the brunt of the fighting on battlefields across the United States.
 Historians have long debated whether the evolution of tactics between 1861 and 1865 marked a seminal point in the evolution of warfare.
 The conventional narrative is that Generals and other officers adhered stubbornly to the tactics of the Napoleonic Wars, in which armies employed linear formations and favored open fields over the usage of cover (whether constructed or natural in origin).
 Presumably, the greater accuracy and range of the rifle musket rendered that approach obsolete, and the Civil War armies' transition to longer battles in 1864 is taken by numerous scholars as proof of the new technology's transformative impact.
 More recently, however, academics have begun to reject this narrative.
 Earl J. Hess judges the tactical training of the Civil War as critical to the armies' success, and maintains that the dearth of overwhelming victories during the conflict was actually consistent with the infrequency of such battles throughout history.
 Allen C. Guelzo contends that rifle muskets did not revolutionize land warfare due to a combination of inadequate firearms training and the poor visibility caused by black powder.
 This debate has implications not only for the nature of the soldier's experience, but also for the broader question of the Civil War's relative modernity.
 Williamson Murray and Wayne Wei-Siang Hsieh argue that the conflict was resulted from "the combination...of the Industrial Revolution and French Revolution [which] allowed the opposing sides to mobilize immense numbers of soldiers while projecting military power over great distances."
 The Civil War involved a number of other recently-introduced and new technologies, including military balloons, repeating rifles, the telegraph, and railroads.
The Battle of Carberry Hill took place on 15 June 1567, near Musselburgh, East Lothian, a few miles east of Edinburgh, Scotland.
 A number of Scottish lords objected to the rule of Mary, Queen of Scots after she had married the Earl of Bothwell, who was widely believed to have murdered her previous husband Lord Darnley.
 The Lords were intent to avenge Darnley's death.
 However, Bothwell escaped from the stand-off at Carberry while Queen Mary surrendered.
 Mary abdicated, escaped from prison, and was defeated at the battle of Langside.
 She went to exile in England while her supporters continued a civil war in Scotland.
The Marian civil war in Scotland (1568–1573) was a period of conflict which followed the abdication of Mary, Queen of Scots, and her escape from Loch Leven Castle in May 1568.
 Those who ruled in the name of her infant son James VI fought against the supporters of the Queen, who was exiled in England.
 Edinburgh Castle, which was garrisoned in her name, became the focus of the conflict and surrendered only after an English intervention in May 1573.
 The conflict in 1570 was called an "intestine war in the bowels of this commonwealth", and the period was called soon after an "intestine war driven by questions against authority."
English Landing Park is located along the Missouri river in Parkville, Missouri, United States.
 The area the park now sits were once just low water areas of the Missouri River.
 It includes a 3-mile jogging/biking trail that follows the river's edge, several shelters for picnics, a soccer field, a baseball diamond, volleyball courts, 2 playgrounds (one for small kids and one for bigger kids).
 Recently, a small 9-hole Frisbee golf course has been added around the jogging/biking trail.
 There is also a busy set of train tracks that runs along the length of the park.
 The area of present-day English Landing Park was bought from the English Brothers by Colonel George S. Park in 1838, who was a veteran of the Texas war of independence.
 He purchased a riverboat landing from them as well, and that riverboat landing as well as the present-day park became a civil war port of call for slave trade.
 The Power Plant Restaurant, which sits right next to the rail road tracks at the entrance to the park, was built in the mid-19th century as a coal-fired twin-boiler power plant that fed the entire city.
 The city itself was founded by Colonel Park in 1844 and by 1850 he had built warehouses and a large stone hotel.
 In 1853 he established one of Platte County's earliest newspapers, The Industrial Luminary.
 Parkville itself did not become a Civil War battlefield, but there was still mass genocide as numerous slaves tried desperately to escape across the river into Kansas for freedom.
 These slaves were buried in three large but unmarked cemeteries in the present-day Misty Woods subdivision.
 After the Civil War, the port and the riverboat landing were all but abandoned and the area slowly changed from a bustling port city to what is present-day Parkville.
