The Joseph Schlitz Brewing Company was an American brewery based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and once the largest producer of beer in the United States.
 Its namesake beer, Schlitz ( ), was known as "The beer that made Milwaukee famous" and was advertised with the slogan "When you're out of Schlitz, you're out of beer".
 Schlitz first became the largest beer producer in the US in 1902 and enjoyed that status at several points during the first half of the 20th century, exchanging the title with Anheuser-Busch multiple times during the 1950s.
Beer in Canada was introduced by European settlers in the seventeenth century.
 The first commercial brewery was La Brasseries due Roy [sic] started by New France Intendant Jean Talon, in Québec City in 1668.
 Many commercial brewers thrived until Prohibition in Canada.
 The provincial and federal governments' attempt to eliminate "intoxicating" beverages led to the closing of nearly three quarters of breweries between 1878 and 1928.
 It was only in the second half of the twentieth century that a significant number of new breweries opened up.
 The Canadian Beer industry now plays an important role in Canadian identity, though globalization of the brewing industry has seen the major players in Canada acquired by, or merged with, foreign companies, notably its three largest beer producers, Labatt, Molson and Sleeman.
 The result is that Moosehead, with an estimated 3.8 percent share of the domestic market in 2016, has become the largest fully Canadian-owned brewer.
All or Nothing Brewhouse was founded by brothers Jeff and Eric Dornan in early 2014 in Oshawa, Ontario.
 The company's mission is to be the #1 wheat beer producer in Canada.
 The company started as a contract brewery, brewing their beer out of a third party facility in Toronto, Ontario.
 In July 2016 All or Nothing acquired a group of companies being Trafalgar Ales & Meads, Trafalgar Artisanal Distillery and Pioneer Black Creek Brewery to gain access to bricks and mortar production.
 Trafalgar Ales & Meads prior to acquisition was one of the oldest breweries still operating in the Province of Ontario having been founded in 1993.
 All or Nothings first beer to market is their "All or Nothing Hopfenweisse", which is a lightly hopped German Weisse beer.
 The company was founded as Underdog's Brewhouse but, due to a trademark dispute with another craft beer producer, All or Nothing choose to change their name to All or Nothing Brewhouse to avoid a lengthy court battle.
 All or Nothing Brewhouse is currently a member of the Ontario Craft Brewers Association which represents the majority of breweries in the Province of Ontario.
The Blue Mountain Brewery in Afton, Virginia is a brewery which forms, along with Starr Hill Brewery, South Street Brewery, Wild Wolf Brewing Company and Devils Backbone Brewing Company, an integral part of the Brew Ridge Trail.
 Blue Mountain was the first brewery to open in Nelson County.
 They cultivate 1/3 acre of mainly Cascade-variety hops.
 One of their seasonal beers, Blue Reserve, took home the first-ever medal (Silver) for a beer hopped solely with Virginia hops at the world's largest beer competition, the Great American Beer Festival, in 2011 for the American-Belgo Ale category.
 Blue Mountain is also the only Virginia brewery to hold back-to-back Gold medals at the 2010 and 2011 Great American Beer Festival.
 In 2012, a new sister brewery, Blue Mountain Barrel House, was opened by two of the founders of the original Blue Mountain Brewery.
Birra Tirana "(English: Tirana Beer )" is a beer company based in Tirana, Albania.
 It is the largest beer producer and the largest selling beer in the country.
 It is also exported and sold in Kosovo and the United States.
 The company is fabricated by Birra Malto Brewery.
 It currently produces three different beer brands.
 Birra Tirana is sold both in bottles and cans of 0.33 lit and 0.5 lit and also in kegs 30 liters and 50 liters.
Birra Stela "(English: Stela Beer )" is a beer company based in Tirana, Albania.
 It is the second largest beer producer in the country with an annual production capacity of 250,000 hl, covering roughly 15-18% of the domestic market.
Birra Kaon "(English: Kaon Beer )" is a beer company, founded in Vlorë, Albania in 1995.
 A proprietary of T.E.A Company, it is the fourth largest beer producer in the country.
Haberbusch i Schiele was a (now defunct) Warsaw-based brewery holding created in 1846.
 By the end of 19th century, the company had grown to become the largest beer producer in Warsaw and one of the largest in Poland.
 Destroyed in the Warsaw Uprising during World War II, the brewery was then nationalized by the communist authorities of Poland and partially rebuilt for the Browary Warszawskie company.
Javad Hadian is an American entrepreneur and owner of Shangy's, a beer distributor founded in 1980 in Emmaus, Pennsylvania.
 Hadian has distribution rights to thousands of macros and micro brews, and has continued to expand his range of beers.
 In 1998, Shangy's became the distributor of Hoegaarden, a popular Belgian beer.
 The agreement entitled Shangy's to distribution rights to seventeen Pennsylvania counties.
 In 2004, Hadian sued InBev, the world's largest beer producer, for allegedly violating the 1998 agreement.
Birra Korça is a brewing company, founded in Korçë, Albania, in 1928.
 The company is a subsidiary of IHB group since 2004.
 It is the third largest beer producer in Albania.
