Dasavatharam (தமிழ்: தசாவதாரம், English: The Ten Avatars) is a 1976 Tamil Hindu - Devotional Mythology film was directed and script were written by K. S. Gopalakrishnan.
 Music by S. Rajeswara Rao assets to the film.
 It stars Ravikumar played titular role with Sirkazhi Govindarajan, Jayachitra, Gemini Ganesan, M. R. Radha, P. S. Veerappa, Sowcar Janaki and K. R. Vijaya other actor and actress played portraying supporting role.
Parks and Recreation is an American political comedy television sitcom starring Amy Poehler as Leslie Knope, a perky, mid-level bureaucrat in the Parks Department of Pawnee, a fictional town in Indiana.
 Created by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur, the series aired on NBC from April 9, 2009 to February 24, 2015, for 125 episodes, over seven seasons.
 It was written by the same writers and uses the same filming style as "The Office", with the same implication of a documentary crew filming everyone.
 The ensemble and supporting cast feature Rashida Jones as Ann Perkins, Paul Schneider as Mark Brendanawicz, Aziz Ansari as Tom Haverford, Nick Offerman as Ron Swanson, Aubrey Plaza as April Ludgate, Chris Pratt as Andy Dwyer, Adam Scott as Ben Wyatt, Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger, Jim O'Heir as Garry "Jerry" or "Larry" Gergich, Retta as Donna Meagle, and Billy Eichner as Craig Middlebrooks.
Marlon Sebastian Dingle is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, "Emmerdale", played by Mark Charnock.
 He has been the show since 1996.
 Marlon has been married three times, first to Tricia Fisher (Sheree Murphy), then to Donna Windsor (Verity Rushworth) and Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy).
 In 2010, he dated Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry), and is father to a Down's syndrome baby named Leo, who Rhona gave birth to in 2011.
Malishka Mendonsa, popularly known as RJ Malishka , is a radio personality from Mumbai, India.
 She works in Red FM 93.5.
 Her show "Morning No 1 with Malishka" has won the "Best Breakfast Programme/Show (Hindi) at the Indian Excellence in Radio Awards" in the past.
 Actress Vidya Balan was trained by RJ Malishka when the actress played the role of an RJ in 2006 Bollywood film Lage Raho Munnabhai.
Mark Brendanawicz is a fictional character in the NBC comedy series "Parks and Recreation".
 He is the city planner for Pawnee, Indiana, as well as Leslie Knope's colleague and one of Ann Perkins' ex-boyfriends.
 He is portrayed by Paul Schneider, who left "Parks and Recreation" at the end of the second season; despite the producers' plans to the contrary, Schneider never reprised the role in any later seasons, and the show made absolutely no references to the character after his departure.
Hannah Harriet Hayes is a fictional character on the US television series "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", played by Sarah Paulson.
 The character is loosely based on actress Kristin Chenoweth (who had dated "Studio 60" creator Aaron Sorkin and starred in Sorkin's previous series, "The West Wing," after Sorkin had left it); there is an opinion that she is also at least partially based on former "Saturday Night Live" comedian Victoria Jackson.
Marina Souza Ruy Barbosa (born 30 June 1995) is a Brazilian actress.
 Barbosa started off her career as a child actress with her first major role was in the telenovela "Começar de Novo".
 Following the latter, she received an invitation to audition for "Sabina", a prominent character in the telenovela "Belíssima", both by Rede Globo.
 Later, she portrayed the character "Isabel" in "Sete Pecados".
 Portraying the rebellious Vanessa in "Escrito nas Estrelas", Marina had the idea to create the zipper earrings used by the character, an accessory that would eventually become a fad among Brazilian teenagers.
 In 2011, Barbosa played the prejudiced Alice in the telenovela "Morde & Assopra", where she met Klebber Toledo, with whom she dated for 3 years.
 In 2013 she participated in the soap opera "Amor à Vida", interpreting Nicole, a young orphan and millionaire who gets cancer, Hodgkin's lymphoma type 4.
Joan Sanderson (24 November 1912 – 24 May 1992) was an English television and stage actress.
 During a long career, the tall and commanding actress played dowagers, spinsters and matrons, as well as intense Shakespearean roles.
 Her television work included the sitcoms, "Please Sir!
" (1968–72) and "Me and My Girl" (1984–88).
Dynamite was a magazine for children founded by Jenette Kahn and published by Scholastic Inc. from 1974 until 1992.
 The magazine changed the fortunes of the company, becoming the most successful publication in its history and inspiring two similar periodicals for Scholastic, "Wow" and "Bananas".
 Kahn edited the first three issues of "Dynamite".
 The next 109 issues were edited by Jane Stine, wife of children's author R. L. Stine, followed by Linda Williams Aber (aka "Magic Wanda").
 The writer-editor staff was future children's book writer Ellen Weiss, future novelist-lawyer Alan Rolnick and future screenwriter-playwright Mark Saltzman.
 The first issue, "Dynamite" #1, was dated March 1974 and featured the characters Hawkeye and Radar from the television series "M*A*S*H".
 The final issue, "Dynamite" #165, was dated March 1992 and featured actress Julia Roberts and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Paul Andrew Schneider (born March 16, 1976) is an American actor widely known for his role as Mark Brendanawicz on the first two seasons of the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation".
 He won a Best Actor in a Narrative Feature award at the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival for his performance in Angus Maclachlan's "Goodbye to All That" and the Best Supporting Actor Award from the National Society of Film Critics for his performance as Charles Armitage Brown in "Bright Star".
