Batman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
 The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger, and first appeared in "Detective Comics" #27 (1939).
 Originally named the "Bat-Man", the character is also referred to by such epithets as the Caped Crusader, the Dark Knight, and the World's Greatest Detective.
The Scarecrow (Dr. Jonathan Crane) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
 The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger, and first appeared in "World's Finest Comics" #3 (Fall 1941).
Robin is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
 The character was originally created by Bob Kane, Bill Finger, and Jerry Robinson, to serve as a junior counterpart to the superhero Batman.
 The character's first incarnation, Dick Grayson, debuted in "Detective Comics" #38 (April 1940).
 Conceived as a vehicle to attract young readership, Robin garnered overwhelmingly positive critical reception, doubling the sales of the Batman related comic books.
 The early adventures of Robin included "Star Spangled Comics" #65–130 (1947–1952), which was the character's first solo feature.
 Robin made regular appearances in Batman related comic books and other DC Comics publications from 1940 through the early 1980s until the character set aside the Robin identity and became the independent superhero Nightwing.
 The team of Batman and Robin has commonly been referred to as the "Caped Crusaders" or "Dynamic Duo".
Victoria "Vicki" Vale is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman.
 Created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger, the character debuted in "Batman" #49 (October 1948).
 Vicky Vale is typically depicted as a romantic interest of Bruce Wayne, the alter-ego of Batman.
Milton "Bill" Finger (February 8, 1914 – January 18, 1974) was an American comic strip and comic book writer best known as the co-creator, with Bob Kane, of the DC Comics character Batman, and the co-architect of the series' development.
 Although Finger did not receive contemporaneous credit for his hand in the development of Batman, Kane acknowledged Finger's contributions years after Finger's death.
Joe Chill is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman.
 Created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane, the character first appeared in "Detective Comics" #33 (November 1939).
The fictional superhero Batman, who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics, has appeared in various films since his inception.
 Created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger, the character first starred in two serial films in the 1940s, "Batman" and "Batman and Robin".
 The character also appeared in the 1966 film "Batman", which was a feature film adaptation of the 1960s "Batman" TV series starring Adam West and Burt Ward, who also starred in the film.
 Toward the end of the 1980s, the Warner Bros. studio began producing a series of feature films starring Batman, beginning with the 1989 film "Batman", directed by Tim Burton and starring Michael Keaton.
 Burton and Keaton returned for the 1992 sequel "Batman Returns", and in 1995, Joel Schumacher directed "Batman Forever" with Val Kilmer as Batman.
 Schumacher also directed the 1997 sequel "Batman & Robin", which starred George Clooney.
 "Batman & Robin" was poorly received by both critics and fans, leading to the cancellation of "Batman Unchained".
The Penguin (Oswald Chesterfield Cobblepot) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
 The character made his first appearance in "Detective Comics" #58 (December 1941) and was created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger.
 The Penguin is one of Batman's most enduring enemies and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery.
Two-Face (Harvey Dent) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman.
 The character was created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane and first appeared in "Detective Comics" #66 (Aug. 1942).
 As one of Batman's most enduring enemies, Two-Face belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery.
The Joker is a fictional supervillain created by Bill Finger, Bob Kane, and Jerry Robinson who first appeared in the debut issue of the comic book "Batman" (April 25, 1940), published by DC Comics.
 Credit for the Joker's creation is disputed; Kane and Robinson claimed responsibility for the Joker's design, while acknowledging Finger's writing contribution.
 Although the Joker was planned to be killed off during his initial appearance, he was spared by editorial intervention, allowing the character to endure as the archenemy of the superhero Batman.
