Lawrence Nash Groupé, born April 1957, best known as Larry Groupé, is an American film score composer for Immediate Music's offshoot label, Imperativa Records.
 Groupé has composed and orchestrated music for dozens of films and television programs.
 His most popular works include the score for Rod Lurie's movies "Deterrence" and "The Contender".
 Groupé has been nominated four times for an Emmy award, and won three.
 In 2004, he was nominated for an Emmy for the best original score for the TV series "Line of Fire".
 He later won Emmys for the score of the documentary film "," for the short subject film "Residue," about the US early involvement in Cambodia, and for .
Killing Reagan is a 2016 American television drama film directed by Rod Lurie and written by Eric Simonson.
 It is based on the 2015 book of the same name by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard.
 The film stars Tim Matheson, Cynthia Nixon, Joe Chrest, Joel Murray, Kyle S.
 More and Michael H. Cole.
 The film premiered on October 16, 2016, on the National Geographic Channel.
Deterrence is a 1999 French/American dramatic film written and directed by Rod Lurie, depicting fictional events about nuclear brinkmanship.
 It marks the feature directorial debut of Lurie, who was previously a film critic for the "New York Daily News", "Premiere Magazine", "Entertainment Weekly" and "Movieline", among others.
 Kevin Pollak, Timothy Hutton, Sheryl Lee Ralph and Sean Astin star.
 The entire story takes place in a single location, a diner.
The Contender is a 2000 political drama film written and directed by Rod Lurie.
 It stars Gary Oldman, Joan Allen, Jeff Bridges and Christian Slater.
 The film focuses on a fictional United States President (played by Bridges) and the events surrounding his appointment of a new Vice President (Allen).
The Last Castle is a 2001 American action drama film directed by Rod Lurie, starring Robert Redford, James Gandolfini, Mark Ruffalo and Delroy Lindo.
Rod Lurie (born May 15, 1962) is an Israeli-American director, screenwriter and former film critic.
Anja Salomonowitz (born in Vienna) is an Austrian film director and screenwriter, specialised on documentary films with political or social background.
Resurrecting the Champ is a 2007 American drama sports film directed by Rod Lurie.
 The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Michael Bortman and Allison Burnett, based on a "Los Angeles Times Magazine" article entitled "Resurrecting the Champ", by author J.R. Moehringer.
 The film centers on a fictionalized former athlete portrayed by Samuel L. Jackson, living on the streets of Denver, who attempts to impersonate the life and career of former professional heavyweight boxer Bob Satterfield.
 The ensemble cast also features Josh Hartnett, Alan Alda, David Paymer, and Teri Hatcher.
Nothing but the Truth is a 2008 American drama film written and directed by Rod Lurie.
 According to comments made by Lurie in "The Truth Hurts", a bonus feature on the DVD release, his inspiration for the screenplay was the case of journalist Judith Miller, who in July 2005 was jailed for contempt of court for refusing to testify before a federal grand jury investigating a leak naming Valerie Plame as a covert CIA operative, but this was merely a starting point for what is primarily a fictional story.
 In an April 2009 interview, Lurie stressed: "I should say that the film is about neither of these women although certainly their stories as reported in the press went into the creation of their characters and the situation they find themselves in."
Straw Dogs is a 2011 American psychological thriller film directed, produced, and written by Rod Lurie.
 It is a remake of Sam Peckinpah's 1971 film "Straw Dogs", itself lightly based on the Gordon Williams novel "The Siege of Trencher's Farm".
 It stars James Marsden and Kate Bosworth.
