Disaster on the Coastliner is 1979 American made-for-television action drama film about a disgruntled railroad employee who attempts to cause a collision between two passenger trains.
 It was directed by Richard C. Sarafian and starred Lloyd Bridges, Raymond Burr, Robert Fuller, Pat Hingle, E. G. Marshall, Yvette Mimieux, William Shatner, and Paul L. Smith.
 It originally aired on "The ABC Sunday Night Movie" on October 28, 1979.
Tedi Sarafian is an American screenwriter.
 He was a co-writer of "" (2003).
 He is the son of Richard C. Sarafian, and the brother of Richard Sarafian Jr. and Deran Sarafian and the nephew of Robert Altman.
 He also is the co-owner of Barefoot Sound, manufacturer of high-end recording monitors.
The Man Who Died Twice is a 1958 American crime film directed by Joseph Kane and written by Richard C. Sarafian.
 The film stars Rod Cameron, Vera Ralston, Mike Mazurki, Gerald Milton, Richard Karlan and Louis Jean Heydt.
 The film was released on June 6, 1958, by Republic Pictures.
BoyBand is a comedic feature film released in 2010 that depicts the fictional saga of the first ever American boy band.
 The film stars Michael Copon, Robert Hoffman, Ryan Hansen, Ryan Pinkston, Ernest Phillips, Lorenzo Hooker III, Kurt Fuller, Ming-Na, Richard Riehle, and Tom Wright.
 The film was shot entirely in the county of Worcester, Massachusetts and even features a fictional Worcester High School.
 "BoyBand" was produced by Worcester-based Artigo/Ajemian films.
 The film was written and directed by Jon Artigo, and produced by Andrea Ajemian.
 Kaz Gamble produced and recorded the entire soundtrack.
 The film is also known as "BoyBand: Breakin' through in '82".
Lolly-Madonna XXX (a.k.a.
 The Lolly-Madonna War) is a 1973 film directed by Richard C. Sarafian.
 The film was co-written by Rodney Carr-Smith and Sue Grafton, based on the novel "The Lolly-Madonna War" by Grafton.
Andy is a 1965 dramatic film starring Norman Alden and written and directed by Richard C. Sarafian.
 It was Sarafian' s first directing credit for a feature film.
Maro Ajemian (July 9, 1921 – September 18, 1978) was an American pianist.
 Ajemian's career in contemporary music got its impetus from her Armenian heritage; she became known as a contemporary pianist after performing the U.S. premiere of Aram Khachaturian's Piano Concerto, which she chose to play based on the fact that Khachaturian was Armenian.
Shadow on the Land, also known as United States: It Can't Happen Here, is a 1968 television film which aired on ABC.
 It was adapted from the Sinclair Lewis novel "It Can't Happen Here" by Nedrick Young, and directed by Richard C. Sarafian.
 The plot involves a President creating a fascist, totalitarian regime in the United States, and a resistance movement forming against it.
Solar Crisis is a 1990 Japanese-American science fiction film.
 The screenplay was written by Joe Gannon and Tedi Sarafian (credited as Crispan Bolt), based on the novel "Kuraishisu niju-goju nen" by Takeshi Kawata, and directed by Richard C. Sarafian (credited as Alan Smithee).
 The cast featured Tim Matheson as Steve Kelso, Charlton Heston as Adm. "Skeet" Kelso, Peter Boyle as Arnold Teague, Annabel Schofield as Alex Noffe, Corin Nemec as Mike Kelso and Jack Palance as Travis.
 The executive producers were Takeshi Kawata and Takehito Sadamura, with FX cinematographer Richard Edlund and veteran sound editor James Nelson as its producers.
Splendor in the Grass is a 1981 television film directed by Richard C. Sarafian.
 The film is a remake of the 1961 film of the same name, written by William Inge and starring Natalie Wood and Warren Beatty.
