Wild Horses was a band that originally featured former Buster Brown and Montrose members Johnny Edwards and James Kottak.
 The band also featured James Kottak's former Kingdom Come bandmate Rick Steier.
 The band went through at least two bassists: Chris Lester and Jeff Pilson.
One for the Team is an indie rock group from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 In 2006, the band was formed by American songwriter Ian Anderson, who is also the founder of Afternoon Records.
 One for the Team served as an outlet for Anderson's musical talent and songwriting that did not fit his older band Aneuretical.
 The band has released three full-length albums, "Good Boys Don't Make Noise" in 2006 on Afternoon Records, "Build It Up" in 2008 on The Militia Group and Afternoon Records, "Ghosts" in 2010 on Afternoon Records and one EP, “Build A Garden” in 2009.
 The band is completed by co-lead-vocalist and keyboard player Grace Fiddler, and drummer Elliot Manthey, and bass player Jacob Huelster.
Afternoon Records is a record label based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 The label was founded by Ian Anderson and Michael M. Sandstedt in 2003, the year of Ian's graduation from high school.
 Ian wanted to create a platform for his high school band "Aneuretical", and others.
Johnny Edwards (27 March 1912 – 12 November 1973) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Unusual Heat is the seventh studio album by British-American rock band Foreigner, released on 14 June 1991 by Atlantic Records.
 Recorded at several different studios across the state of New York and England, and produced by Terry Thomas and Mick Jones, it was the only album with lead singer Johnny Edwards.
 He replaced original lead singer Lou Gramm after the latter had parted company in 1990.
 "Unusual Heat" was the last album to feature bass guitarist Rick Wills, who joined the band in 1979, and drummer Dennis Elliott, who was a founding member.
Dead to Me is a punk rock band from San Francisco, founded by vocalist/guitarist Jack Dalrymple, drummer Brandon Pollack (both from the band One Man Army) and bassist/vocalist Chicken of Western Addiction.
 Early on, Pollack was replaced by Chicken's cousin Ian Anderson on drums and Nathan Grice joined as a second guitarist.
King Kobra III, released in 1988 on New Renaissance Records, was the first and last album by the Edwards, Michael-Phillips, Northrup, Hart and Appice line-up of King Kobra.
 After the demise of the original line-up, remaining members Carmine Appice and David Michael-Phillips teamed up with Johnny Edwards, Jeff Northrup and Larry Hart, all 3 members of the Sacramento, CA band Northrup at the time.
Gerald Bostock is a fictional character originally created by Ian Anderson for his band Jethro Tull's 1972 concept album, "Thick as a Brick"; Bostock is credited with writing the lyrics to the album (though Anderson in fact authored them himself).
 Bostock is also the focus of Anderson's 2012 solo album, "Thick as a Brick 2: Whatever Happened to Gerald Bostock?
", as well as the purported lyricist for Anderson's 2014 solo album "Homo Erraticus".
Michael "Mike" Vickers (born 18 April 1940) is a British musician who came to prominence as guitarist, flautist and saxophonist with the 1960s band, Manfred Mann.
 He was born in Southampton, Hampshire, England.
 He originally played flute and saxophone but with the increasing popularity of guitars in bands it was decided that Manfred Mann should have a guitarist in its line-up.
 Vickers volunteered for this role but he was always happiest playing woodwind.
 His tough flute soloing on hard blues tracks such as "Without You" prefigured the work of Ian Anderson with Jethro Tull five years later.
 As the group were all multi-instrumentalists who delighted in instrumental solos, multi-tracking was used to allow Vickers to perform on guitar and woodwind on the same recordings, while drummer Mike Hugg similarly doubled on vibraphone.
The Belize National Youth Chess Foundation (B.N.Y.C.F.) was co-founded by Ian & Ella Anderson in the summer of 2007 as a not-for-profit organization and with a small army of volunteers it spread throughout the country.
 The game of Chess has been around for a very long time but in Belize there were no formal organizations and no figures to indicate how many people were playing the game.
 Building on the founding by Mr. Robert Landolfi and Mr. Glen Reneau of the first school chess club at Hummingird Elementary and the Belize Association of Chess Players in Belize City, due to the efforts of the B.N.Y.C.F. there are now teams ranging from the most southern villages in Toledo District to the most northern villages along the Belize-Mexico border in the Corozal District.
 Since 2007, the organization has more than 50 active chess clubs and over 1400 players around the country and it functions all year round.
 An interview with Ian Anderson, Co-Chair, reveals that chess is not only a pastime or hobby in Belize; it can and should be used “as an educational tool to help develop the minds of primary school students.”
 The B.N.Y.C.F. has worked with primary schools to successfully integrate chess as a part of the curriculum of the primary schools in Belize.
 Within one year the game of Chess became the fastest growing sport in the country.
 As part of its efforts to promote this sport, the B.N.Y.C.F. assisted the Belize Chess Federation to become active again in 2008 by updating fees due to FIDE, the World Chess affiliate.
