OC Transpo Route 97 is the City of Ottawa bus (transitway) between downtown and the airport.
 It starts at Bayshore Station at Bayshore Shopping Centre and ends at either South Keys Station or the Airport.
 Several trips each day start or end at Tunney's Pasture Station.
 Some trips also serve Bells Corners after serving Bayshore Station.
OC Transpo Route 95 is the Ottawa transit network's busiest route, running on the Transitway across the city.
 The termination points are located in Barrhaven at Barrhaven Centre Station, and in Orléans at Place d'Orléans Station.
 Weekday trips may be extended to Trim Station, a few minutes east of Place d'Orléans.
 In addition, some trips also start or end at Baseline Station in the west end.
 During rush hour, a few trips start or end at Tunney's Pasture Station.
 Originally, the route served only the city core, but since the 1990s, the route has been expanded significantly to serve suburban areas, starting with Orléans in the early 1990s and Barrhaven in 2000.
OC Transpo Route 4 is a crosstown bus route operated by OC Transpo in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, that runs between Hurdman Station and the Rideau Centre in downtown Ottawa.
 All trips also serve Carleton University.
 Just like route 11, the route is not recognized as a rapid transit route by OC Transpo.
Route 61 (formerly known as Route 96) is a major bus-rapid transit route that travels between Terry Fox Station and St. Laurent Station via downtown Ottawa and the Transitway.
 Selected route 61 trips are also extended to serve Stittsville Station.
 It is one of the busiest routes operated by OC Transpo, and provides rapid transit service in Kanata along with OC Transpo Routes 62, 63 and 64.
 Route 61 is also the most congested route in service.
Nepean Sportsplex is a sports facility in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
 It is located at 1701 Woodroffe Avenue north of the Ottawa Greenbelt, near the former Confederation High School along OC Transpo route 95 in the former city of Nepean.
 This is the home arena to the Nepean Raiders hockey team of the Central Canada Hockey League.
Clarence-Rockland Transpo provides a public transportation service to residents of Clarence-Rockland, a city in eastern Ontario, Canada, about 35 km east of Ottawa.
 The commuter bus service is part of the "Rural Partners Transit Service" of OC Transpo.
Bayshore is a station on Ottawa, Ontario, Canada's transitway served by OC Transpo buses.
 It is located in the western transitway section at the Bayshore Shopping Centre in the neighbourhood of Bayshore.
 It is the western terminus for rapid transit route 97 and route 101 , as well as other crosstown routes such as route 11 and route 85 .
OC Transpo Route 11 is a major cross-town bus route operated by OC Transpo in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
 The route has its eastern terminus at Rideau Centre and its western terminus at Bayshore.
 Some trips also end at Westboro on weekends.
 Although not recognized as a rapid transit route by OC Transpo, it goes across-town.
 It was re-numbered to Route 11 from Route 2 on April 23, 2017.
Mackenzie King is a major station on the Ottawa Transitway.
 It is served by all three of OC Transpo's principal routes along with all express routes and several crosstown routes.
 It consists of reserved bus lanes on the Mackenzie King Bridge over the Rideau Canal, with indoor waiting areas attached to the adjacent Rideau Centre for westbound buses and the National Defence building for eastbound ones; the two sides are linked by crosswalks and pedestrian underpasses.
 It is one of the busiest stations, due to the high density, key connections and presence of numerous trip generators.
 There is also an OC Transpo shop in the Rideau Centre which supplies bus tickets, passes, and maps.
Millennium station is a current rapid-transit stop and a future OC Transpo Transitway Station located in the Orleans, Ontario area of Ottawa, Canada, just south of the intersection of Innes Road and Trim Road.
 Starting in September 2007, it is the eastern terminus of most Route 94 trips as well as routes 22, 30 and 122.
 It is also located just southwest of École secondaire Gisèle-Lalonde which is served by routes 30, 33, 122, 135, 611, 612 and 632.
