Mike Richardson (born June 29, 1950) is an American publisher, writer, and Emmy-winning producer.
 In 1986, he founded Dark Horse Comics, an award winning international publishing house located in Milwaukie, Oregon.
 Richardson is also the founder and President of the Things From Another World retail chain and president of Dark Horse Entertainment, which has developed and produced numerous projects for film and television based on Dark Horse properties or licensed properties.
"Can't Stop Thinking About You" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released in 1975 on his final album for Apple Records, "Extra Texture (Read All About It)".
 A love song in the style of a soul/R&B ballad, it was written by Harrison in December 1973, towards the end of his marriage to Pattie Boyd and while he was having an affair with Maureen Starkey, the wife of his former Beatles bandmate Ringo Starr.
 Having first considered the song for his 1974 release "Dark Horse", Harrison recorded "Can't Stop Thinking About You" in Los Angeles in May 1975 for his so-called "soul album", "Extra Texture".
 Some authors view its inclusion on the latter release as an obvious attempt by Harrison to commercialise the album, in response to the harsh critical reception afforded "Dark Horse" and his 1974 North American tour.
The Dark Horse Years 1976–1992 is a box set of albums by George Harrison, released in 2004.
 Comprising the singer's output on his Dark Horse record label, the set contains Harrison's five studio albums from "Thirty Three & 1/3" (1976) to "Cloud Nine" (1987), with bonus tracks, and his 1992 live album (spread over two discs) "Live in Japan", which features a special SACD remix in addition to its original mix.
 As with the 2014 reissues of Harrison's Apple Records output, the Dark Horse albums were also made available as separate releases.
 The box set's eighth disc, a DVD titled "The Dark Horse Years", includes promotional videos of Harrison's singles from the 1976–88 era and footage from his 1991 Japanese tour.
Dark Horse Records is a record label founded by former Beatle George Harrison in 1974.
 The label's formation coincided with the winding down of the Beatles' Apple Records and allowed Harrison to continue supporting other artists' projects while maintaining his solo career.
 The initial signings were Indian musician Ravi Shankar and Splinter, the last of whom provided the label with its only significant commercial success until Harrison signed with Dark Horse in 1976.
 The label was distributed internationally by A&M Records for the first two years of its operation.
 Following a highly publicised split with A&M, Harrison and Dark Horse formed a long-term partnership with Warner Bros.
 Records that lasted until the expiration of his contract in 1994.
Blackthorne Publishing put out the first six issues of "Roachmill" before creators Hedden and McWeeney were lured away by Dark Horse Comics.
 Dark Horse published an additional ten issues before the series was canceled.
 Dark Horse also published a special introductory Roachmill story in "Dark Horse Presents" No. 17 (April 1988), to announce the acquisition of the character.
"Dark Horse" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released as the title track to his 1974 solo album on Apple Records.
 The song was the album's lead single in North America, becoming a top-twenty hit in the United States, but it was Harrison's first single not to chart in Britain when issued there in February 1975.
 While the term "dark horse" had long been applied to Harrison due to his success as a solo artist following the Beatles' break-up in 1970, commentators recognise the song as Harrison's rebuttal to a number of possible detractors: those reviewers who criticised the spiritual content of his 1973 album "Living in the Material World"; his first wife, Pattie Boyd; and his former bandmates John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
 Harrison also used the title for that of his record label, and his 1974 North American tour with Ravi Shankar would come to be known as the Dark Horse Tour.
Dark Horse is the sixth studio album by the Canadian rock band Nickelback, released on November 17, 2008, in Europe and a day later elsewhere.
 It is the follow-up to their multi-platinum selling "All the Right Reasons" (2005).
 It was co-produced by the band and producer and songwriter Robert John "Mutt" Lange, known for working with such acts as Foreigner, AC/DC, Bryan Adams, Def Leppard and Shania Twain.
 "Dark Horse" sold 326,000 in its first week and debuted at number 2 in the US.
 More than a year after its release, the album did not leave the Top 100 on the "Billboard" 200.
 In its 91st week, the album peaked at #46 for the week of August 28, 2010.
 From 9 October, the album stayed at #71 for 97 consecutive weeks The album spent 125 consecutive weeks inside the "Billboard" 200.
 On the week of November 29, 2014, Dark Horse re-entered the "Billboard" 200 at #195, more than six years after the album's release.
The "Dark Horse" Tour was a worldwide concert tour by Canadian rock band Nickelback.
 It was their first world tour since the conclusion of their massive All the Right Reasons Tour, ending on September 2, 2007, in Kansas City, Missouri.
 The tour was in support of their new album "Dark Horse" (2008).
 Dates were announced on November 26, 2008.
 Seether and Saving Abel were the opening acts on the tour.
 On the second half of the North American tour, Hinder, Papa Roach, and Saving Abel were in support.
 Black Stone Cherry were the support act for the European tour of the UK in May 2009.
The Dark Horse Nebula or "Great Dark Horse" (sometimes called The Prancing Horse) is a large dark nebula, which as seen from Earth, obscures part of the upper central bulge of the Milky Way.
 The Dark Horse lies in the equatorial constellation Ophiuchus (the Serpent Bearer), near its borders with the more famous constellations Scorpius and Sagittarius.
 It is a significant, visible feature of the Milky Way's Great Rift.
Dark Horse is the fifth studio album by English musician George Harrison, released on Apple Records in December 1974 as the follow-up to "Living in the Material World".
 Although keenly anticipated on release, "Dark Horse" is associated with the controversial North American tour that Harrison staged with co-headliner Ravi Shankar in November and December that year.
 This was the first US tour by a member of the Beatles since 1966, and the public's nostalgia for the band, together with Harrison contracting laryngitis during rehearsals and choosing to feature Shankar so heavily in the program, resulted in scathing concert reviews from some influential music critics.
