Mark Serrurier (12 May 1904 in Pasadena, California – 14 February 1988) is the son of Dutch-born electrical engineer, Iwan Serrurier, who created the Moviola in 1924 which became the technology used for film editing.
 Mark was a graduate of Caltech and went on to work on designs for the Mt. Palomar 200 inch (5 m) Hale telescope.
 The pioneering truss design he invented for that instrument's massive tube structure (the "Serrurier truss") is still used today in large telescope designs.
 During World War II, Mark worked at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory testing jet aircraft engines.
 In 1942, Rolf Sabersky worked in mechanical design on the Southern California Cooperative Wind Tunnel under Serrurier and Hap Richards.
Vice Admiral John Madison Hoskins (October 22, 1898 – March 30, 1964) was an officer and aviator in the United States Navy.
 Four years after graduating the United States Naval Academy, Hoskins entered flight school and served his entire career in naval aviation, eventually commanding aircraft carriers in the Pacific Ocean during World War II.
 Despite losing his right foot in an explosion aboard USS "Princeton" (CVL-23) in 1944, Hoskins refused retirement and went on to serve as the first commanding officer of the new USS "Princeton" (CV-37).
 After the war, Hoskins became a leading proponent of jet aircraft on carriers, was assigned to training command of the first naval aviators designated for carrier assignment, and himself flew as commanding officer of the flight demonstration which convinced the Department of the Navy that jet aircraft should be a part of the aircraft carrier's fixed-wing complement.
The Gloster Meteor is a twin-engined jet fighter, the first jet aircraft to serve with the RAF and the only Allied jet aircraft to reach combat in World War II.
 Almost 4,000 were produced, mostly in service with the RAF between 1944 and 1965.
 Meteors also served with the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), whose aircraft saw action in the Korean War; other users included the Argentinian, Brazilian, Belgian, Danish, Dutch, Ecuadorian, French and Israeli air forces.
 Many are preserved but only five are airworthy.
Zip fuel, also known as high energy fuel (HEF), is any member of a family of jet fuels containing additives in the form of hydro-boron compounds, or "boranes".
 Zip fuels offered higher energy density than conventional fuels, helping extend the range of jet aircraft, a major problem for the military planners in the 1950s.
 A number of aircraft were designed to make use of zip, including the XB-70 Valkyrie, XF-108 Rapier, as well as the BOMARC, and even the nuclear-powered aircraft program.
 In testing, the fuels proved to have several serious problems and the entire effort was eventually canceled in 1959.
 It was later claimed that the Blackstar spaceplane uses zip fuel, but Blackstar is almost certainly mythical.
The Gloster Meteor was the first British jet fighter and the Allies' only jet aircraft to achieve combat operations during the Second World War.
 The Meteor's development was heavily reliant on its ground-breaking turbojet engines, pioneered by Sir Frank Whittle and his company, Power Jets Ltd.
 Development of the aircraft began in 1940, although work on the engines had been under way since 1936.
 The Meteor first flew in 1943 and commenced operations on 27 July 1944 with No. 616 Squadron RAF.
 The Meteor was not a sophisticated aircraft in its aerodynamics, but proved to be a successful combat fighter.
 Gloster's 1946 civil Meteor F.4 demonstrator "G-AIDC" was the first civilian-registered jet aircraft in the world.
The Air New Zealand mainline fleet consists of Boeing jet aircraft for long-haul flights, and Airbus jet aircraft for domestic- and short-haul international flights.
 Its two wholly owned subsidies, Mount Cook Airline and Air Nelson, operate ATR 72 and Bombardier Q300 turboprop aircraft respectively.
Richard Ira Bong (September 24, 1920 – August 6, 1945) was a United States Army Air Forces major and Medal of Honor recipient in World War II.
 He was one of the most decorated American fighter pilots and the country's highest-scoring flying ace in the war, being credited with shooting down 40 Japanese aircraft.
 All of his aerial victories were in the Lockheed P-38 Lightning fighter.
 He died in California while testing a jet aircraft shortly before the Japanese surrendered and the war ended.
The Cirrus Vision SF50, also called the "Vision Jet", is a single-engine, low-wing, seven-seat, very light jet aircraft designed and produced by Cirrus Aircraft.
 It is the first civilian single-engine jet to achieve certification with the FAA.
 This makes it the smallest and least expensive certified jet currently on the market.
 It is also equipped with the company's CAPS parachute (which deploys from the nose of the aircraft), making it the first jet of any kind to come with a whole-aircraft ballistic parachute.
Samoan Clipper was one of ten Pan American Airways Sikorsky S-42 flying boats.
 It exploded near Pago Pago, American Samoa, on January 11, 1938, while piloted by famous aviator Ed Musick.
 Musick and his crew of six died in the crash.
 The aircraft was carrying only airmail and express freight; no passengers were aboard.
An aviator call sign or aviator callsign is a call sign given to a military pilot, flight officer, and even some enlisted aviators.
 The call sign is a specialized form of nickname that is used as a substitute for the aviator's given name.
 It is used on flight suit and flight jacket name tags, painted/displayed beneath the officer's or enlisted aircrewman's name on aircraft fuselages or canopy rails, and in radio conversations.
 They are most commonly used in tactical jet aircraft communities (i.e., fighter and attack) than in other aircraft communities (i.e., airlift, mobility, maritime patrol), but their use is not totally exclusive to the former.
 Many NASA Astronauts with military aviator backgrounds are referred to during spaceflights by their call signs rather than their first names.
