Al Bundy is a fictional character and the essential protagonist of the U.S. television series "Married... with Children", played by Ed O'Neill.
 He is a misanthropic, beer-loving, indebted, working-class father of two, portrayed as somewhat a tragicomedic figure.
 Although he is cheap, unsuccessful, boorish, unhappy, and scheming, he nevertheless stands by his family, displaying wit, self-sacrifice and resilience in times of crisis.
 He and his wife, Peggy Bundy, were rated the 59th best characters on television by Bravo.
This is a list of characters in "Married... with Children".
 The show revolves around Al Bundy, his wife Peggy, children Kelly and Bud, their next-door neighbor Marcy, and her husband Steve Rhoades—who leaves in Season 4 and is eventually replaced by Jefferson D'Arcy.
Donald "Don" Stark (born July 5, 1954) is an American actor known for his role as Bob Pinciotti on the Fox Network sitcom "That '70s Show" for all eight seasons (19982006) and fictional Los Angeles Devils owner Oscar Kinkade in VH1's "Hit the Floor".
Ellen Cleghorne (born November 29, 1965) is an American actress and comedian, best known as a cast member of "Saturday Night Live" from 1991 to 1995.
 Cleghorne was the sketch comedy show's second African-American female repertory cast member, succeeding Danitra Vance in its eleventh season, and the first African-American female cast member to stay for more than one season.
 She returned for its 40th anniversary special on February 15, 2015.
 Cleghorne was ranked the 69th greatest "Saturday Night Live" cast member by "Rolling Stone" magazine.
Zach Woods (born September 25, 1984) is an American actor and comedian.
 He is best known for starring as Jared Dunn on the HBO comedy series "Silicon Valley".
 Prior to that, he was a series regular for 3 seasons on the NBC sitcom "The Office", playing the role of Gabe Lewis.
 He also recurs on the HBO series "Veep" and on the USA Network sitcom "Playing House".
Charlie Hoover is an American Fox Network sitcom which aired in 1991, starring Tim Matheson in the lead role and Sam Kinison, Lucy Webb and Bill Maher.
Andy Milder (born August 16, 1969) is an American actor and voice actor.
 He has appeared in such films as "Apollo 13", "Armageddon", "Rumor Has It…", "Frost/Nixon", "Transformers" and "Domino".
 He was a series regular on "Fame L.A." and "Weeds", and appeared on such shows as "", "", "The West Wing", "Six Feet Under", "Ugly Betty", "Boston Legal", "Parks and Recreation", "Married... with Children", "The Wonder Years", "Private Practice" and "Criminal Minds".
 Milder provided narration for "Ballroom Bootcamp", "101 Most Starlicious Make-Overs", and "Wrecks to Riches".
 He provided the voice of Prince Sebastian LaCroix in the 2004 video game "" and Lightning Lad in the 2006 animated series "Legion of Super Heroes" and the film "".
 From 2005 to 2009, he was a recurring cast member and later series regular on "Weeds" as Dean Hodes.
 Starting in 2011, he is a recurring cast member on the Disney Channel sitcom "Austin & Ally" as Lester Dawson.
 He also had an appearance on the show "Royal Pains" on the USA Network.
Jacqueline "Jackie" Beulah Burkhart (born September 24, 1961) is a fictional character portrayed by Mila Kunis on the Fox Network sitcom "That '70s Show".
 Jackie is one of the two female leads in the show.
Edward Leonard "Ed" O'Neill (born April 12, 1946) is an American actor and comedian.
 He is best known for playing Al Bundy on the Fox Network sitcom "Married... with Children", for which he was nominated for two Golden Globes; and playing patriarch Jay Pritchett on the award-winning ABC sitcom "Modern Family", a role for which he has been nominated for three Primetime Emmy Awards and won four Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Tammara "Tammy" Billik, (born in 1962, in Palo Alto, California) is a major Hollywood casting director who has cast hundreds of roles in television.
 Her best-known casting decision is when she and veteran casting director Marc Hirschfeld cast Ed O'Neill as Al Bundy for Fox Broadcasting's cult hit, "Married... with Children".
