One/Off Printmakers (1983-2017) was a group of professional printmakers formed in 1983 based in, but not limited to, Richmond, Virginia, who exhibited together for over thirty years in many venues throughout the world.
 The group originated at and was instrumental in the success of the Richmond Printmaking Workshop.
 In addition to the RPW, many of the One/Off Printmakers were faculty members or M.F.A alumni at Virginia Commonwealth University School of the Arts, the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts Studio School, the Hand Workshop (now VisArts), Sweet Briar College, , Richmond City schools, or the University of Richmond.
The Stone Soup Coffeehouse is a coffeehouse based in Rhode Island.
 It is one of the oldest folk music venues in Southern New England, having operated for over three decades.
 As of July 2012, it was housed in St. Paul's Episcopal Church, in Pawtucket, the most recent of many venues that have housed it.
The Revolutionary Snake Ensemble is costumed funk/street beat improvisational brass band based in the Boston area performing a unique blend of original and traditional second line brass band music.
 Led by saxophonist Ken Field, a longtime member of the modern music ensemble Birdsongs of the Mesozoic, the group's colorful costumes and creative arrangements have earned it invitations to entertain audiences as large as 20,000.
 Revolutionary Snake Ensemble performances have included many venues including: the New Orleans Krewe of Muses Mardi Gras Parade, Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, the Cambridge River Festival, the HONK!
 festival, Regattabar, the Central Square World's Fair, the Somerville Theater, First Night Boston, First Night Providence, First Night Fall River, the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, the Brooklyn Academy of Music, the Puffin Cultural Forum, Tipitina's (New Orleans) and the Berklee Performance Center.
The toilet circuit is the network of small music venues in the United Kingdom which rising indie, rock and metal bands often visit to gain support and promote themselves.
 It is so named after the Tunbridge Wells Forum, a staple venue of the toilet circuit, which is actually a public toilet converted into a venue.
 Most of Britain's large towns and cities are home to at least one toilet circuit venue, although a regular toilet-circuit tour is only around 20 dates long at the most, meaning not all of the said venues are present in all toilet-circuit tours.
 Some of the largest cities, however, such as London, Manchester, Glasgow and Nottingham, appear on almost every tour, and these cities accordingly have many venues which could be described as "toilet venues".
 The circuit is mentioned in the Muse song "Muscle Museum" – "I have played in every toilet."
 Frank Turner also references it in the song "I Still Believe", as "toilet circuit touring stops".
A selfie stick is a monopod used to take selfie photographs by positioning a smartphone or camera beyond the normal range of the arm.
 The metal sticks are typically extensible, with a handle on one end and an adjustable clamp on the other end to hold a phone in place.
 Some have remote or Bluetooth controls, letting the user decide when to take the picture, and models designed for cameras have a mirror behind the viewscreen so that the shot can be lined up.
 In contrast to a monopod for stabilising a camera on the ground, a selfie stick's arm is thickest and strongest at the opposite end from the camera in order to provide better grip and balance when held aloft.
 Safety concerns and the inconvenience the product causes to others have resulted in them being banned at many venues, including all Disney Parks, both Universal Studios Orlando and Hollywood.
Timothy Vivian is a Pershore-based artist and retired teacher and lecturer.
 He taught art at The King's School, Worcester from 1957 to 1971 and lectured at the University of Worcester from 1971 until 1985.
 Vivian has exhibited his paintings on many occasions and in many venues, including at the Royal Society of British Artists’ galleries in London and in a one-man exhibition entitled "Retrospective" at Worcester Cathedral in 2010.
 Timothy Vivian offered the money raised from the sale of his "Retrospective" collection of artwork to Christian Aid.
 The inspiration and style of Timothy's work comes from his travels and scenes of nature.
Calypso tents are venues in which calypsonians perform during the Carnival season.
 They usually are cinema halls, community centers, or other indoor buildings which have seating and stage arrangements to host the entertainers, guests and patrons; or outdoor shows which are held in parks or, more famously, in the Queen's Park Savannah.
 Some of these tents are held at many venues, called Roving Caravans or Roving Tents.
The Harvard Radcliffe Chorus (HRC) is the largest mixed choir at Harvard University and has a diverse membership consisting of faculty members, staff, community members, and both undergraduate and graduate students.
 HRC was founded in 1979 and continues to perform twice a year as of 2015.
 HRC usually performs its master concerts at Sanders Theatre at Harvard University, one of the many venues in the Boston area with high-quality acoustics.
 When a large pipe organ is required for a masterwork, such as Berlioz's "Te Deum", the chorus performs in a large church in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Bata Spasojević is a well known fashion designer from Serbia.
 His designs have been showcased at many venues in his own country plus abroad.
 He designs both clothes for men and women.
The 2003 Special Olympics World Summer Games were hosted in Ireland, with participants staying in various host towns around the island in the lead up to the games before moving to Dublin for the events.
 Events were held from 21–29 June 2003 at many venues including Morton Stadium, the Royal Dublin Society, the National Basketball Arena, all in Dublin.
 Croke Park served as the central stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies, even though no competitions took place there.
 Belfast, Northern Ireland was the venue for roller skating events (at the Kings Hall), as well as the Special Olympics Scientific Symposium (held from 19–20 June).
