Bob Ryan is a retired meteorologist who most recently forecasted for WJLA, the ABC affiliate in Washington, D.C..
 From 1980–2010, he served as the chief meteorologist at Washington NBC affiliate WRC-TV.
 Before serving as the station's chief meteorologist for 30 years, he was previously the "Today Show's" first on-air meteorologist, which was also the first network television meteorologist position.
 When Willard Scott replaced Ryan on "Today", he and Scott effectively exchanged jobs, with Ryan taking over the meteorologist position vacated by Scott on WRC.
Pedram Javaheri also known as "P.J. Javaheri" (born May 24, 1983) is an Iranian-American meteorologist for CNN International based at the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia.
 He can be seen regularly on editions of CNN Newsroom and World Business Today.
 He regularly fills in on HLN's Morning Express With Robin Meade and also appears on CNN U.S. during breaking news and severe weather coverage.
The Atlanta Braves Radio Network is a 138-station network (97 A.M., 41 F.M. stations + 1 F.M. translator) heard across 10 states & one territory of the Southeastern United States that airs Major League Baseball games of the Atlanta Braves.
 The flagship stations are WCNN and WYAY in Atlanta, Georgia.
 The main announcers are Jim Powell and Don Sutton, who alternate between play-by-play and color commentary on each broadcast.
 Ben Ingram is the pregame and postgame host and occasionally fills in on play-by-play, while Kevin McAlpin serves as a dugout reporter.
 Mark Lemke provides pregame/postgame analysis and occasionally fills in for Sutton on game broadcasts.
 Former known long-time announcers include Pete Van Wieren, Ernie Johnson, Sr. and Skip Caray, all deceased.
 The engineer and game producer for Braves Network broadcasts is Brian "Grandma" Giffin.
 Network Producers and Operators include Jonathan Chadwick, Chris Culwell, Sean Nerny, Kevin D'Amico, Brian Hoyt, Isiah Stewart and Eric Quintana.
Ginger Renee Colonomos (née Zuidgeest; born January 13, 1981), known by her pseudonym Ginger Zee, is an American television personality.
 She is the chief meteorologist for ABC News.
 Previously she was their weekend meteorologist.
Zee Variasi was a Hindi entertainment channel that starts its broadcast on 31 August 2006, originally through channel 74.
 The channel moved to channel 21 in late 2006, and channel 108 when the channel renumbering takes effect on 1 October 2007.
 The Zee Variasi name was used from 31 January 2011.
 The channel ended its broadcast 30 September 2016 and was replaced by TARA HD on the same channel number.
 Unlike Zee Variasi, Tara HD is a high-definition channel.
Kait Parker is an atmospheric scientist who currently works for weather.com and The Weather Channel app.
 She can also occasionally be seen on "Good Morning America" where she fills-in for meteorologist Rob Marciano on weekends.
.
 Prior to her role with weather.com, she was an on-camera meteorologist and host of America's Morning Headquarters Weekend Edition alongside Reynolds Wolf.
 She left The Weather Channel television network in early 2016.
Gurdeep Kohli is an Indian actress, known for her popular roles as Dr. Juhi Singh in Star TV's "Sanjivani", Vedika on Zee TV's "Sindoor Tere Naam Ka", Himani Singh on Disney Channel's "Best of Luck Nikki" and Sethji Ahilya Devi in Zee TV 's "Sethji".
She replaced Prachi Desai as Bani in Kasamh Se in which she played female lead.
Robert Mark "Rob" Marciano (born June 25, 1968) is an American journalist and meteorologist who is currently employed by ABC News.
 Marciano is ABC's, and currently provides forecasts for the weekend editions of "Good Morning America", a position Ginger Zee vacated when she was chosen to succeed Champion on the daily editions of "GMA".
Bin Kuch Kahe is an Indian Hindi comedy-drama finite television series, which airs from February 6, 2017 and is broadcast on Zee TV at 6.30 PM (IST).
 The series is produced by Rajshree Ojha and is set in Jaipur.
 The series is aired on weekdays' evenings.The show went off air on 18 August 2017 and got by replaced by Zee TV new Horror show Bhootu.
Satrangi Sasural was a Hindi-language Indian soap opera, broadcast on Zee TV channel from 3 December 2014 to 26 March 2016, Monday through Saturday.
 It starred Ravish Desai and Mugdha Chaphekar in the lead roles.
 It outlines the journey of a middle-class woman Aarushi, who marries into a wealthy family in the heart of Delhi, which consists of her husband, Vihaan Vatsal, and seven mothers-in-law.
 The show is an adaption of the Zee Marathi series "Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi".
 Originally, it was broadcast Mon–Fri at 10:00PM IST; on 21 September 2015, the show took a four-year leap with the death of the character Aarushi (played by Mugdha Chaphekar), with Vrushika Mehta portraying the new female lead, and aired Mon–Sat at 6:00PM IST.
The show was initially a favourite among everyone but with the death of Aarushi's character on 21st Sept 2015, the show dropped its TRP.
 Again with the entry of D3 famed actress Vrushika Mehta, the show somehow manages to keep its position among the audiences, but later on with the poor storyline of the show, the show gradually began to fall.
 The makers of the show thought of making the story freshly & killed the character of Vihaan who was the main male protagonist & introduced Rahul Sharma opposite Vrushika during the episodes aired on the 2nd week of March 2016.
 Later there was no development on the TRP of the show & finally the makers pulled the plan of airing off the show at the end of March 2016.
 The show aired its last on 26 March 2016 and ended on a happy note.
 The show was replaced with Sarojini - Ek Nayi Pehal which was before aired on the 6:30 time slot while the slot timing of Sarojini - Ek Nayi Pehal was replaced with the new supernatural Zee TV show 'Vishkanya Ek Anokhi Prem Kahani '.
