Notes of a Native Son is a non-fiction book by James Baldwin.
 It was his first non-fiction book, and was published in 1955.
 The volume collects ten of Baldwin's essays, which had previously appeared in such magazines as "Harper's Magazine", "Partisan Review", and "The New Leader".
 The essays mostly tackle issues of race in America and Europe.
David Kushner is a writer who has contributed to publications including "Wired", "The New York Times", "Rolling Stone", SPIN, "IEEE Spectrum" and "Salon".
 From 1994 to 1996 he worked as a senior producer and writer on the SonicNet website.
 The first edition of his non-fiction book, "Masters of Doom", was published in 2003.
 His second non-fiction book, "Jonny Magic and the Card Shark Kids", was published in 2005.
 Kushner's book, "Levittown: Two Families, One Tycoon, and the Fight for Civil Rights in America's Legendary Suburb", was published in 2009.
Rachel's Tears: The Spiritual Journey of Columbine Martyr Rachel Scott is a non-fiction book about Rachel Scott, the first victim of the Columbine High School massacre.
A Short History of Progress is a non-fiction book and lecture series by Ronald Wright about societal collapse.
 The lectures were delivered as a series of five speeches, each taking place in different cities across Canada as part of the 2004 Massey Lectures which were broadcast on the CBC Radio program, "Ideas".
 The book version was published by House of Anansi Press and released at the same time as the lectures.
 The book spent more than a year on Canadian best-seller lists, won the Canadian Book Association's Libris Award for Non-Fiction Book of the Year, and was nominated for the British Columbia's National Award for Canadian Non-Fiction.
 It has since been reprinted in a hardcover format with illustrations.
The FairTax Book is a non-fiction book by libertarian radio talk show host Neal Boortz and Congressman John Linder, published on August 2, 2005, as a tool to increase public support and understanding for the FairTax plan.
 Released by ReganBooks, the hardcover version held the #1 spot on the "New York Times" Best Seller list for the last two weeks of August 2005 and remained in the top ten for seven weeks.
 The paperback reprint of the book in May 2006 contains additional information and an afterword.
 It also spent several weeks on the "New York Times" Best Seller list.
 Boortz stated that he donates his share of the proceeds to charity to promote the book.
Finding Chandra: A True Washington Murder Mystery is a non-fiction book by Scott Higham and Sari Horwitz, two Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative journalists at the "Washington Post".
 The book, released in May 2010, chronicles the 2001 disappearance of Washington, DC intern Chandra Levy, whose remains were found one year later in an isolated area of the city's 2800 acre Rock Creek Park.
 Higham and Horwitz present a thoroughly researched narrative of Chandra's case and the factors that complicated it—an affair between the victim and Congressman Gary Condit, missteps by DC law enforcement, and relentless scrutiny from national media.
 "Finding Chandra" has received early praise, most notably from fellow "Washington Post" colleague Bob Woodward, who declared it to be "Washington's "In Cold Blood", expertly and marvelously told by two of journalism's greatest investigative reporters."
Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream is a 1990 non-fiction book written by H. G. Bissinger.
 The book follows the story of the 1988 Permian High School Panthers football team from Odessa, Texas, as they made a run towards the Texas state championship.
 While originally intended to be a "Hoosiers"-type chronicle of high school sports that holds together a small town, the final book ended up being critical about life in the town of Odessa.
 It was later adapted for television and film.
The Cases That Haunt Us is a non-fiction book written by John E. Douglas, a former Federal Bureau of Investigation profiler and investigative chief, and Mark Olshaker.
 Profiling is described by Rodger Lyle Brown, author of the book review, as "the art and science of looking at the specifics of a crime -- the scene, the facts about the victim, the evidence and the act itself -- and extrapolating a portrait of the culprit's psyche and personal habits."
A Traveller in War-Time is a non-fiction book by American author Winston Churchill recounting his travels in Europe during World War I.
 Released in July 1918 with the full title "A Traveller in War-time with an Essay on the American Contribution and the Democratic Idea", the essay comprises about half of the book.
 It was Churchill's first non-fiction book.
Stealing the Mystic Lamb is the title of a non-fiction book by art historian Noah Charney.
 The full title of the book is Stealing the Mystic Lamb: The True Story of the World’s Most Coveted Masterpiece.
 The book was published in 2010 by PublicAffairs.
 It tells the story of The "Ghent Altarpiece" (also known as "The Adoration of the Mystic Lamb," or simply "The Mystic Lamb"), a monumental oil painting by the Flemish master Jan van Eyck, currently on display in the cathedral of Saint Bavo, in the city of Ghent.
 The work is arguably the most influential painting in history, and it is also the most frequently stolen artwork of all-time.
 Charney’s book tells the story of the artwork and the many crimes and mysteries of which it was the victim since its completion in 1432.
