Whispering Corridors () is a 1998 South Korean horror film.
 It was part of the explosion in Korean cinema following the liberalization of censorship in the aftermath of the end of the country's military dictatorship, and makes a strong social commentary on authoritarianism and conformity in the harsh South Korean education system.
Dead Friend (; lit.
 "The Ghost") is a 2004 South Korean horror film.
 It is one of a number of South Korean horror films set in high school; the trend began with 1998's "Whispering Corridors".
Whispering Corridors (; also known as Ghost School and Ghost School Horror) is a South Korean horror film series.
 The series uses an all-girls high school as the backdrop for each of its films and doesn't share a continuing plot.
 Every "Whispering Corridors" film features a different plot, characters and settings.
 The series is notable for helping generate the explosion of the New Korean Wave cinematic movement, and dealing with taboo topics such as authoritarianism in the harsh South Korean education system, gay relationships and teen suicide, following the liberalization of censorship.
Hwang Bo-ra (born October 2, 1983) is a South Korean actress.
 Hwang made her acting debut in 2003 and became popular after she played a quirky-looking "cup noodle girl" in a ramyeon commercial.
 In 2007, Hwang played the daughter/narrator in black comedy "Skeletons in the Closet" (also known as "Shim's Family"), for which she won Best New Actress at the Busan Film Critics Awards and Director's Cut Awards.
Thirst (Korean: 박쥐; Bakjwi ; literally: "Bat") is a 2009 South Korean horror film written, produced and directed by Park Chan-wook.
 It is loosely based on the novel "Thérèse Raquin" by Émile Zola.
 The film tells the story of a Catholic priest—who is in love with his friend’s wife—turning into a vampire through a failed medical experiment.
 Park has stated, "This film was originally called 'The Bat' to convey a sense of horror.
 After all, it is about vampires.
 But it is also more than that.
 It is about passion and a love triangle.
 I feel that it is unique because it is not just a thriller, and not merely a horror film, but an illicit love story as well."
 The film won the Jury Prize at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 It is the first mainstream Korean film to feature full-frontal male nudity.
Hwang Woo-seul-hye (born Hwang Jin-hee on August 10, 1979) is a South Korean actress.
 She made her acting debut as a "dumb blonde"-type character in the critically praised black comedy "Crush and Blush" (2008).
 Hwang has since played leading roles in the indie melodrama "Lovers Vanished" (2010), the TV sitcom "I Need a Fairy" (also known as "Sent from Heaven", 2012), and the romantic comedy "Virgin Theory: 7 Steps to Get On the Top" (2014).
Monster () is a 2014 South Korean thriller film written and directed by Hwang In-ho, starring Lee Min-ki and Kim Go-eun.
Hwang In-ho is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.
 He wrote and directed the horror-romantic comedy "Spellbound" (2011) and the crime thriller "Monster" (2014).
Dancing Queen (Hangul: 댄싱퀸 ; RR: "Daensing Kwin " ) is 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Uhm Jung-hwa and Hwang Jung-min.
 The film tells a story of a married couple, who in the midst of their mundane lives decides to pursue their lost dreams.
 The husband finds himself accidentally running for Mayor of Seoul and his wife decides to become a pop singer.
 It was produced by JK Film and distributed by CJ Entertainment, and released on January 18, 2012.
Spellbound (; lit.
 "Chilling Romance") is a 2011 South Korean horror romantic comedy film, starring Son Ye-jin and Lee Min-ki.
 It is about a magician who falls in love with a woman who can see ghosts.
 It was written and directed by Hwang In-ho which also marks his directorial debut.
