Payneham South is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters.
 It has traditionally been market gardens but is currently undergoing a building boom in which many smaller houses are being built.
Marryatville is a suburb to the east of Adelaide's central business district.
 Along with neighbouring Heathpool, it is part of the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters whereas all the suburbs around it, with the exception of Kensington are in Burnside City Council.
St Peters is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters.
Royston Park is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters.
 This is a narrow suburb at a little more than 200 m wide.
 Royston Park is bordered by Joslin and Marden, along with the River Torrens.
Hackney is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters.
 It is adjacent to the City centre and North Adelaide.
 Part of the O Bahn system lies here and presently, this system is being upgraded.
 Hackney Road and Payneham Road are main roads running through the suburb.
 Hackney Road is part of the City Ring Route, Adelaide.
 There are many expensive houses in this area.
Evandale is a small suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters.
 It is bounded on the northwest by Payneham Road and on the east by Portrush Road, with smaller streets bounding the north and south.
The City of Campbelltown is a local government area in the north eastern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia about 6 kilometres from the Adelaide GPO.
 The City is bordered by the River Torrens and the City of Tea Tree Gully, the District of Adelaide Hills, the City of Burnside, the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters, and the City of Port Adelaide Enfield.
 The City has an estimated population of 51,889 people.
Marryatville High School is a public state school in Adelaide, South Australia.
 It was formed in 1976 during the Don Dunstan era of South Australia from the amalgamation of the Norwood Boys' Technical High School and the Kensington & Norwood Girls High School.
 The school is situated on a large area of land in the eastern suburb of Marryatville, part of the City of Norwood Payneham and St Peters.
 First Creek cuts through the school grounds and large gum trees line the property.
Payneham is a northeastern suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters.
 It is part of a string of suburbs in Adelaide's north-east with a high proportion of Adelaide's Italian-Australian and French-Australian residents, many of whom can be traced back to the large-scale migration following the Second World War.
Joslin is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters.
 It is rectangular, stretching from Payneham Road (southeast) to the River Torrens and Torrens Linear Park (northwest), but from Lambert Road on the northeast only about 350m along the numbered avenues towards the next cross street which is in St Peters.
