The World Series of Poker (WSOP) is a series of poker tournaments held annually in Las Vegas and, since 2005, sponsored by Caesars Entertainment Corporation (known as Harrah's Entertainment until 2010).
 It dates its origins to 1970, when Benny Binion invited seven of the best-known poker players to the Horseshoe Casino for a single tournament, with a set start and stop time, and a winner determined by a secret ballot of the seven players.
Binion's Gambling Hall & Hotel, formerly Binion's Horseshoe, is a casino on the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas, Nevada.
 It is owned by TLC Casino Enterprises.
 The casino is named for its founder, Benny Binion, whose family ran it from its founding in 1951 until 2004.
 The hotel, which had 366 rooms, closed in 2009.
The Horseshoe Casino Tunica is a casino resort located in Tunica Resorts, Mississippi.
 It was developed by Jack Binion, the son of Las Vegas gaming legend Benny Binion and named after his father's famous Binion's Horseshoe downtown gambling hall.
 Much like its namesake, the Horseshoe Tunica is known for catering to serious gamblers, particularly table games players, and is known for its liberal, player-favorable rules and its comp policies.
The Mouse That Jack Built is a 1959 Warner Bros. "Merrie Melodie" cartoon short starring Jack Benny and the regular cast of "The Jack Benny Program" as mice.
 It was written by Tedd Pierce and directed by Robert McKimson, with music by Milt Franklyn.
U.S.A. Confidential is a 1952 book written by Jack Lait and Lee Mortimer (Crown Publishers).
 Its theme is crime and corruption.
 The book is remarkable for early mentions of many who would become infamous, among them Benny Binion and Jimmy Fratianno.
This is a list of movies featuring comedian Jack Benny.
 Benny's career lasted from the early 1900s until his death in 1974.
 In Jack Benny's first film he starred along with Conrad Nagel as master of ceremonies in "The Hollywood Revue of 1929", which was a big role for Jack at the time.
 Benny wouldn't start getting well known until his own radio program in 1934.
 "The Hollywood Revue" is also the oldest known form of Jack Benny in color with the last sequence being filmed originally in color, which was common for a musical in 1929.
Jack Benny Binion (born February 21, 1937 in Dallas, Texas) is an American businessman.
 Binion is the son of casino magnate Benny Binion and worked for his father at Binion's Horseshoe, a casino and hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Milt Josefsberg (June 29, 1911 – December 14, 1987) was a radio writer for "The Jack Benny Program", and later a writer for many television sitcoms, such as "Archie Bunker's Place", "All in the Family", "Here's Lucy", "The Lucy Show", "The Odd Couple" and "The Jack Benny Show".
 He wrote books on the Jack Benny Show and comedy writing.
 Jim Wickey of "The Green House", "The Rip Borsley Show" once commented about Josefsberg:
The World Poker Tour bracelet is the World Poker Tour's (WPT) answer to the World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet.
 Beginning in 1976, the WSOP started awarding bracelets to winners of WSOP events.
 The WSOP bracelet has become synonymous with greatness.
 "It's impossible to overstate the value of a World Series of Poker gold bracelet to anyone who takes the game seriously," stated World Series of Poker Commissioner Jeffrey Pollack during the 2006 bracelet unveiling.
 "It is the equivalent of winning the Stanley Cup in hockey or the Lombardi Trophy in football."
 Since their introduction, a poker player's success has been measured by the number of bracelets they had won.
 With introduction of the WPT bracelet, the WPT hopes to capitalize on the prestige of winning poker bracelets.
 WPT Founder, President and CEO, Steve Lipscomb said, "The championship bracelet has become synonymous with poker as a symbol of achievement and respect, and we are honored to continue the tradition that Benny Binion [the founder of the WSOP] began over 30 years ago."
The Poker Hall of Fame is the hall of fame of professional poker in the United States.
 Founded in Las Vegas, it was created in 1979 by Benny Binion, the owner of the Horseshoe Casino, to preserve the names and legacies of the world's greatest poker players and to serve as a tourist attraction to his casino.
 Binion was known for the creative ways in which he marketed his casino.
 In 1949, he convinced Johnny Moss and Nick "The Greek" Dandolos to play high-stakes poker heads up where the public could watch them.
 In 1970, he invited a group of poker players to compete in what would be the first World Series of Poker (WSOP).
 When Harrah's Entertainment, now known as Caesars Entertainment, acquired the rights to the WSOP in 2004, it also assumed ownership of the Poker Hall of Fame.
 Currently, membership in the Poker Hall of Fame is handled directly by the WSOP.
