Smart rubber is a polymeric material that is able to "heal" when torn.
 Near room temperature this process is reversible and can be cycled several times.
 Supramolecular self-healing rubber can be processed, re-used, and ultimately recycled.
 The edges of a tear can be held together, and they will simply re-bond into apparent solidity.
 This is done by utilizing a hydrogen-bonding polymer, rather than producing a material whose structure would depend on covalent bonding and ionic bonding between chains, which is typical of normal rubber.
 In this case hydrogen bonding can occur simply by pressing two faces of the substance together, allowing the recovery of a continuous hydrogen bonding network.
Jersey is a knit fabric used predominantly for clothing manufacture.
 It was originally made of wool, but is now made of wool, cotton, and synthetic fibres.
 Since medieval times Jersey, Channel Islands, where the material was first produced, had been an important exporter of knitted goods and the fabric in wool from Jersey became well known.
 The fabric can be a very stretchy single knitting, usually light-weight, jersey with one flat side and one piled side.
 When made with a lightweight yarn, this is the fabric most often used to make T-shirts. Or it can be a double knitted jersey (interlock jersey), with less stretch, that creates a heavier fabric of two single jerseys knitted together to leave the two flat sides on the outsides of the fabric, with the piles in the middle.
 Jersey is considered to be an excellent fabric for draped garments, such as dresses, and women's tops.
Felted is a term variously applied to hairy or otherwise filamentous material that is densely packed or tangled, forming felt or felt-like structures.
 Apart from fibres in felted fabric manufactured by humans, the term "felted" may apply to the condition of hair such as in the pathological condition known as felted hair, or it may apply to the tangled threads of the tissue of certain fungi, to matted fibres in animal connective tissue, or to the felted outer coat of certain plants.
 To say that something is felted need not imply that any processes of matting, condensing and pressing fibres have been applied as in the processes for artificial production of felt fabric.
 Depending on the nature of the felted material, it might rely purely on the scaly or barbed texture of the matted fibres to prevent unraveling, but commonly it will include clayey or sticky materials for its structural integrity, or for increased density.
Lesley Foxcroft is an English Sculptor working mostly in MDF, Paper and Card.
 She studied at the Camberwell School of Fine Art from 1970-1974 and has gone on to be part of several solo and group exhibitions.
Glass wool is an insulating material made from fibres of glass arranged using a binder into a texture similar to wool.
 The process traps many small pockets of air between the glass, and these small air pockets result in high thermal insulation properties.
 Glass wool is produced in rolls or in slabs, with different thermal and mechanical properties.
 It may also be produced as a material that can be sprayed or applied in place, on the surface to be insulated.
 The modern method for producing glass wool is the invention of Games Slayter working at the Owens-Illinois Glass Co. (Toledo, Ohio).
 He first applied for a patent for a new process to make glass wool in 1933.
Paper is a thin material produced by pressing together moist fibres of cellulose pulp derived from wood, rags or grasses, and drying them into flexible sheets.
Plywood is a sheet material manufactured from thin layers or "plies" of wood veneer that are glued together with adjacent layers having their wood grain rotated up to 90 degrees to one another.
 It is an engineered wood from the family of manufactured boards which includes medium-density fibreboard (MDF) and particle board (chipboard).
A textile or cloth is a flexible material consisting of a network of natural or artificial fibres (yarn or thread).
 Yarn is produced by spinning raw fibres of wool, flax, cotton, hemp, or other material to produce long strands.
 Textiles are formed by weaving, knitting, crocheting, knotting, or felting.
Wild About Nothing is debut studio album by Helen Hoffner.
 It was the culmination of ten years work that started in 1982 when Helen joined the band The Astronauts (Stiff Records) with Simon Burton and David Lief.
 Subsequently, Simon and Helen formed an all-girl band called The Marines (CBS/Sony Records) with Denny Jones and Sarah Pritchard; Simon wrote and produced the material and they were managed by Colin Lester.
 After a couple of minor hit singles and tour support for Kylie Minogue in 1989, it was decided that Helen should become a solo artist.
 For the next 18 months, Helen and Simon worked on putting her solo album together.
 They signed to Warner Brothers and began recording in April 1992.
 Produced by Hugh Padgham and Simon Burton, the album featured Vinnie Colaiuta - Drums; Pino Palidino - Bass; Dominic Miller - Guitar; Bob Marlett and Michael Scherchen - Keyboards.
 The original pressing of the album only had 11 tracks; "Edge of a Dream" (featuring Bryan Adams) was added later on, not having been a part of the original album recording.
 "Summer of Love", which was a hit in Norway and Finland, has been covered by Faye Wong and numerous other artists.
 The album sold gold in Finland.
Medium-density fibreboard (MDF) is an engineered wood product made by breaking down hardwood or softwood residuals into wood fibres, often in a defibrator, combining it with wax and a resin binder, and forming panels by applying high temperature and pressure.
 MDF is generally denser than plywood.
 It is made up of separated fibres, but can be used as a building material similar in application to plywood.
 It is stronger and much denser than particle board.
