Doug Van Pelt, giving the album four stars for "HM Magazine", writes, "When looking back at P.O.D.’s amazing career, there’s probably going to be some landmark albums that stand out in most fan’s minds... This one is not far behind."
 Awarding the album four out of five stars from "CCM Magazine", Matt Conner states, they will "remain at the top", with Howard Benson's production, where it has the theme of a "central character coming to terms with his own mistakes...[giving the album] meaningful depth."
 Mary Nikkel, rating the album four and a half stars at New Release Today, says, ""The Awakening" easily one of the strongest rock releases of the year, a must-have for longtime fans and newcomers thirsty for some heavy music with substance."
 Indicating in a ten out of ten review at Cross Rhythms, replies, "An album likely to be eventually acknowledged as P.O.D.'s finest ever release."
 Chad Bowar, rating the album three stars from About.com, says, "P.O.D. fans will be intrigued by the wide variety of styles and the memorable songs on "The Awakening"."
Sandra Dee (born Alexandra Zuck; April 23, 1942 – February 20, 2005) was an American actress.
 Dee began her career as a child model, working in commercials before transitioning to film in her teenage years.
 Best known for her portrayal of ingénues, Dee earned a Golden Globe Award as one of the year's most promising newcomers for her performance in Robert Wise's "Until They Sail" (1958).
 She became a teenage star for her subsequent performances in "Imitation of Life" and "Gidget" (both 1959), which made her a household name.
Nan Love Track (Kannada: ನನ್ ಲವ್ ಟ್ರ್ಯಾಕ್ ) is a 2016 Indian Kannada language romance film directed by Kathir, who is best known for his successful Tamil films such as "Kadhal Desam" (1996) and "Kadhalar Dhinam"(1999) and "Idhayam"(1991), making his debut in Kannada cinema.
 The film stars newcomers Rakshith Gowda and Nidhi Kushalappa in the lead roles.
"Tere Mere Phere" (Hindi: तेरे मेरे फेरे English: Our wedding vows ) is an 2011 Hindi romantic comedy, Road film directed by well known and respected actress Deepa Sahi, and produced by the internationally acclaimed producer director Ketan Mehta and renowned singer Anup Jalota.
 Presented by Sitara Productions, it is a Maya Movies Production.
 It stars Vinay Pathak.
 Riya Sen in the lead roles and introduces newcomers Jagrat Desai and Sasha Goradia.
 The story of the film has been written by Deepa Sahi and Jagrat Desai.
 The music is by Shivi R. Kashyap and the lyrics are penned by Manoj ‘Muntashir’ and Ketan Mehta.
 Most of the songs are choreographed by Bollywood choreographer Jeet Singh.
 It was released on 30 September 2011 to a mixed but mostly positive reception from critics.
The flag of Arkansas, also known as the Arkansas flag, consists of a red field charged with a large blue-bordered white lozenge (or diamond).
 Twenty-nine five-pointed stars appear on the flag: twenty-five small white stars within the blue border, and four larger blue stars in the white diamond.
 The inscription "ARKANSAS" appears in blue within the white lozenge, with one star above and three stars below.
 The star above and the two outer stars below point upwards; the inner star below points downwards.
 The flag was designed by Willie Hocker of Jefferson County, a member of the Pine Bluff Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution.
ADS 9731 is a star system that consists of six stars.
 Four of the stars are visually separate in the sky, forming a visual star system, which was resolved using adaptive optics in 1995.
 Two of these stars were themselves found to be spectroscopic binaries in 1998, resulting in a total of six known stars in the system.
 It is one of very few multiple star systems known to have at least six members.
 The components are organised thus: Aa and Ab are yellow-white main sequence stars of spectral types F4V and F5V and 1.35 and 1.32 solar masses respectively, which orbit each other every 3.27 days.
 This pair is in a 450-year orbit with star B, a star of spectral type G4V that has around the same mass as the Sun.
 Star C is a yellow white star of spectral type F3V around 1.41 times as massive as the sun, which has just started brightening and moving off the main sequence.
 It is in a 1000-year orbit with a pair of stars, Da and Db, a yellow-white main sequence star of spectral type F7V and a red dwarf of spectral type M3V.
 Da and Db take 14.28-days to orbit each other.
 Finally the system of stars C and Dab, and the system of stars Aab and B, take over 20,000 years to orbit each other.
Easan (Tamil: ஈசன் ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written, directed and produced by M. Sasikumar, directing his second film after the blockbuster, "Subramaniapuram".
 It stars Samuthirakani, Vaibhav, producer A. L. Alagappan and Abhinaya in lead roles alongside several newcomers.
 The film was known and referred to as "Nagaram" and "Aaga Chiranthavan" before the official title was confirmed.
 It released on 17 December 2010.
Dan Kavanagh is a British rock drummer best known for his work with Jamie Lenman and Godsized.
 In May 2014 he was listed as one of the top 10 British drumming newcomers by Rhythm, who called him a "hard hitting rock fiend juggling two intense gigs".
 He has since become a contributor to Rhythm.
Vaada Poda Nanbargal is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by Manikai.
 P. Arumaichandran has produced this movie under the banner 8 Point Entertainments.
 The film stars newcomers Nanda, Sharran Kumar and Yashika in the lead roles.
 The lead actor Nanda happens to be one of the strong contender of a popular television series "Yaar Adutha Prabhu Deva" aired on Vijay TV.
NSYNC in Concert (also known as the Second II None Tour, Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now Tour, Boys of Summer Tour and The Winter Shows) is the second concert tour by American boy band, NSYNC.
 Primarily visiting North America, the tour supported the band's debut studio album, "NSYNC".
 The trek lasted eighteen months, playing over two hundred concerts in over one hundred cities.
 In 1998, the tour was nominated for "Best New Artist Tour" by Pollstar Concert Industry Awards.
 It also became one of the biggest tours in 1999, earning over $50 million.
 Supporting the band on the tour were newcomers Britney Spears, B*Witched and Mandy Moore along with music veterans Jordan Knight, Shanice and The Sugarhill Gang.
