This page shows the progress of Macclesfield Town F.C. in the 2011-12 English football season.
 This year they play their games in League Two in the English league system, the fourth tier.
St. Ives Town F.C. is a football club based in St Ives, Cambridgeshire, England.
 They play in the Southern League Premier Division.
 This St Ives Town should not be confused with the Cornwall Combination team playing in St Ives, Cornwall, which is also called St Ives Town F.C.
Joshua William "Josh" Thompson (born 25 February 1991) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Macclesfield Town.
 He began his career at Stockport County before moving to Celtic.
 He had loan spells at Rochdale, Peterborough United and Chesterfield, and then joined Portsmouth.
 He had a loan spell with Colchester United before signing permanently for Southport.
 He left Southport at the end of the 2016/17 season following their relegation from the National League.
 He signed for National League side Macclesfield Town in July 2017.
 He has represented England at under-19 level.
David Smith (born 26 December 1970) is a former professional footballer.
 He was a midfielder who played for Norwich City F.C. (where he began his career), Oxford United F.C., Stockport County F.C., Macclesfield Town F.C. and Drogheda United.
The Rushmoor Community Stadium (commonly known as Cherrywood Road) is the ground of Farnborough F.C. and the former home of Farnborough Town F.C. before the club went out of business in 2007.
 It lies in the town of Farnborough, Hampshire.
 The capacity of the ground was 4,200, with 627 seats.
 Recent improvements to the ground in 2008 and the redevelopment of the Prospect Road End increased the capacity to 6,000.
 Up to the mid-1970s Farnborough Town F.C. had played at Queens Road but moved due to the lack of facilities.
 Cherrywood Road was newly built with the help of a local company Worldwide Carpets.
 The ground was formerly called The John Roberts Ground but the name is rarely used with fans simply referring to the stadium as Cherrywood Road.
Luton Town Ladies Football Club was founded in 1997 and formed a partnership with its male counterpart, Luton Town F.C. in 2000.
 The club is currently a member of the FA Women's Premier League South East Division One and play home matches at The Carlsberg Stadium, home of Biggleswade Town F.C.
Bloxwich United F.C. was a football club based in Bloxwich, England.
 The club was formed by a merger between Blakenall F.C. and Bloxwich Town F.C. in 2001 and took over the former's place in the Southern League Western Division.
 However, after 19 games of the 2001–02 season, the controlling Blakenall contingent amongst the joint ownership abruptly pulled out of the merger and resigned the club's place in the Southern League causing their record to be expunged.
Mitchell John Hancox (born 9 November 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays for Macclesfield Town.
 A left back who can also play on the wing, he began his career with hometown club Birmingham City, for whom he made his Football League debut in October 2012.
 In the 2015–16 season, he spent three months on loan to League Two club Crawley Town.
 Released by Birmingham at the end of the 2015–16 season, Hancox signed for National League side Macclesfield Town in August 2016.
Ashley Peter Foyle (born 17 September 1986) is an English football defender currently playing for Northern Premier League Premier Division side Worksop Town F.C. after joining from near neighbours Matlock Town F.C. on the second of September 2009.
This page shows the progress of Macclesfield Town F.C. in the 2010-11 football season.
 This year they play their games in League Two in the English league system.
