The Carolina Hurricanes are a professional ice hockey team based in Raleigh, North Carolina.
 The team is a member of the Metropolitan Division in the Eastern Conference of the NHL.
 This list documents the records and playoff results for all 17 seasons the Carolina Hurricanes have completed in the NHL since their relocation from Hartford, Connecticut in 1997.
 The Hurricanes franchise was founded in 1971 as the New England Whalers, and played seven seasons in the World Hockey Association.
 The team moved to the National Hockey League in 1979, and changed names to the Hartford Whalers.
 The franchise played a total of 18 seasons before moving to North Carolina and changing their names to the Carolina Hurricanes.
 The Hurricanes are the only major pro sports team located in Raleigh.
 They are also the only North Carolina-based major pro sports team to ever win a championship.
The 1983 Stanley Cup Finals was contested by the Edmonton Oilers in their first-ever Finals appearance and the defending champion New York Islanders, in their fourth, and fourth consecutive, Finals appearance.
 The Islanders would win the best-of-seven series four games to none, to win their fourth-straight and fourth-overall Stanley Cup.
 It was also the fourth straight Finals of post-1967 expansion teams, and the first involving a former World Hockey Association (WHA) team.
 This is also the most recent time that a defending Stanley Cup champion has won the cup four years in a row, and also the first (and, to date, only) time a North American professional sports team has won four consecutive titles in any league competition with more than twenty teams.
 Since 1983, no professional sports team on the continent has managed to win four straight championships and no NHL team has won more than two consecutive championships (most recently the Pittsburgh Penguins in and ).
David Neill (born July 17, 1980) was an American college football quarterback for the University of Nevada from 1998 to 2001.
 In 1998, he set an NCAA record for most touchdown passes in a season by a freshman with 29 thrown.
 This record was tied in 2006 by Colt McCoy of the Texas Longhorns, and broken the following season by Sam Bradford of Oklahoma.
 Neill also previously held the school record for most completed passes with 763.
 This has since been broken by Cody Fajardo (878).
 He received attention from the Jacksonville Jaguars and New York Jets of the NFL, but he opted for a veterinary career and left football prior to the 2002 NFL Draft.
A sports team is a group of individuals who play sports, usually team sports, on the same team.
 Historically, sports teams and the people who play sports have been amateurs.
 However, by the 20th century, some sports teams and their associated leagues became extremely valuable with net worth in the millions.
 Real Madrid is rated by Forbes as the world most valuable sports team at $3.26 billion USD.
 Some individual sports have modified rules that allow them to be played by teams.
Casey Burl "Case" McCoy (born February 12, 1990) is a former American football quarterback for the University of Texas Longhorns football team.
 He started 16 games for Texas over a three-year period, amassing a 9–7 record.
 He is also known as the younger brother of NFL quarterback Colt McCoy.
The Colt family incest case, dubbed by media as the Colt incest clan, is an Australian family discovered in 2012 to have been engaging in four generations of incest beginning with "Tim and June Colt," a brother and sister who emigrated from New Zealand in the 1970s.
 The family grew to nearly 40 members ranging from grandparents to mothers, fathers, sons, daughters, aunts, uncles, nephews, brothers and sisters all engaging in various forms of incest.
 Many of the children suffered from deformities and medical problems.
 The case has been described by lead investigator Peter Yeomans as, "like nothing I’ve ever seen," and was considered by many to be so shocking that in a rare move the Australian family court allowed full details to be made public, albeit with all names changed to pseudonyms for the children's protection, including the family name of "Colt."
Egypt competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece.
 The team included 46 athletes, 36 men and 10 women.
 The Egyptian team included 46 sportspeople, 10 women and 36 men.
 This was 2 fewer women than the country had sent to Sydney for the 2000 Games.
 Three members of the delegation, including two athletes, participated in a study about dental health during the Games.
Sobaeksu Sports Club (Korean: 소백수체육단 ) is a North Korean football club.
 This club is a subsidiary of 4.25 Sports Team, and this club is substance B team of 4.25 Sports Team.
 Ri Jun-il plays for Sobaeksu and the North Korea national football team.
The team physician for a sports team is the physician who is in charge of coordinating the medical staff and medical services for a sports team.
 They are also subject to activities involving team building
The Walter Camp Player of the Year Award is given annually to the collegiate American football player of the year, as decided by a group of National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I FBS head coaches and sports information directors under the auspices of the Walter Camp Football Foundation; the award is named for Walter Camp, an important and influential figure in the development of the sport.
 Three players have won the award twice: Colt McCoy of the University of Texas in 2008 and 2009, Archie Griffin of Ohio State in 1974 and 1975, and O. J. Simpson of USC in 1967 and 1968.
