Hyrum W. Smith founded the Franklin Quest Company in 1981.
 Among the company's other products, Smith created the Franklin Planner and seminars on productivity development based on the "belief window" and other concepts.
 In 1997, Franklin Quest merged with Stephen R. Covey's Covey Leadership Center to form Franklin Covey.
 Smith is author of "10 Natural Laws of Successful Time and Life Management" (1994) and "What Matters Most" (2001) as well as other audio tapes.
RetailMeNot, Inc. (formerly Whaleshark Media) is an American multinational company headquartered in Austin, that maintains a collection of coupon web sites.
 The company was founded by Cotter Cunningham.
 The company owns RetailMeNot.com and VoucherCodes.co.uk, the largest coupon sites in the US and UK, respectively, and acquires coupon sites and third-party software.
Methode Electronics (NYSE: MEI ) is an American Multinational company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, with Engineering, Manufacturing and Sales Operations in more than 14 locations in 10 countries.
 The company employs around 4,566 people worldwide.
Robert Smith (June 12, 1802 – December 21, 1867) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois, nephew of Jeremiah Smith and Samuel Smith of New Hampshire.
 Smith founded General Mills in 1856.
Equinix, Inc. is an American multinational company headquartered in Redwood City, California, that specializes in enabling global interconnection between organizations and their employees, customers, partners, data and clouds.
 The company is the leading global colocation data center provider by market share, and it operates 175+ data centers in 44 major metropolitan areas in 22 countries on five continents.
Henkel AG & Company, KGaA, is a German chemical and consumer goods company headquartered in Düsseldorf, Germany.
 It is a multinational company active both in the consumer and industrial sector.
 Founded in 1876, the DAX 30 company is organized into three globally operating business units (laundry & home care, beauty care, adhesive technologies) and is known for brands such as Loctite, Persil, and Fa amongst others.
Namsung (Hangul:  ; ] ) is a South Korean multinational company headquartered in Seoul.
 Namsung was founded by Yoon Bong-Soo in 1965 as an OEM electronics manufacturing company.
 Namsung's subsidiaries include Namsung Telecom, Nasco, Dreamer, Namsung International, and Namsung America.
Teleperformance is a multinational company headquartered in France.
 The company specializes in outsourced omnichannel customer experience management, also known as Business Process Outsourcing (BPO).
 The company provides customer acquisition, customer care, technical support, debt collection, social media, and other services around the world.
 Teleperformance has 217,000 employees across 340 contact centers in 74 countries and serves over 160 markets.
 Countries in which Teleperformance operates include France, the United Kingdom, Albania, Brazil, Chile, India, Philippines, Guyana,China, Canada, Mexico, Colombia, Norway, Italy, Greece, Portugal, the United States, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Australia, the Netherlands, Suriname, Egypt, Russia, Sweden, Germany and Poland.
Stevanato Group is an Italian multinational company headquartered in Piombino Dese, Padua – Italy.
 Founded in 1949, It is committed to create systems, processes and services that guarantee the integrity of parenteral medicines.
Corey Smith (born October 3, 1977) is a contemporary American painter, sculptor, photographer, professional snowboarder, and snowboard designer.
 Smith was the art director at COMUNE, curator and founder of their Drop City artist collective (which he is no longer a part of), and a contributing artist for CAPiTA Snowboards.
 In addition, Smith founded the snowboard company Spring Break Snowboards.
