Revenge of the Stepford Wives is a 1980 American made-for-television science fiction-thriller film inspired by the Ira Levin novel "The Stepford Wives".
 It was directed by Robert Fuest with a screenplay by David Wiltse and starring Sharon Gless, Julie Kavner, Don Johnson, Arthur Hill, and Audra Lindley.
 It is the first in a series of sequels inspired by the 1972 novel and the original 1975 film "The Stepford Wives".
Menemsha is a small fishing village located in the town of Chilmark on the island of Martha's Vineyard in Dukes County, Massachusetts, United States.
 It is located on the east coast of Menemsha Pond, adjacent to the opening into the Vineyard Sound on the pond's northern end.
 The village's historic harbor serves as the point of departure for local fishermen, some from multi-generational fishing families such as the Larsens, Pooles and Mayhews, as well as charter boats to the Elizabeth Islands and elsewhere.
 Besides charter fishing and cruises, other possibilities for recreation are the public beach adjacent to the harbor and the bicycle ferry across Menemsha Pond to Aquinnah as well as many excellent places to get freshly cooked seafood.
 It is also home of one of the most dramatic sunsets in New England.
 Menemsha is the location of a United States Coast Guard station, Coast Guard Station Menemsha, and was once known as Menemsha Creek.
 It is well known for being the shooting background for the fictional "Amity Island" of Steven Spielberg's 1975 film "Jaws".
The Stepford Husbands is a 1996 American made-for-television thriller-drama film inspired by the Ira Levin novel "The Stepford Wives".
 It was directed by Fred Walton with a screenplay by brothers Ken Wheat and Jim Wheat and starring Donna Mills, Michael Ontkean, Cindy Williams, Sarah Douglas and Louise Fletcher.
 It is the third in a series of sequels inspired by the 1972 novel and the original 1975 film "The Stepford Wives".
Jaws is an American natural horror film series that started with a 1975 film that expanded into three sequels, a theme park ride, and other tie-in merchandise, based on a 1974 novel.
 The main subject of the saga is a great white shark, and its attacks on people in specific areas of the United States.
 The Brody family is featured in all of the films as the primary antithesis to the shark.
 The original film was based on a novel written by Peter Benchley, which itself was inspired by the Jersey Shore shark attacks of 1916.
 Benchley adapted his novel, along with help from Carl Gottlieb and Howard Sackler, into the 1975 film "Jaws", which was directed by Steven Spielberg.
 Although Gottlieb went on to pen two of the three sequels, neither Benchley nor Spielberg returned to the film series in any capacity.
The Dukes of Hazzard is an American action-comedy television series that aired on CBS from January 26, 1979, to February 8, 1985.
 The show aired for a total of 147 episodes spanning seven seasons.
 The series was inspired by the 1975 film "Moonrunners", which was also created by Gy Waldron and had many identical or similar character names and concepts.
Moonrunners is a 1975 film, starring James Mitchum, about a Southern family that runs bootleg liquor.
 It was reworked four years later into the popular long-running television series "The Dukes of Hazzard", and as such the two productions share many similar concepts.
 Mitchum had co-starred with his father, Robert Mitchum, in the similar drive-in favorite "Thunder Road" eighteen years earlier, which also focused upon moonshine-running bootleggers using fast cars to elude federal agents.
 "Moonrunners", a B movie, was filmed in 1973 and awaited release for over a year.
 Its soundtrack reflects the outlaw music boom of the 1970s during which the film was released.
The Manchu Eagle Murder Caper Mystery is a 1975 film starring former “Bowery Boys" members Gabriel Dell and Huntz Hall, Jackie Coogan, and Joyce Van Patten.
 The film is a spoof of the 1941 film noir, "The Maltese Falcon", starring Humphrey Bogart.
 The cast also includes Barbara Harris, Anjanette Comer, Will Geer, Sorrell Booke, Vincent Gardenia, Nita Talbot and Nicholas Colasanto.
 The film was written by Dell and Dean Hargrove and directed by Hargrove.
 It was released by United Artists.
The Midnight Man is a 1974 detective film starring and co-directed by Burt Lancaster.
 The film also stars Susan Clark, Cameron Mitchell, Morgan Woodward, Harris Yulin, Robert Quarry, Joan Lorring, Lawrence Dobkin, Ed Lauter, Mills Watson, Charles Tyner and a pre-"Dukes of Hazzard" Catherine Bach.
′′Sharif Badmash (1975 film)′′ (Punjabi: ) is 1975 सामाजिक और संगीतमय फिल्म Pakistani Punjabi language action film, directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and produced by Asim Ilyas.
 Film starring actor Mumtaz in the lead role and with Yousuf Khan , Aasia, Sultan Rahi and Asad Bukhari as the villain.
 It was a super-hit musical movie and celebrated its Golden Jubilee in Pakistani cinemas in 1975.
The Stepford Children is a 1987 American made-for-television science fiction-thriller film inspired by the Ira Levin novel "The Stepford Wives".
 It was directed by Alan J. Levi with a screenplay by Bill Bleich and starring Barbara Eden, Don Murray, Tammy Lauren, Randall Batinkoff and Pat Corley.
 It is the second in a series of sequels inspired by the 1972 novel and the original 1975 film "The Stepford Wives".
