Domestic Disturbance is a 2001 American psychological thriller film directed by Harold Becker (his last film to date) and starring John Travolta, Vince Vaughn, Teri Polo, Steve Buscemi, and Matt O'Leary.
Leland is a town in Brunswick County, North Carolina, United States.
 The population was 13,527 at the 2010 census, up from 1,938 at the 2000 census.
 It is part of the Myrtle Beach Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 A number of movies, such as "Maximum Overdrive" (1986), "Domestic Disturbance" (2001), and "We're the Millers" (2013) have been shot in or around Leland.
John Kassir (born October 24, 1957) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian.
 He is known as the voice of the Crypt Keeper in HBO's "Tales from the Crypt" franchise.
 Kassir is also known for his role as Ralph in the Off-Broadway show "Reefer Madness", as well as its film adaptation, as well as his voice over work as Buster Bunny (taking over for Charlie Adler late in the final season of "Tiny Toon Adventures"), Ray "Raymundo" Rocket on "Rocket Power", the mischievous raccoon Meeko in "Pocahontas" and its direct-to-video sequel, Jibolba in the "Tak and the Power of Juju" video game series, and the current voices of Pete Puma in "The Looney Tunes Show", and Deadpool in "" and the "" series.
 He has also recently done the voice of Rizzo for the newest Spyro game, , and voiced Ghost Roaster in "", as well as Short Cut in "" and Pit Boss in "".
 He is also known for his various roles in season 1 of "The Amanda Show".
 He voiced the Ice King in the Adventure Time (pilot) but was replaced by Tom Kenny for the series.
 He also provided additional voice over work for "Sonic the Hedgehog", "Eek!
 The Cat", "The Brothers Flub", "Dead Rising", "Casper's Scare School", "Spider-Man 3", "", "Diablo III", "Monsters University", "The Prophet", "" and "The Secret Life of Pets".
Monster Mania is a Fox series where a child named Brian McKenzie (voiced by Jeannie Elias) lives at his missing aunt's mansion and can enter a world of monsters via his closet, making friends with a monster named Boo Marang (voiced by Jim Cummings).
 The series involved dream pirates, balloon creatures, a giant garden, Robin Hood character lookalikes, fairy tales, and more.
John Stephen Goodman (born June 20, 1952) is an American actor.
 Early in his career, he was best known for playing Dan Conner on the ABC TV series "Roseanne" (1988–1997), for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in 1993.
 He is also a regular collaborator with the Coen brothers on such films as "Raising Arizona" (1987), "Barton Fink" (1991), "The Big Lebowski" (1998), "O Brother, Where Art Thou?
" (2000), and "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013).
 Goodman's voice roles in animated films include Pacha in Disney's "The Emperor's New Groove" (2000), and Sulley in Pixar's "Monsters, Inc." (2001), and "Monsters University" (2013).
PC Phillip John Walters was a police officer in London's Metropolitan Police Service who was shot dead while investigating a domestic disturbance in Ilford, east London, on 18 April 1995.
James William Hutchins (March 26, 1929 – March 16, 1984) was convicted of the murders of three NC law enforcement officers.
 The incident was the largest one-day homicide of law enforcement officers in North Carolina history.
 The incident inspired a motion picture and also promoted changes in law enforcement protocols statewide for interagency reporting of officer murders, radio cross-communication between local agencies and the NC State Highway Patrol, which dispatches for most NC state law enforcement agencies and training protocols for response to domestic disturbance incidents.
 The murdered officers were: Rutherford County NC sheriff’s deputies Captain Roy Huskey and Deputy Owen Messersmith and NC State Highway Patrol Trooper Robert L. "Pete" Peterson.
 Hutchins was executed at the age of 54 by the State North Carolina at Central Prison in Raleigh, North Carolina by lethal injection.
 He became the first person to be executed in North Carolina since 1977 when the death penalty was reinstated.
Matthew Joseph "Matt" O'Leary (born July 6, 1987) is an American actor who made his debut in the made-for-television Disney Channel Original film "Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire" (2000).
 He would go on to star in the thriller "Domestic Disturbance" (2001) opposite John Travolta, and have supporting roles in "Frailty" (2001), and the independent neo-noir film "Brick" (2005).
Moka Akashiya (赤夜 萌香 , Akashiya Moka ) is a fictional title character from the Japanese manga and anime series "Rosario + Vampire".
 She serves as the primary love interest to Tsukune Aono, who is the only human enrolled in a school of monsters.
 She has a rosary that gives her a split personality; her outer persona is kind and sweet, but her inner persona, which manifests when her rosary is removed, is a cold and serious martial artist who mainly uses powerful kicks.
 In the Japanese version of the anime, her voice actress is Nana Mizuki, who is also responsible for performing the theme songs for both anime seasons.
 In the English version, Moka's outer personality is voiced by Alexis Tipton, while her inner personality is voiced by Colleen Clinkenbeard.
Susan Floyd (born May 13, 1968) is an American actress who has appeared in many episodes of "Law & Order", as well as numerous other television series.
 She has also had featured roles in several motion pictures, including "Domestic Disturbance" and "Forgiven", and starred opposite Al Pacino and Jerry Orbach in "Chinese Coffee".
 Along with mainstream films, she has also appeared in a 2003 indie film "Particles of Truth".
