Waterville is a city in Kennebec County of the U.S. state of Maine, United States, on the west bank of the Kennebec River.
 Home to Colby College and Thomas College, the population was 15,722 at the 2010 census.
 Waterville is also the second city which makes up the "Augusta-Waterville, ME Micropolitan Statistical Area".
Pittston is a town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States.
 The population was 2,666 at the 2010 census.
 The town was named for the family of John Pitt, who were early settlers.
 Pittston is included in the Augusta, Maine micropolitan New England City and Town Area.
Winslow is a town and census-designated place in Kennebec County, Maine, United States, along the Kennebec River.
 The population was 7,794 at the 2010 census.
Kennebec is a small unincorporated community in southern Wake County, North Carolina along the border of Harnett County.
 The community is situated along North Carolina Highway 55 and is the site of the Fuquay-Angier Airfield (Kennebec Flying Club).
 Much of the area has been recently annexed by the Harnett County town of Angier.
 Kennebec was named for Kennebec County, Maine .
 The community was also a stop on the former Durham and Southern Railway.
Jon A. Lund (born November 6, 1928) is an American attorney and politician from Maine.
 Lund, a Republican, served as Maine Attorney General from 1972-1975.
 Prior to his time as the first full-time attorney general in Maine history, Lund was an assistant country attorney for Kennebec County, member of the Augusta City Council and two-time county attorney for Kennebec County.
 He was also elected to the Maine House of Representatives (1965-1966; 1969-1972) and Maine Senate (1967-1968).
China Lake is a lake in Kennebec County, Maine.
 Located northeast of the state capital of Augusta, China Lake is situated in the towns of China and Vassalboro.
 China Lake has two large basins connected by a narrow neck.
 The elongated eastern basin with an average depth of less than 30 ft is entirely within the town of China, and has an irregular shoreline heavily developed with residences and seasonal cottages.
 The more nearly circular western basin extending into East Vassalboro is as deep as 85 ft , and shoreline development around the western basin has been discouraged to allow use as a water supply for Waterville and Winslow.
 The western basin overflows into Outlet Stream in the town of Vassalboro.
 Outlet Stream flows 7 mi north to discharge into the Sebasticook River in Winslow 1 mi upstream of the Kennebec River.
Kennebec County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine, in the United States.
 As of the 2010 census, the population was 122,151.
 Its county seat is Augusta, the state capital.
 The county was established on 20 February 1799 from portions of Cumberland and Lincoln Counties.
 The name Kennebec comes from the Eastern Abenaki "/kínipekʷ/", meaning "large body of still water, large bay."
The Ticonic Footbridge, popularly known as the Two Cent Bridge, is a suspension bridge that spans the Kennebec River between the city of Waterville and the town of Winslow in Kennebec County, Maine.
 It is one of the oldest surviving wire-cable steel suspension bridges and also is considered to be the last known extant toll footbridge in the United States.
The largest great pond in Maine named Great Pond is located in Kennebec County and is part of the Kennebec River watershed.
 There are several other, smaller ponds named Great Pond in Maine and New England.
 Great Pond is among the largest waterbodies in the world named "pond".
The Kennebec County Courthouse is located at 95 State Street in Augusta, Maine, the state capital and county seat of Kennebec County.
 Built in 1829 and twice enlarged, it is one of the oldest examples of Greek Revival architecture in the state, and its earliest known example of a Greek temple front.
 The building, which is now mostly taken up by county offices, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
