Michel Hansenne was born on (1940--) 23, 1940 (age (2017)-(1940)-((11)<(03)or(11)==(03)and(29)<(23)) ) in Belgium.
 He studied law and became a labour activist turned Belgium politician.
 In 1989 he was the first Director-General of the International Labour Organization since the end of the cold war.
 As Director-General, he was preceded by Francis Blanchard and succeeded by Juan Somavía.
 In 1999 he was elected as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Belgium a post he held till 2004.
Sean Christie (born April 21, 1974) is the Executive Vice President of Business Development for Wynn Resorts.
 Previously, Christie served as the Chief Operating Officer as well as the Vice President of Operations at Wynn and Encore and before that he served as the founder and owner of Las Vegas Nightlife Group and managing partner of Encore Las Vegas Beach Club, Surrender Night Club, and Andrea’s Restaurant at the Wynn Las Vegas.
The THC Ministry, founded by Roger Christie from the Religion of Jesus Church, is a religion which considers cannabis to be a sacrament.
 Members base their practices on what they see as an eclectic mixture of ancient wisdom, modern science, and the enlightening and healing properties of cannabis sacrament.
 Its mission includes "liberating the "Cannabis" plant and the minds of those who do and of those who do not revere it," and is actively involved in the legal and social discussions surrounding cannabis use in society.
 On July 8, 2010, Christie and 13 other individuals allegedly associated with the THC Ministry were indicted by a Federal grand jury in Honolulu on Marijuana Possession and Trafficking charges.
 Christie served four years in jail following an April 2014 sentencing, and is on probation until 2018.
Ernest Leclère was a Luxembourgish politician.
 A member of Luxembourg's Chamber of Deputies for the Socialist Party, he served two short stints as a minister during the German occupation during the First World War.
 His first position was as the Director-General for the Interior from 3 March 1915 until 6 November 1915.
 Later he served in the first National Union Government as Director-General for Agriculture, Commerce, and Industry from 3 January 1917 until 19 June 1917.
Ron Christie is an Australian public servant who has previously served as Chief Executive of the New South Wales State Rail Authority, Chief Executive of the Roads and Traffic Authority, Director-general of the Department of Public Works.
 head of transport for the Sydney 2000 Olympic games, and Co-ordinator General of the state's rail industry.
 Christie has been variously described as a transport czar, supremo and "go to guy".
The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) is an organization set up by the Nigerian government to involve the country's graduates in the development of the country.
 There is no military conscription in Nigeria, but since 1973 graduates of universities and later polytechnics have been required to take part in the National Youth Service Corps program for one year.
 This is known as national service year.
 Ahmadu Ali served as the first Director-General of the NYSC until 1975.
 The incumbent Director-General is Brig. Gen. Sule Zakari Kazaure.
Margaret Chan Fung Fu-chun, , JP (born August 21, 1947) is a Chinese-Canadian physician, who served as the Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO) delegating the People's Republic of China for 2006–2017.
 Chan was elected by the Executive Board of WHO on 8 November 2006, and was endorsed in a special meeting of the World Health Assembly on the following day.
 Chan has previously served as Director of Health in the Hong Kong Government (1994–2003), representative of the WHO Director-General for Pandemic Influenza and WHO Assistant Director-General for Communicable Diseases (2003–2006).
 In 2014 she was ranked as the 30th most powerful woman in the world according to "Forbes".
Jules Désiré Elby (25 November 1857 – 2 July 1933) was a French industrialist and Democratic Republican Alliance politician who represented Pas-de-Calais in the Senate between 1923 and 1933.
 He was also Director-General of the Bruay Mining Company.
Sir Charles Pardey Lukis KCSI (1857 – 22 October 1917) was the inaugural editor of the "Indian Journal of Medical Research" and served as the Director-General of the Indian Medical Service (1910–1917).
 Pardey was also a strong supporter of the establishment of the Calcutta School of Tropical Medicine, though he did not live to see it open in 1921.
 He received his medical training at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, becoming a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1890.
 The same year, he entered the Bengal Army and served and worked in India for the remainder of his career, though he was awarded his MD from the University of London in 1904.
 He was appointed as a professor of medicine in Calcutta in 1905 and became honorary surgeon to the Viceroy of India the same year.
 He was made a Commander of the Order of the Star of India in 1910, was knighted in 1911, and became honorary surgeon to the king in 1913.
 His appointment as Director-General of the Indian Medical Service was at the rank of Surgeon-General, and he was promoted to Lieutenant General in 1916.
 Theodore Lukis, his son, was expected to follow in his father's footsteps and qualified as a medical doctor but was killed during the First World War.
 Lukis was extremely bitter about his loss, writing that "his has been a wasted life and I can find no justification, for a medical man, who gives up his profession of healing, in order to endeavour to kill his fellow creatures, even though they be enemies".
 A book co-written by Lukis, "Tropical Hygiene for Residents in Tropical and Sub-Tropical Climates," was re-issued in 2010.
 Lukis also wrote a handbook on midwifery.
The Swedish Agency for Government Employers (SAGE) (Swedish: "Arbetsgivarverket" ) is a Swedish administrative authority organized under the Ministry of Health and Social Affairs.
 The agency acts like an employers' organization, responsible for central agreements and negotiations with trade unions on pay and employment conditions for approximately 250,000 employees in the government sector, like the overall pay structures and salary increases.
 SAGE is also responsible for the development and follow-up of employer policies in the government sector.
 SAGE is funded by membership fees collected from its 250 member agencies, which are based on the payroll expenditures of each member agency.
 The agency is led by a 15-member board (Swedish: "arbetsgivarkollegium" ), appointed by the 250 heads of the member agencies, which in turn appoint a Director-General responsible for the daily operations of SAGE.
 The board is responsible for pay negotiations with the trade unions.
 SAGE was officially established in 1994, but similar organisations have existed under various names since 1965.
 It is led by Director-General Ulf Bengtsson.
