Tazza () is a 2008 South Korean television series starring Jang Hyuk, Han Ye-seul, Kim Min-joon, Kang Sung-yeon, Son Hyun-joo and Kim Kap-soo.
 It aired on SBS from September 16 to November 25, 2008 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 18 episodes.
Wife Returns (; also known as My Wife is Back) is a South Korean television series starring Kang Sung-yeon, Jo Min-ki, Yoon Se-ah, Park Jung-chul, and Kim Mu-yeol.
 It aired on SBS from November 2, 2009 to April 16, 2010 on Mondays to Fridays at 19:20 for 116 episodes.
 The melodrama deals with a broken family, betrayal, adultery and revenge with a dash of violence.
 "Wife Returns" revolves around a woman who gets revenge on the husband of her identical twin sister.
 The sister was forced to leave her husband and their child by her mother-in-law.
Pocket dialing (also known as pocket calling or butt dialing) refers to the accidental placement of a phone call while a person's mobile phone or cordless phone is in the owner's pocket or handbag.
 The recipient of the call typically hears random background noise when answering the phone.
 If the caller remains unaware, the recipient will sometimes overhear whatever is happening in the caller's vicinity.
 A pocket-dialed call can continue for many minutes, or until the recipient's voice mail system ends the call.
BroadPoint Communications was a US telecommunications company in the late 1990s offering free long-distance calling supported by advertising, a service the company called "Sponsored Communications."
 Perry Kamel was founder and CEO of the company, based in Landover, Maryland.
 Users would sign up online for the company's FreeWay service by filling out a questionnaire.
 To make calls, users dialed the BroadPoint toll-free number, then entered their PIN, followed by the desired number.
 Users could then earn minutes of calling time by listening to brief advertisements, five to fifteen seconds in length, targeted to their interests and location.
 GEICO was a frequent advertiser.
 However, the minutes earned could not be carried over to another call, so users would sometimes accrue many minutes of free calling, only to lose them when their intended party was busy or did not answer.
 Perhaps because of such shortcomings, the FreeWay service soon ended.
 The company filed for Chapter 7 liquidation in January 2002.
 Broadpoint's former URL is no longer associated with the company, and is now made up only of advertising links.
 Kamel went on to become CEO of Maxamine, a Web analysis company, and is now CEO of Elateral, which describes itself as a "global branding, marketing and design consultancy."
Single Dad in Love () is a 2008 South Korean television series starring Oh Ji-ho, Huh E-jae and Kang Sung-yeon.
 It aired on KBS2 from February 18 to April 8, 2008 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.
Gamma-ray burst progenitors are the types of celestial objects that can emit gamma-ray bursts (GRBs).
 GRBs show an extraordinary degree of diversity.
 They can last anywhere from a fraction of a second to many minutes.
 Bursts could have a single profile or oscillate wildly up and down in intensity, and their spectra are highly variable unlike other objects in space.
 The near complete lack of observational constraint led to a profusion of theories, including evaporating black holes, magnetic flares on white dwarfs, accretion of matter onto neutron stars, antimatter accretion, supernovae, hypernovae, and rapid extraction of rotational energy from supermassive black holes, among others.
Prince Yeonsan (연산군 – "Yeonsan gun") is a 1961 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok.
 Among several awards including Best Actor and Best Actress, it was chosen as Best Film at the first Grand Bell Awards ceremony.
Kang Sung-yeon (born July 21, 1976) is a South Korean actress.
 Kang made her acting debut in 1996 through MBC's Open Recruitment.
 Although her main profession was acting, she also contributed songs to several soundtracks and released two albums in 2001-2002 under the stage name Bobo.
 Then in 2005, Kang rose to fame when she played Prince Yeonsan's concubine Jang Nok-su in "King and the Clown", a period film that drew 12.3 admissions, making it (at the time) the highest-grossing domestic film in Korean cinema history.
 Kang continued to star in television dramas such as "Let's Get Married" (2005), "New Wise Mother, Good Wife" (2007), "Single Dad in Love" (2008), "Tazza" (2008), and "Wife Returns" (2009).
 From 2012 to 2014, she hosted her own poetry reading program on EBS Radio.
A surrogate model is an engineering method used when an outcome of interest cannot be easily directly measured, so a model of the outcome is used instead.
 Most engineering design problems require experiments and/or simulations to evaluate design objective and constraint functions as function of design variables.
 For example, in order to find the optimal airfoil shape for an aircraft wing, an engineer simulates the air flow around the wing for different shape variables (length, curvature, material, .
.)
.
 For many real world problems, however, a single simulation can take many minutes, hours, or even days to complete.
 As a result, routine tasks such as design optimization, design space exploration, sensitivity analysis and "what-if" analysis become impossible since they require thousands or even millions of simulation evaluations.
Yeonsan-gun or Prince Yeonsan (23 November 1476 – 20 November 1506, r. 1494–1506), born Yi Yung or Lee Yoong, was the 10th king of Korea's Joseon Dynasty.
 He was the eldest son of Seongjong by his second wife, Lady Yoon.
 He is often considered the worst tyrant of the Joseon Dynasty, notorious for launching two bloody purges of the seonbi elite.
 He also seized a thousand women from the provinces to serve as palace entertainers, and appropriated the Seonggyungwan study hall as a personal pleasure ground.
 Overthrown, Yeonsan-gun did not receive a temple name.
