Libby Copeland (born 1976) is a freelance writer in New York City, and was previously a staff writer for the "Washington Post".
 She started her career with the Post in 1998 as an intern in the style department, and went on to cover culture, crime and Washington politics.
 In 2005, she was the Feature Specialty Reporting winner for the large circulation papers in the American Association of Sunday and Feature Editors' annual competition.
 In 2009, she left the Post and moved to New York.
 Since becoming a freelancer, she has become a regular contributor to "Slate", and has written for the "New York" magazine, the "Wall Street Journal" and "Cosmopolitan", among other publications.
 She has appeared on MSNBC, CNN and NPR.
Amy Braunschweiger is an American freelance writer and the author of "Taxi Confidential: Life, Death and 3 A.M. Revelations in New York City", published by 671 Press.
 Her articles have appeared in publications including "The New York Times", "Tango", "The Wall Street Journal", "Worth", "The Village Voice" and "The New York Sun", and "New York" magazine.
 Her work has also appeared in Germany's "Welt am Sonntag" and "Leipziger Volkszeitung".
Charles E. Johnson (born February 22, 1907) was a New York burglar who was listed on the "FBI's Ten Most Wanted" during 1953.
 He was a professional boxer.
 While still a teenager, Johnson was first arrested for burglary in 1921.
 He continued committing burglary and armed robbery throughout the 1920s until his eventual arrest in 1934 after a robbery in New York.
 Sentenced to serve four to eight years imprisonment, he was transferred to Dannemora Prison after he shot a police officer during a failed jailbreak from Sing Sing Prison.
 Although released briefly for six months, he remained imprisoned from 1935 until 1952.
George “Crime79” Ibañez (b. New York, New York December 31, 1964) is a famous New York City-based graffiti artist.
 He was introduced to graffiti art while attending Franklin K. Lane High School and began painting subways at age 13 in the East New York section of Brooklyn.
 While continuing with his subway art, Ibañez was named Class Artist and received the Art Students League of New York Gold Medal.
 He then studied at the School of Visual Arts.
Caroline "Carrie" Marie Bradshaw is a fictional character and lead character of the HBO romantic sitcom "Sex and the City", as well as the CW series "The Carrie Diaries", portrayed by actresses Sarah Jessica Parker and AnnaSophia Robb, respectively.
 She is a semi-autobiographical character created by Candace Bushnell, who published the book "Sex and the City", based on her own columns in the "New York Observer".
 On the HBO series, Bradshaw is a New York City newspaper columnist, fashionista, and later, freelance writer for "Vogue" and a published author.
 Her weekly column, "Sex and the City," provides the title, storylines, and narration for each episode.
Robert "Bobby" Germaine, Sr. (October 1, 1925 – April 1986), the son of French-Canadian immigrants, was a drug trafficker, burglar, and freelance writer in New York, NY.
 He was friends with Henry Hill and involved in his criminal activities following the Lufthansa heist up to Hill's incarceration.
 Germaine was also a friend of Jimmy 'the Gent' Burke.
 On January 3, 1972, Germaine was one of the gunmen of the Pierre Hotel armed robbery, where he and his seven cohorts, after binding and gagging the hotel employees, taking the Pierre under siege, ransacked the safe deposit boxes, and plundered an estimated $28,000,000 in jewels and cash.
 (Refer to 'Contract Killer' by William Hoffman & Lake Headley).
Heidi Holland (6 October 1947 – 11 August 2012), also known as Heidi Hull (during her first marriage), was a South African journalist and author who had been involved in the journalism industry for over 30 years.
 She edited "Illustrated Life Rhodesia", worked as a freelance writer on publications such as "The Sunday Times", "The Telegraph", "International Herald Tribune", "The New York Times" and "The Guardian", and had also worked on research projects for British television documentaries.
 She was the author of various books, such as "Dinner with Mugabe", an account of her meetings with Robert Mugabe, president of Zimbabwe.
 Previously she released "The Colour of Murder", a critical analysis of the 2002 van Schoor murder trials in South Africa.
 She also released a book based on the history of South Africa's ruling party, "The Struggle: A History of the African National Congress".
 She was found dead of an apparent suicide in her home near Johannesburg.
Born in Oldenburg, Germany, Breiholz studied literature, theatre, musicology and art history at Free University of Berlin.
 In 1988 he did an internship at "Opera News" in New York City which led to an assignment as a freelance writer for the magazine.
 Until 2004, he worked for Opera News as a music critic, reporting mainly on the European opera scene.
 In 1996, Breiholz became a frequent contributor for "Opernwelt" magazine in Berlin.
 From 1997 until 2002 he worked as a writer and editor of the Arts section for the German daily newspaper "Die Welt".
 In 2002 he moved back to New York and worked as a correspondent for several European publications, reporting on opera, classical music concerts, and theatre.
 He has written articles for the British magazine "Opera Now", the German magazine "Rondo", "The Wall Street Journal Europe" and the Swiss magazine "Musik & Theater", among other publications.
 He has also worked as an interviewer for classical music radio programs.
 In 2005 he worked as a talent scout for a New York artists agency.
 He was Director of International Relations for the Latvian National Opera in Riga, Latvia, from 2006 until 2011 and also worked as dramaturg for the company.
 From August 2011 until March 2016 he was the Artistic Director of the Vlaamse Opera in Antwerp, Belgium.
 Since April 2016 he is the Director of Artistic Administration and Casting at Theater an der Wien in Vienna.
Passage to Nirvana, A Survivor's Zen Voyage: Reflections on Loss, Discovery, Healing & Hope is a memoir by Lee Carlson, written over a several year period from 2005-2010 primarily on board a 60-foot sailboat named Nirvana that he shared with his fiancée Meg.
 It was his first book, although he had made his living as a writer for most of his adult life, working first as a journalist, magazine editor and freelance writer, and then moving into advertising and marketing copywriting.
 The book centers around Carlson's Traumatic Brain Injury and subsequent recovery, as well as his mother's death from a Traumatic Brain Injury.
 However the book is much more far-ranging, delving into such subjects as Zen Buddhism, sailing, divorce, children, family and even poetry.
 Ultimately it is a book about finding peace and happiness after a traumatic life event, a book about finding the joy in living.
Charlie Ahearn (born 1951 in Binghamton, New York) is an American film director and creative cultural artist living in New York City.
 Although predominantly involved in film and video production, he is also known for his work as an author, freelance writer, and radio host.
 He is married to painter Jane Dickson.
