Kylie Ann Minogue, ( ; born 28 May 1968), often known simply as Kylie, is an Australian singer, songwriter, dancer and actress.
 She achieved recognition starring in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", where she played tomboy mechanic Charlene Robinson.
 Appearing in the series for two years, Minogue's character married Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan) in an episode viewed by nearly 20 million people in the United Kingdom making it one of the most watched Australian TV episodes ever.
 Since then, Minogue has been a recording artist and has achieved commercial success and critical acclaim in the entertainment industry.
 Minogue has been recognised with several honorific nicknames including "Princess of Pop" and "Goddess of Pop".
 She is recognised as the highest-selling Australian artist of all time by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
Sudha Kheterpal is a British-Indian musician best known as the percussionist in Faithless.
 In 2008 she toured with The Return of the Spice Girls.
 She has also played with K-Klass, Kylie Minogue, Melanie Williams, Jo Roberts, Corduroy, Mark Morrison, Rae and Christian, Ian Brown, Talvin Singh, and Dido.
"Set It Off" is the debut single by Australian recording artist Timomatic, released digitally on 18 November 2011, as the lead single from his self-titled second studio album.
 It was written by Timomatic and DNA Songs, who also produced the track.
 Timomatic stated that the song is "about having fun on the dance floor" and loving life.
 "Set It Off" peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified four times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association.
 It also appeared on the New Zealand Singles Chart at number 14 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand.
Jessica Hilda Mauboy (born 4 August 1989) is an Australian R&B and pop singer, songwriter, and actress.
 Born and raised in Darwin, Northern Territory, Mauboy rose to fame in 2006 on the fourth season of "Australian Idol"; she became the runner-up and subsequently signed a recording contract with Sony Music Australia.
 After releasing a live album of her "Idol" performances and briefly being a member of the girl group Young Divas in 2007, Mauboy released her debut studio album, "Been Waiting", the following year.
 It earned Mauboy her first number-one single "Burn", became the second highest-selling Australian album of 2009, and was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
System of a Down is an American rock band formed by musicians of Armenian origin: vocalist Serj Tankian, guitarist Daron Malakian, bassist Shavo Odadjian, and drummer John Dolmayan in the mid-1990s.
 They have released five studio albums, 16 singles, and 11 music videos. By the end of 1997, the group had signed to American Recordings, then distributed as Columbia Records.
 The following year, they released their eponymous debut album, which peaked at #124 on the United States' "Billboard" 200 and #103 on the United Kingdom's UK Albums Chart; it was certified platinum two years later by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and gold by Canadian Recording Industry Association (CRIA).
 Their eponymous debut album produced a single for the song "Sugar", which reached the top 30 on the "Billboard" mainstream rock songs and alternative songs charts.
 Their follow-up album, "Toxicity" (2001), topped the US and Canadian charts, and also reached the top 10 in Australia, Finland, and New Zealand.
 The album was certified triple platinum in its home country, and triple platinum in Australia by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), as well as double platinum by CRIA in Canada.
 "Toxicity" produced singles for the title track, "Chop Suey!
", and "Aerials".
 The last of these peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Songs and Alternative Songs charts.
The highest-selling albums in Australia are ranked in the Australian Recording Industry Association albums chart, also known as the ARIA Charts, published by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
 The data are compiled from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores and Internet sales, in other words, both digital as well as CD sales.
 ARIA also issues a weekly singles chart and an end of year albums and singles chart, among other charts.
The highest-selling albums in Australia are ranked in the Australian Recording Industry Association albums chart, also known as the ARIA Charts, published by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
 The data are compiled from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, and Internet sales (in other words, both digital as well as CD sales).
 ARIA also issues a weekly singles chart.
 In addition, data from these weekly charts are used to compile an end of year albums and singles chart.
The Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards (commonly known informally as ARIA Music Awards or ARIA Awards) is an annual series of awards nights celebrating the Australian music industry, put on by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
 The event has been held annually since 1987 and encompasses the general genre-specific and popular awards (these are what is usually being referred to as "the ARIA awards") as well as Fine Arts Awards and Artisan Awards (held separately from 2004), Lifetime Achievement Awards and ARIA Hall of Fame – held separately from 2005 to 2010 but returned to the general ceremony in 2011.
 For 2010, ARIA introduced public voted awards for the first time.
The Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) is a trade group representing the Australian recording industry which was established in 1983 by six major record companies, EMI, Festival, CBS, RCA, WEA and Universal replacing the Association of Australian Record Manufacturers (AARM) which was formed in 1956.
 It oversees the collection, administration and distribution of music licenses and royalties.
Stan Walker (born 23 October 1990) is an Australian-New Zealand recording artist, actor, and television personality.
 In 2009, Walker was the winner of the seventh and last season of "Australian Idol".
 He subsequently signed a recording contract with Sony Music Australia.
 In December 2009, Walker released his debut studio album, "Introducing Stan Walker", which included the hit single, "Black Box".
 The album debuted at number three on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
 It also appeared on the New Zealand Albums Chart at number two and was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ).
