The Tianjin Natural History Museum is a museum of natural history in Tianjin, China.
 It is located on No. 206 Machang Avenue, in Hexi District.
 It was founded in 1953 as one of China's first natural history museums.
 The museum takes up an area of 12,000 square meters.
 Over 380,000 geological and biological specimens are held at the museum.
 The museum has three floors.
The Galton–Watson process is a branching stochastic process arising from Francis Galton's statistical investigation of the extinction of family names.
 The process models family names as patrilineal (passed from father to son), while offspring are randomly either male or female, and names become extinct if the family name line dies out (holders of the family name die without male descendants).
 This is an accurate description of Y chromosome transmission in genetics, and the model is thus useful for understanding human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroups, and is also of use in understanding other processes (as described below); but its application to actual extinction of family names is fraught.
 In practice, family names change for many other reasons, and dying out of name line is only one factor, as discussed in examples, below; the Galton–Watson process is thus of limited applicability in understanding actual family name distributions.
The Etihad Museum collects, preserves, and displays the heritage of the United Arab Emirates in the areas of social, political, cultural, scientific, and military history.
 The museum takes it's visitors to the foundation of phase the UAE.
 It holds everything from old passports to personal artefacts such as rings, eyeglasses and pocket watches, stamps and letters and other rare items are on display for the public to add dimensions to the story of the rulers of
Thomas Meakin Lockwood (1830 – 15 July 1900) was an English architect whose main works are in and around Chester, Cheshire.
 He was born in London, and brought up in East Anglia.
 From 1851 he was articled to Philip Causton Lockwood, the Borough Surveyor of Brighton.
 He then worked in offices including that of George Woodhouse, and of T. M. Penson in Chester.
 In 1862 he established an independent practice in Chester.
 His works are located mainly in Cheshire, Shropshire, and North Wales, his designs being influenced by John Douglas and Norman Shaw.
 These are frequently either timber-framed, or in brick and stone incorporating Tudor, Elizabethan and Renaissance features.
 In Cheshire and North Wales, his most important patron was the First Duke of Westminster.
 Lockwood's most prominent buildings, which stand at Chester Cross, were commissioned by the Duke.
 They stand on opposite corners at the north end of Bridge Street, and are in contrasting styles.
 Number 1 Bridge Street, built in 1888, is timber-framed in Black-and-white Revival style.
 Number 2–8 Bridge Street, built in 1894, is in stone and diapered brick, and incorporates Tudor, Jacobean and Baroque features.
 Lockwood also designed the Grosvenor Museum, also in Chester, and built in 1885–86.
 The is constructed in red brick, and is in Renaissance style with Dutch gables.
Adin is an uncommon family name found today in England, the United States (particularly New York City), New Zealand, Sweden, the Basque country, Turkey and Israel.
 Since the name occurs in the Old Testament, it has been suggested that the name has Jewish origins since it is mentioned in the Bible four times.
 However, the Jewish Genealogical Society of Great Britain have no records of this as a Jewish family name.
 The Consolidated Jewish Family Name Index of U.S.-based Avotaynu indicates Adin is a Jewish family name that existed in Poland and Belarus.
 However this may be a phonetic coincidence since a name with so few letters might exist in every culture.
The Bishop of Kildare was an episcopal title which took its name after the town of Kildare in County Kildare, Ireland.
 The title is no longer in use by any of the main Christian churches having been united with other bishoprics.
 In the Roman Catholic Church, the title has been merged with that of the bishopric of Leighlin and is currently held by the Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin.
 In the Church of Ireland, the title has been merged with that of the bishopric of Meath and is currently held by the Bishop of Meath and Kildare.
Upplandsmuseet is the county museum of Uppsala County in Sweden.
 The institution is responsible for preservation and conducting research in the area of the cultural history and archaeology of the county, including the city of Uppsala (parts of the historical province of Uppland, from which the museum takes its name, belong to Stockholm County).
 The permanent exhibition covers subjects such as the history of the city, of Uppsala Cathedral, and of student life at Uppsala University.
Grosvenor Museum is a museum in Chester, Cheshire, England.
 It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
 Its full title is The Grosvenor Museum of Natural History and Archaeology, with Schools of Science and Art, for Chester, Cheshire and North Wales.
 It takes its name from the family name of the Dukes of Westminster, who are major landowners in Cheshire.
 The museum opened in 1886, it was extended in 1894, and major refurbishments took place between 1989 and 1999.
 Its contents include archaeological items from the Roman period, paintings, musical instruments, and a room arranged as a Victorian parlour.
Slovak names consist of a given name and a family name (surname).
 Slovakia uses the Western name order with the given name first and the surname last, although there is a tradition from the communist era to reverse this order in official administrative papers.
 Most Slovaks do not have a middle name.
 The family name forms for males and females are distinct in Slovakia, making it possible to identify gender from the name alone.
 As of 2003 there were 185,288 different family names in use among 5.4 million Slovaks, or one family name for every 29 citizens.
 There is an estimated 90,000 lineages in Slovakia.
 With marriage, the bride typically adopts the bridegroom's surname.
 Slovak names are very similar to Czech names.
Tokyo Fuji Art Museum (東京富士美術館 , Tōkyō Fuji Bijutsukan ) was established by Daisaku Ikeda and opened near Sōka University campus in Hachiōji, Tokyo, Japan, in 1983.
 The new wing was added in 2008.
 The collection of some thirty thousand works spans the arts and cultures of Japan, Asia, and Europe, and the Museum takes touring exhibitions to other countries.
