Sze Yap Cantonese (Chinese: 四邑廣東人; Sze Yap: Hlei Yip Gong Ong Ngin; Cantonese: Sei Yap Gwong Dong Yan; Mandarin: Sìyì guǎngdōng rén) are a Han Chinese group coming from a region in Guangdong Province in China called Sze Yap (四邑), which consisted of the four county-level cities of Taishan, Kaiping, Xinhui, and Enping.
 Now Heshan has been added to this historic region, and the prefecture-level city of Jiangmen administers all five of these county-level cities, which is sometimes informally called Ng Yap.
 Their ancestors are said to have arrived from what is today central China about less than a thousand years ago and migrated into Guangdong around the Tang Dynasty rule period, and thus Taishanese as a dialect of Yue Chinese has linguistically preserved many characteristics of Middle Chinese.
According to the administrative divisions of China including Hong Kong and Macau, there are three level of cities, namely provincial-level (consists of municipalities and SARs), prefectural-level cities, and county-level cities.
 As of September 2017 the PRC has a total of 662 cities: 4 municipalities, 2 SARs, 293 prefectural-level cities (including the 15 sub-provincial cities) and 363 county-level cities (including the 9 sub-prefectural cities and 9 XXPC cities) not including any cities in the claimed province of Taiwan.
The Asian Tour 2014/2015 – Event 1 (also known as the 2014 Yixing Open) was a professional minor-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 17–21 June 2014 at the Yixing Sports Centre in Yixing, China.
Guzhang County () is a county of Hunan Province, China.
 The county is the 2nd least populous administrative unit of the counties or county-level cities (after Shaoshan City) in the province, it is under the administration of Xiangxi Autonomous Prefecture.
Yixing clay () is a type of clay from the region near the city of Yixing in Jiangsu Province, China, used in Chinese pottery since the Song dynasty (960–1279) when Yixing clay was first mined around China's Lake Tai.
 From the 17th century on, Yixing wares were commonly exported to Europe.
 The finished stoneware, which is used for teaware and other small items, is usually red or brown in color.
 Also known as zisha () ware, they are typically left unglazed and use clays that are very cohesive and can form coils, slabs and most commonly slip casts.
 These clays can also be formed by throwing.
 The best known wares made from Yixing clay are Yixing clay teapots, tea pets, and other teaware.
A tea pet, also known as a tea lover's pet, is a small clay figure which is kept by some tea drinkers for good luck.
 The history of tea pets can be traced back to the Yuan dynasty (1206–1368).
 They are usually made of "zisha" or Yixing clay, from the region near Yixing in Jiangsu province, China.
 Just like Yixing teapots made of the same clay, tea pets are unglazed, so that they are mostly monochromatic with a rough surface.
 Tea lovers in China raise a tea pet by placing it on the tea tray during tea time and pouring out the tea over it.
 The most popular figure of the tea pet is the "pee-pee boy", which is used to judge whether the water is hot enough to make tea.
 Tea pets are also molded into zodiac animals or Chinese mythical creatures such as dragons, Pixiu, Qilin, etc., to symbolize good luck, fortune and happiness, as well as historical or mythical characters such as Guanyin, Maitreya and Zhu Geliang.
Shuangpai County () is a county in Hunan Province, China, it is under the administration of Yongzhou Prefecture-level City.
 Shuangpai is also the 3rd smallest administrative unit (after Shaoshan and Guzhang) by population in the counties and county-level cities of the province.
The Asian Tour 2013/2014 – Event 1 (also known as the 2013 Yixing Open) was a professional minor-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 11–15 June 2013 at the Yixing Sports Centre in Yixing, China.
Former Residence of Mao Zedong or Mao Zedong's Former Residence () was built in the late Qing Dynasty.
 It is located in Shaoshan Village of Shaoshan township in Shaoshan, Xiangtan, Hunan, China.
 The building was the birthplace and childhood home of Mao Zedong, the first leader of the People's Republic of China.
 It has a building area of about 472.92 m2 , embodies buildings such as the old houses, the Mao Zedong Memorial Hall, the Bronze Statue of Mao Zedong, the Cultural relics Exhibition Hall, and the Dishui Hole (Dripping Water Cave; 滴水洞 ).
The Yixing Pumped Storage Power Station is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station located Yixing city of Jiangsu Province, China.
 Construction on the power station began in 2003 and the first unit was commissioned in 2007, the last in 2008.
 The entire project cost US$490 million, of which US$145 million was provided by the World Bank.
 The power station operates by shifting water between an upper and lower reservoir to generate electricity.
 The lower reservoir was formed with the existing Huiwu Dam at the foot of Mount Tongguan.
 The Yixing Upper Reservoir is located atop Mount Tongguan which peaks at 530 m above sea level.
 During periods of low energy demand, such as at night, water is pumped from Huiwu Lower Reservoir up to the upper reservoir.
 When energy demand is high, the water is released back down to the lower reservoir but the pump turbines that pumped the water up now reverse mode and serve as generators to produce electricity.
 Water from the nearby Huangtong River can also be pumped into the lower reservoir to augment storage.
 The process is repeated as necessary and the plant serves as a peaking power plant.
 The power station is operated by East China Yixing Pumped Storage Co Ltd.
