Amka (Hebrew: עַמְקָה‎ ), also known in Arabic as Amqa (Arabic: عمقا‎ ‎ ), is a moshav in the Matte Asher Regional Council of Israel's Northern District, near Acre.
 The location of the moshav roughly corresponds the former Arab village, depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
 Yemenite Jews, who arrived from the southern Arab country of Yemen, founded the village's successor Amka in 1949.
 In 2016 its population was 706 .
Aulacodes templalis is a moth in the Crambidae family.
 It was described by Schaus in 1906.
 It is found in Brazil.
Aulacodes peribocalis is a moth in the Crambidae family.
 It was described by Walker in 1859.
 It is found in Yemen and India.
Aulacodes traversalis is a moth in the Crambidae family.
 It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1914.
 It is found in Panama.
Hekmat (Persian: حكمت‎ ‎  –"Wisdom") was the first Persian-language newspaper to be published in Egypt, as well as the first Persian journal to be published in an Arab country.
 Founded and managed by the Iranian expat Mohammad-Mahdi Tabrizi (died 1914), a physician by profession, it was published from 20 September 1892 until 30 May 1911.
 "Hekmat" carried mostly news, but also feature a variety of articles on political and social issues.
 Despite being published in an "Arab country", it avoided the usage of Arabic terms and compoun words as well as Arabicized forms of non-Arab words throughouts its texts.
Yemen ( ; Arabic: اليَمَن‎ ‎ "al-Yaman "), officially known as the Republic of Yemen (الجمهورية اليمنية "al-Jumhūrīyah al-Yamanīyah "), is an Arab country in Western Asia at the southern end of the Arabian Peninsula.
 Yemen is the second-largest country in the peninsula, occupying 527,970 km (203,850 sq mi).
 The coastline stretches for about 2,000 km (1,200 mi).
 It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the north, the Red Sea to the west, the Gulf of Aden and Arabian Sea to the south, and Oman to the east-northeast.
 Although Yemen's constitutionally stated capital is the city of Sana'a, the city has been under rebel control since February 2015.
 Because of this, Yemen's capital has been temporarily relocated to the port city of Aden, on the southern coast.
 Yemen's territory includes more than 200 islands; the largest of these is Socotra.
The TAT Nasnas is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV).
 Tunisia was the first Arab country to develop this industry in 1997.
 In 2003, it was joined by the United Arab Emirates.
 The UAVs are constructed and designed in Tunisia.
 They are produced by the Tunisia Aero Technologies  company (TAT).
 The flight of the first Tunisian drone, "TAT Aoussou", took place in October 1997.
 It served primarily as an aerial target for anti-aircraft units.
 It was designed and built in eight months.
 The first flight of the prototype "TAT Nasnas" (or anasnas) took place in August 1998.
 It was designed and built in six months.
Lebanon is not only a regional center of media production but also the most liberal and free in the Arab world.
 According to Press freedom's Reporters Without Borders, "the media have more freedom in Lebanon than in any other Arab country".
 Despite its small population and geographic size, Lebanon plays an influential role in the production of information in the Arab world and is "at the core of a regional media network with global implications".
The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee (ADC) states that it is "the largest Arab American grassroots civil rights organization in the United States."
 According to its webpage it is open to people of all backgrounds, faiths and ethnicities and has a national network of chapters and members in all 50 states.
 It claims that three million Americans trace their roots to an Arab country.
 The ADC seeks to “empower Arab Americans, defend the civil rights of all people, promote Arab cultural heritage, promote civic participation, encourage a balanced US policy in the Middle East and support freedom and development in the Arab World.”
 ADC has a number of programs to combat discrimination and bias against Arab-Americans, including stereotypes of Arabs and Muslims.
 The ADC is a member of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights (LCCR) and has a seat on its executive committee.
Oman is an Arab country on the southeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula.
 Holding a strategically important position at the mouth of the Persian Gulf, the nation is bordered by the United Arab Emirates to the northwest, Saudi Arabia to the west, and Yemen to the southwest, and shares marine borders with Iran and Pakistan.
