Kaiyuan () is a county-level city in the northeast of Liaoning, People's Republic of China, bordering Jilin for a small section to the north.
 It is under the administration of Tieling City, the centre of which lies 33 km to the southwest.
Wei Junxing (; born October 1955) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Liaoning province in northeast China.
 In January 2015, Wei was put under investigation by the Communist Party of China's anti-corruption agency.
 Previously he served as Deputy Secretary-general of Liaoning provincial government and the Party Secretary of Kaiyuan, and briefly as Mayor of Jinzhou.
Broadly speaking, the term racial threat refers to how people react to those of a different race.
 More specifically, the racial threat hypothesis or racial threat theory proposes that a higher population of members of a minority race results in the dominant race imposing higher levels of social control on the subordinate race, which, according to this hypothesis, occurs as a result of the dominant race fearing the subordinate race's political, economic, or criminal threat.
 Research has shown a strong association between the size of a state's nonwhite prison population and the likelihood of that state enacting a felon disenfranchisement law, which supports a link between racial threat and the passage of such laws.
According to the 2011 census, the total population of the United Kingdom was around 63,182,000.
<ref name="2http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171778_292378.pdf |title=2011 Census: Population Estimates for the United Kingdom |publisher=Office for National Statistics |date=27 March 2011 |accessdate=18 December 2012 }}</ref> It is the 22nd-largest in the world.
 Its overall population density is 259 people per square kilometre (671 people per sq mi), with England having a significantly higher population density than Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
 Almost one-third of the population lives in England's southeast, which is predominantly urban and suburban, with about 8 million in the capital city of London, the population density of which is just over 5,200 per square kilometre (13,468 per sq mi).
Du Zheheng () (1910–1975) was a People's Republic of China politician.
 He was born in Kaiyuan, Liaoning.
 In 1936, after attending Northeastern University, he went to Xi'an to participate in the Xi'an Incident.
 In 1937, he joined the Communist Party of China.
 During the Second Sino-Japanese War, he was a member of the Eighth Route Army, active in Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong and Henan Provinces.
 He was Secretary of Liaobei Province and vice-chairman of Liaodong (also called Andong Province).
 In 1950, he joined the People's Volunteer Army in the Korean War.
 Upon his return to China, he was agricultural minister for the Northeast Greater Administrative Area.
 In 1954, upon the dissolution of the greater administrative areas, he was made the 1st governor of his home province.
The repartition of Ireland has been suggested as a possible solution to the continuing political disagreement in Northern Ireland.
 The essential problem was that the partition of Ireland was gerrymandered, and as a result Northern Ireland contains a large Irish nationalist minority.
 Much of the Irish nationalist population lives in the south and west of the region, but a significant percentage lives in Belfast and some smaller communities in the north and east, whilst Irish unionists constitute a majority of the population in the north and east of the region with some smaller communities in the south and west.
 The geographical area in which unionists are a majority is less than half of Northern Ireland (see graphic below), but eastern areas have a much higher population density.
 Collectively, Northern Ireland is split, with unionists comprising approximately 48% of the population, and falling quickly.
 At the last general election unionists secured precisely 50% of the seats.
 None of these proposals are currently supported by any political party in Ireland.
The Permanent Population Committee (PPC) (Arabic: اللجنة الدائمة للسكان) is a national authority in the state of Qatar whose mission is to realize the aptness of population requirements to sustainable development.
 To do so, PPC bases its action on Islamic Sharia principles and communal values and traditions in line with the political foundations of the Qatar Permanent Constitution, the National Vision, the relevant Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (GCC) Population Policies and other related regional and international guidelines.
 The PPC is charged with the responsibility for the implementation of the outcomes identified by the general framework of the GCC population strategy adopted by the GCC Supreme Council during its Nineteenth Session, held in Abu Dhabi UAE in 1998.
 This strategy prompted each member state to establish a higher population committee responsible for developing national population policies.
 Accordingly, the PPC was established by the Council of Ministers decision number (24) in 2004 with defined responsibilities and committee membership.
 His Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, the Deputy Emir and Heir Apparent, endorsed the decision.
Kaiyuan West Railway Station is a railway station of Hada Passenger Railway and located in Liaoning, China
An eco-city is a city built from the principles of living within environment means.
 The ultimate goal of many eco-cities is to eliminate all carbon waste (zero-carbon city), to produce energy entirely through renewable resources, and to merge the city harmoniously with the natural environment; however, eco-cities also have the intentions of stimulating economic growth, reducing poverty, using higher population densities, and therefore obtaining higher efficiency, and improving health.
Qinghe District () is a district of Tieling, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.
 However, it is located closer to Kaiyuan City than it is to downtown Tieling, which lies 39 km to the southwest.
