"Douche and Turd" is the eighth episode of the eighth season of the animated television series "South Park", and the 119th episode overall.
 Written by series co-creator Trey Parker, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 27, 2004, just before the 2004 presidential election.
 In the episode, PETA forces South Park Elementary to change their school mascot, so an election is held to determine a new mascot.
 Stan ends up getting exiled from South Park after refusing to vote.
"Chickenlover" is the fourth episode in the second season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 16th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on May 27, 1998.
 The episode was written by series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, along with David R. Goodman, and directed by Parker.
 In the episode, Officer Barbrady resigns as South Park's only police officer because of his illiteracy.
 Anarchy ensues, just as chickens are mysteriously being molested across South Park.
 Barbrady enlists the help of the boys to learn to read and discover who is molesting the chickens.
 Cartman, meanwhile, masquerades as a police officer.
"Eat, Pray, Queef" is the fourth episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 185th overall episode of the series, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 1, 2009.
 In the episode, the men and boys of South Park become infuriated when the fart-joke oriented "Terrance and Phillip" show is replaced with the "Queef Sisters", a show devoted to queef jokes.
 The women and girls of South Park accuse them of holding a sexist double standard when it comes to women queefing and men farting.
"Funnybot" is the second episode of the fifteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 211th episode of the series overall.
 "Funnybot" premiered in the United States on Comedy Central on May 4, 2011, the first time a "South Park" episode has aired in May since season 10's "Tsst" in 2006.
 "Funnybot" parodies The Comedy Awards, black comedian Tyler Perry, the Daleks from "Doctor Who", and the death of Osama bin Laden.
"201" is the sixth episode of the fourteenth season of "South Park", and the 201st overall episode of the series.
 It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 21, 2010.
 The episode continued multiple storylines from the previous episode, "200", in which a group of angry celebrities demand South Park produce the Muslim prophet Muhammad.
 In "201", a superhero-like group of religious figures team up to save South Park from the celebrities and their monster Mecha-Streisand, while Eric Cartman learns the true identity of his father.
"South Park Is Gay!"
 is the eighth episode of the seventh season and the 104th overall episode of the American animated television series "South Park".
 It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 22, 2003.
 In it, Kyle struggles to understand a new metrosexual fad that has sprung around the men and boys of South Park and is the only one who does not want to conform to it.
 The episode features a parody of the TV show, "Queer Eye for the Straight Guy".
"Fatbeard" is the seventh episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 188th overall episode of the series, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 22, 2009 and in the United Kingdom on April 24, 2009.
 It was the mid-season finale, marking the final "South Park" episode for six months.
 In the episode, Cartman misinterprets news reports about piracy in the Indian Ocean to mean the return of the classic era of swashbuckling pirates, and misleads a handful of South Park boys to voyage to Mogadishu to start a pirate crew.
"Conjoined Fetus Lady" is the fifth episode in the second season of the American animated television series "South Park".
 The 18th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on June 3, 1998.
 The episode was written by series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, along with David R. Goodman, and directed by Parker.
 In the episode, South Park Elementary's dodgeball team travels to China to compete for the dodgeball championship, while the town of South Park pays tribute to the school nurse, who is living with conjoined twin myslexia.
"Hooked on Monkey Fonics" is episode 12 of season 3 and the 43rd overall episode of Comedy Central's animated series "South Park".
 It originally aired on November 10, 1999.
 It features issues of homeschooling and phonics, a method of teaching children to read.
 This is the final episode of South Park to feature the voice talents of Mary Kay Bergman, who committed suicide the day after the episode aired.
 The final episode to use her dialogue was "Starvin' Marvin in Space" which ended production shortly before her death.
"Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes" is the ninth episode of the eighth season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 120th episode of the series overall.
 It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 3, 2004.
 In the episode, a Wall-Mart is built in South Park, and the people start to get addicted to shopping from it, due to its irresistibly attractive bargains, thus leading many businesses in South Park to close down.
 The four boys have to fight against Wall-Mart and to find a way to stop it from taking over the entire town.
