Scatology is the debut full-length studio album by British experimental band Coil.
 Recorded in 1984, "Scatology" was co-produced by Coil and JG Thirlwell, and features a prominent appearance of Stephen Thrower, which subsequently became Coil's official member since their next studio album, "Horse Rotorvator".
 The album focuses on alchemy, mainly an idea of turning base matter into gold.
 The contents of the album are having references to such a prominent figures as Marquis de Sade, Alfred Jarry, Salvador Dali, Charles Manson, and others.
The Manson Family Album is the first studio recording by American rock band Marilyn Manson.
 It is a precursor to the band's debut studio album, 1994's "Portrait of an American Family".
 It was produced by Roli Mosimann, and is composed of original takes and mixes of songs which would later be found on their debut.
 However, the band's eponymous vocalist was unhappy with Mosimann's production, claiming it was too "smoothed and polished", and poorly representative of the band's established sound.
 The majority of songs on "The Manson Family Album" were later re-recorded or remixed with Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor at the Record Plant in Los Angeles.
 The album's title is a double entendre; it also relates to the commune of cult leader Charles Manson.
Bad Moon Rising is the second studio album by American rock band Sonic Youth.
 It was released in March 1985 on record labels Blast First and Homestead.
 The album is loosely themed around the dark side of America, and included references to obsession and insanity, Charles Manson, heavy metal, Satanism, and early European settlers' encounters with Native Americans.
In the months leading up to the Tate/LaBianca murders in August 1969, Charles Manson often spoke to the members of his "Family" about Helter Skelter, an apocalyptic war arising from racial tensions between blacks and whites.
 This "chimerical vision"—as it was termed by the court that heard Manson's appeal from his conviction for the killings—involved reference to music of the Beatles (particularly songs from their 1968 double album "The Beatles", also known as "the White Album") and to the New Testament's Book of Revelation.
"Helter Skelter" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles that was released in 1968 on their self-titled double album, often known as "the White Album".
 It was written by Paul McCartney and credited to Lennon–McCartney.
 The song was a product of McCartney's attempt to create a sound as loud and dirty as possible.
 The Beatles' recording has been noted for its "proto-metal roar" and is considered by music historians to be a key influence in the early development of heavy metal. "
Rolling Stone" magazine ranked "Helter Skelter" 52nd on its list of the "100 Greatest Beatles songs".
Helter Skelter is the second studio album by The D.O.C.; released on January 23, 1996.
 This album was an attempt at making a comeback following the car crash which severely damaged his vocal cords.
 The album was widely ignored, and has even been discredited by D.O.C himself.
 The name of the album is a reference to Charles Manson's idea of The Beatles' "Helter Skelter" prophesying the end of the world.
Toxicity is the second studio album by the Armenian-American heavy metal band System of a Down, released on September 4, 2001 by Columbia Records.
 Categorized as alternative metal, thrash metal, hard rock, art metal, heavy metal, and nu metal, "Toxicity" features elements of multiple genres of music: folk, progressive metal, progressive rock, jazz, Middle Eastern music, and Greek music.
 Many of the album's lyrics are political, being about topics such as the overpopulation of prisons, the CIA, and Charles Manson's beliefs about the environment.
 Examples of non-political themes in "Toxicity"'s lyrics are group sex, drug addiction, and groupies.
Portrait of an American Family is the debut full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson.
 It was released on July 19, 1994 in the US through Nothing and Interscope Records.
 It was produced by Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails.
 The album was initially known as "The Manson Family Album" – a direct reference to serial killer Charles Manson's own band – but was retitled prior to release.
"Man That You Fear" is a promotional-only single from Marilyn Manson's second studio album, "Antichrist Superstar", and is the final song on the album.
 The song is inspired by what Manson had to grow up with and how it turned him into what he is now, a man or monster that people now have grown to fear.
 The line, "Sticking to my pointy ribs/ Are all your infants in abortion cribs" refers to a story told in "The Long Hard Road Out of Hell" in which Manson as a child found a coffee can with something rotting inside.
 His mother told him it was discarded meat, but later told him that it was actually an aborted fetus.
 The song was initially penned during Manson's cousin Chad's wedding ceremony.
"Never Learn Not to Love" is a song recorded by the American rock band the Beach Boys, credited to Dennis Wilson, and released as the B-side to the group's "Bluebirds over the Mountain" single on December 2, 1968.
 In 1969, "Never Learn Not to Love" was included on the Beach Boys' 15th studio album "20/20".
 The song was actually an altered version of "Cease to Exist", composed by aspiring folk singer-songwriter and later convicted murder-conspirator Charles Manson.
 Musically, Wilson deviated from Manson's blues influence, reworking it to fit the band's pop-oriented approach.
