Despair (Russian: "Отчаяние" , or "Otchayanie ") is the seventh novel by Vladimir Nabokov, originally published in Russian, serially in the politicized literary journal "Sovremennye zapiski" during 1934.
 It was then published as a book in 1936, and translated to English by the author in 1937.
 Most copies of the 1937 English edition were destroyed by German bombs during World War II; only a few copies remain.
 Nabokov published a second English translation in 1965; this is now the only English translation in print.
The 13⁄ Lives of Captain Bluebear is a 1999 fantasy novel by German writer and cartoonist Walter Moers which details the numerous lives of a human-sized bear with blue fur.
 The captain's name is originally a pun in German, based upon the fact that the German words for "bears" ("Bären") and "berries" (Beeren) sound very much alike, whereas "Blaubeere" (lit.
 "blueberry") is actually the German word for bilberry (a number of other German cartoonists have made similar puns relating to bear names in their stories, including Rötger Feldmann aka Brösel), that a typical sailorish sailor is called an (old) "seabear", and that sailors are prejudiced to be quite often "blue", i.e. drunk.
 The novel was originally written in German, an English translation was published in the United Kingdom in 2000 and in the United States in 2005, an Italian translation in 2000, a Chinese translation in 2002, and a French translation in 2005.
 The novel attained considerable popularity in Germany and the United Kingdom while experiencing relative obscurity in the United States.
John Ormsby (1829–1895) was a nineteenth-century British translator.
 He is most famous for his 1885 English translation of Miguel de Cervantes' "Don Quixote de la Mancha", perhaps the most scholarly and accurate English translation of the novel up to that time.
 It is so precise that Samuel Putnam, who published his own English translation of the novel in 1949, faults Ormsby for duplicating Cervantes' pronouns so closely that the meaning of the sentences sometimes becomes confusing.
Gerbrand Bakker (born 28 April 1962) is a Dutch writer.
 He won the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award for "The Twin", the English translation of his novel "Boven is het stil", and the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize for "The Detour", the English translation of his novel "De omweg".
Beaufort (English translation of "אם יש גן עדן"; in Hebrew: If There's a Heaven) is the first novel by Israeli author and media professional Ron Leshem.
 The work was initially published in 2005 and in English translation under this title in 2007.
 The novel was the basis for the 2007 Academy Award-nominated film "Beaufort".
Log Horizon (Japanese: ログ・ホライズン , Hepburn: Rogu Horaizun ) is a Japanese novel series written by Mamare Touno and illustrated by Kazuhiro Hara, published by Enterbrain in Japan since 2011.
 Yen Press began publishing the novels in English translation in 2015.
 The series follows the strategist, Shiroe, and the other players of the long-lived MMORPG "Elder Tales" after they find themselves whisked away into the game world following a game update.
 The novel has received four manga adaptations, with one based on the main story and the other three revolving around characters in the series.
 An anime adaptation aired on NHK Educational TV between October 5, 2013 and March 22, 2014.
 A second season aired between October 4, 2014 and March 28, 2015.
Scream, the debut English album by German band Tokio Hotel, contains English versions of songs from two of their previous albums: "Schrei" and "Zimmer 483".
 Eight of the twelve songs come from "Zimmer 483" while the remaining four originated from "Schrei".
 The name "Scream" is the English translation of the name of the first Tokio Hotel album, "Schrei".
 In German-speaking countries, the album was released as "Room 483" - the English translation of their second album's name ("Zimmer 483").
 The first single released from the album was simply called "Monsoon" - not "Through the Monsoon" (the literal translation of the original, "Durch den Monsun").
Danbo (ダンボー , Danbō , "cardboard") is a fictional cardboard box robot character from Kiyohiko Azuma's manga series "Yotsuba&!
".
 In the ADV Manga English translation of the manga the name "Cardbo" was used, but the name was restored to Danbo in the later released Yen Press English translation.
 In reality, Danbo is merely a person inside of a costume made of cardboard.
 Danbo was later picked up as an Internet meme, and inspired various electronic gadgets.
Tanya Grotter (Russian: Таня Гроттер ) is the female protagonist of a Russian fantasy novel series by Dmitri Yemets.
 Tanya (short for Tatiana) Grotter is an orphan with intentional resemblances to J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter".
 Despite its reputation in Russia and the many books it has spawned, the series is not available in English translation, because of the first book having been judged a breach of copyright.
The Four III (Chinese: 四大名捕3) is a Chinese-Hong Kong 3D wuxia film directed by Gordon Chan and Janet Chun.
 It is the final installment of the trilogy based on Woon Swee Oan's novel series, after "The Four" (2012) and "The Four II" (2013).
