Christopher Harper-Bill is emeritus professor in the school of history at the University of East Anglia.
 He previously taught Medieval History at St. Mary's University College (Twickenham).
 Harper-Bill's research interests are "the ecclesiastical history of England from the Norman Conquest to the eve of the Reformation, and particularly in the edition of episcopal and monastic records."
 Harper-Bill is completing a four-volume edition of the acta of the bishops of Norwich from 1070 to 1299.
Anthony Tuck (born 1940) is Emeritus Professor of Medieval History at the University of Bristol.
 He was educated at the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle (1948–59) and at the University of Cambridge.
 From 1965 to 1978 he was Senior Lecturer in Medieval History at Lancaster University.
 He was also Master of Collingwood College at the University of Durham from 1978 to 1985.
 His published work focus on the relationship between the king and nobility in late medieval England.
Edward Frederick James (born 14 May 1947) is a British scholar of medieval history and science fiction.
 He is Emeritus Professor of Medieval History at University College, Dublin.
Judith Green is an English medieval historian, who is Emeritus Professor of Medieval History at the University of Edinburgh.
 A graduate of King's College, London and Somerville College, Oxford, she held a research fellowship and then a lectureship at the University of St Andrews before transferring to a lectureship at Queen's University, Belfast.
 There she became a Reader and, eventually, Professor.
 In 2005, she took the professorship at Edinburgh, retiring in 2011.
Thomas F. Glick Ph.D. was a professor at Boston University from 1972 until 2012.
 He taught in the departments of history and gastronomy.
 He served as the history department's chairperson from 1984 to 1989, and again from 1994 to 1995.
 He has also been the director of the Institute for Medieval History at Boston University since 1998.
 Dr. Glick's course offerings for the history department covered the topics of medieval Spain, medieval science and medieval technology, and the history of modern science.
 For the gastronomy department he taught a number of classes, including Readings in Food History, Readings in Wine History and has designed a class on using cookbooks as primary resources.
 He is currently the director of the Shtetl Economic History Project and is a corresponding member of Reial Acadèmia de Bones Lletres de Barcelona, an honorary member of Sociedad Mexicana de Historia de la Ciencia, and holds membership in the History of Science Society, the Society for the History of Technology, Sociedad Española de Historia de la Ciencia, Societat Catalana d'Història de la Ciència, and the Society for the Preservation of Old Mills.
 He has also authored numerous works pertaining to Spain, medieval history, Darwinism and other subjects.
Peter Jackson is a scholar and historian, specializing in the Crusades, particularly the contacts between the Europeans and the Mongols as well as medieval Muslim India.
 He is Emeritus Professor of Medieval History at Keele University and editor of "The Cambridge History of Iran: The Timurid and Safavid Periods".
Patrick J. Geary (born September 26, 1948) is an American medieval historian and Professor of Western Medieval History at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.
 He also holds the title of Distinguished Professor of Medieval History Emeritus at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Christopher John "Chris" Wickham, FBA, FLSW (born 18 May 1950) is a British historian and academic.
 He is emeritus Chichele Professor of Medieval History at the University of Oxford and Fellow of All Souls College.
 He was Professor of Early Medieval History at the University of Birmingham from 1997 to 2005.
Diana Eleanor Greenway, FBA (born 1937) is a British retired historian and academic, who specialised in medieval history and palaeography.
 She taught at the Institute of Historical Research from 1964 to 2003, and she was Reader in Medieval History (1993–1998) and then Professor of Medieval History (1998–2003) at the University of London.
Donald Auberon Bullough (13 June 1928 – 26 June 2002) was a British historian who taught and published on the cultural and political history of Italy, England and Carolingian France during the early Middle Ages.
 He was the brother of mathematician Robin Bullough (d. 2008).
 He was successively Professor of Medieval History and Dean of the Faculty of Arts at University of St Andrews, Lecturer in Medieval History at the University of Edinburgh, Professor of Medieval History at the University of Nottingham (1966-1973) and again Professor of Medieval History at St Andrews (1973-1991).
 He was made Corresponding Fellow of the Monumenta Germaniae Historica in 1983.
