The Nebraska House of Representatives was the lower house of the Nebraska Legislature from 1867 until 1936.
 In 1934, Nebraska voters amended the state constitution to reconfigure the Nebraska State Legislature to a unicameral system—this system became effective for the 1937 legislative session.
 Beginning as a territorial lower house in 1854, it had 26 members; this number was raised to 39 members at the time of the first state constitution's promulgation in 1866, and the second state constitution in 1875 limited membership in the House at 100 members, a limit which would be filled by 1881.
 The last representatives were elected to a two-year term in 1934 and began their service with the final House of Representatives session in 1935.
The Alaska House of Representatives is the lower house in the Alaska Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 The House is composed of 40 members, each of whom represents a district of approximately 17,756 people per 2010 Census figures.
 Members serve two-year terms without term limits.
 With 40 representatives, the Alaska House is the smallest state legislative lower house in the United States.
The Hawaii State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Hawaii.
 The state legislature is a bicameral body consisting of a lower house, the Hawaii State House of Representatives, with 51 representatives, and an upper house, the 25-member Hawaii State Senate.
 There are a total of 76 representatives in the legislature, each representing single member districts across the islands.
 The powers of the legislature are granted under Article III of the Constitution of Hawaii.
The West Virginia Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 A bicameral legislative body, the Legislature is split between the upper Senate and the lower House of Delegates.
 It was established under Article VI of the West Virginia Constitution following the state's split from Virginia during the American Civil War in 1863.
 As with its neighbor and former constituent Virginia General Assembly, the legislature's lower house is also referred to as a "House of Delegates."
The California State Assembly is the lower house of the California State Legislature.
 It consists of 80 members, with each member representing at least 465,000 people.
 Due to the state's large population and relatively small legislature, the State Assembly has the largest population-per-representative ratio of any state lower house and second largest of any legislative lower house in the United States after the federal House of Representatives.
 As a result of Proposition 140 in 1990 and Proposition 28 in 2012, members elected to the legislature prior to 2012 are restricted by term limits to three two-year terms (six years), while those elected in or after 2012 are allowed to serve 12 years in the legislature in any combination of four-year state senate or two-year state assembly terms.
Lieut. Samuel Leavitt (1641–1707) was an early colonial settler of Exeter, New Hampshire, one of the four original towns in the colony of New Hampshire, where Leavitt later served as a delegate to the General Court as well as Lieutenant in the New Hampshire Militia, and subsequently as member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
 The recipient of large grants of land in Rockingham County, Leavitt held positions of authority within the colonial province.
The California State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of California.
 It is a bicameral body consisting of the lower house, the California State Assembly, with 80 members, and the upper house, the California State Senate, with 40 members.
 New legislators convene each new two-year session, to organize, in the Assembly and Senate Chambers, respectively, at noon on the first Monday in December following the election.
 After the organizational meeting, both houses are in recess until the first Monday in January, except when the first Monday is January 1 or January 1 is a Sunday, in which case they meet the following Wednesday.
 Aside from the recess, the legislature is in session year-round.
The Nevada Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Nevada.
 The Legislature is a bicameral body, consisting of the lower house Nevada Assembly, with 42 members, and the upper house Nevada Senate, with 21 members.
 All 63 members of the Legislature are elected from an equal amount of constituent districts across the state.
 The Legislature is the third smallest bicameral state legislature in the United States (the Alaska Legislature is the smallest bicameral, with only 60 members and the Delaware General Assembly has 62 members).
Dennis Pennington (May 18, 1776 – September 2, 1854) was a farmer and a stonemason who became known for his many years in public office as an early legislator in the Indiana Territory and in Indiana's General Assembly as a representative of Harrison County, Indiana.
 Pennington, a member of the Whig Party, became the first speaker of the Indiana territorial legislature's lower house in 1810, served as the territory's census enumerator in 1815, and represented Harrison County as one of its five delegates to the constitutional convention of 1816.
 Pennington was the first speaker of the Indiana Senate (1816 to 1818), and served in the state legislature for eighteen years, which included five years in the Indiana House of Representatives and thirteen years in the Indiana Senate.
 His major political contributions relate to his strong opposition to slavery.
 Pennington ran unsuccessfully for Indiana's Lieutenant Governor in 1825.
 In addition to his service in the state legislature, Penning was a Harrison County sheriff and a justice of the peace, a trustee of Indiana University, and a member of the Grand Lodge of Indiana.
 He also supervised construction of the limestone courthouse that served as Indiana's first state capitol building in Corydon, Indiana.
 The historic Old Capitol, the seat of state government from 1816 to 1825, is one of his most enduring legacies.
 Fondly remembered as "Old Uncle Dennis" or "Father Pennington," he was known for his common sense and strong character and became one of Harrison County's most influential citizens.
The Arizona State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Arizona.
 It is a bicameral legislature that consists of a lower house, the House of Representatives, and an upper house, the Senate.
 Composed of 90 legislators, the state legislature meets in the Capitol Complex in the state capital of Phoenix, Arizona.
 Created by the Arizona Constitution upon statehood in 1912, the Arizona State Legislature met biennially until 1950.
 Today, they meet annually.
