Chiari-like malformation (CM) is the most common cause of foramen magnum obstruction and syringomyelia in dogs.
 Syringomyelia (SM) is a disease of the spinal cord typified by fluid filled cavities, or syrinxes, within the spinal cord substance.
 The disease is caused by the obstruction of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), in the nervous system.
 A situation of high pressure in the spinal cord compared to low pressure outside, leads to fluid accumulation, which eventually forms cavities.
 CM is a condition characterized by the mismatch of size between the brain and the skull.
 The skull is too small causing part of the brain to descend out of the skull through the opening at its base, crowding the spinal cord.
 The cause of CM is not yet fully understood.
 CM is rare in most breeds but reportedly has become very widespread in the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel and the Griffon Bruxellois (Brussels Griffon).
 Some researchers estimate that as many as 95% of CKCSs may have CM.
 It is worldwide in scope and not limited to any country, breeding line, or kennel, and experts report that it is believed to be inherited in the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.
 CM is so widespread in the Cavalier that it may be an inherent part of the CKCS's breed standard.
 This disease not only affects thousands of dogs, but a similar condition affects over three hundred thousand children yearly.
 Therefore, canines are an appropriate model for the treatment of the human condition.
The World Transformation Movement is a non-profit organisation based in Sydney dedicated to developing and promoting understanding of the human condition.
 The organisation was founded in 1983 by the Australian biologist Jeremy Griffith, known for his long search for the Tasmanian Tiger or thylacine in the late 1960s and early 1970s and his many books on the subject of the human condition.
Democratization (or democratisation) is the transition to a more democratic political regime.
 It also refers to substantive political changes moving in a democratic direction.
 It may be the transition from an authoritarian regime to a full democracy, a transition from an authoritarian political system to a semi-democracy or transition from a semi-authoritarian political system to a democratic political system.
 The outcome may be consolidated (as it was for example in the United Kingdom) or democratization may face frequent reversals (as it has faced for example in Argentina).
 Different patterns of democratization are often used to explain other political phenomena, such as whether a country goes to a war or whether its economy grows.
 Democratization itself is influenced by various factors, including economic development, history, and civil society.
 The ideal result from democratization is to ensure that the people have the right to vote and have a voice in their political system.
Junpei Gomikawa (March 15, 1916 – March 8, 1995) was a Japanese novelist.
 He is best known for his 1958 World War II novel "The Human Condition" ("Ningen no joken"), which became a best seller.
 Gomikawa's novel became the basis for Masaki Kobayashi's film trilogy "The Human Condition".
 Another novel by Gomikawa, "Men and War" ("Senso to ningen"), formed the basis for Satsuo Yamamoto's 1970-1973 film trilogy of the same name.
The Human Condition (人間の條件 , Ningen no jōken ) is a Japanese epic film trilogy made between 1959 and 1961, based on the six-volume novel published from 1956 to 1958 by Junpei Gomikawa.
 It was directed by Masaki Kobayashi and stars Tatsuya Nakadai.
 The trilogy follows the life of Kaji, a Japanese pacifist and socialist, as he tries to survive in the totalitarian and oppressive world of World War II-era Japan.
 Altogether, as a single film it is 9 hours, 47 minutes long, not including intermissions, making it one of the longest fiction films ever made.
In 2008, Martha Albertson Fineman established ‘The Vulnerability and the Human Condition Initiative’ (VHC) as an interdisciplinary theme of Emory University’s Laney Graduate School.
 The Initiative was initially supported by joint contributions from Emory's Race and Difference Initiative and the Feminism and Legal Theory Project (which Fineman established in 1984 while at the University of Wisconsin).
 The VHC Initiative’s webpages set forth its ambition to ‘carve out academic space within which scholars can imagine models of state support and legal protection that focus on the commonalities of the human condition – most centrally the universal vulnerability of human beings and the imperfection of the societal institutions created to address that vulnerability’.
 The VHC initiative first public session took the form of a roundtable discussion with Bryan S. Turner and Peadar Kirby (both of whom were already working on concepts of vulnerability in relation to a sociology of human rights and a critical account of globalisation respectively).
 It was at this event that Fineman distributed her 2008 paper, ‘The Vulnerable Subject’ for early discussion.
 Various workshops, programs and publications have followed.
"Vulnerability: Reflections on a New Ethical Foundation for Law and Politics" includes chapters by many workshop participants situating vulnerability in various philosophical traditions, on topics ranging from assisted reproductive technology, animals and economics.
Democratic confederalism, also known as democratic federalism, is a libertarian socialist political system developed by Abdullah Öcalan based on the ideas of Murray Bookchin.
 He describes it as "open towards other political groups and factions" and as "flexible, multi-cultural, anti-monopolistic, and consensus-oriented."
 The ideology is closely associated with the polity of Rojava, where it is the governing political system.
Jeremy Griffith (born 1945) is an Australian biologist and author on the subject of the human condition.
 He first came to public attention for his attempts to find the Tasmanian tiger.
 He later became noted for his writings on the human condition and theories about human progress.
 He founded the World Transformation Movement to advance his ideas in 1983.
The Human Condition (人間の條件 , Ningen no jōken ) is a six-part novel written by Junpei Gomikawa.
 It was first published in Japan in 1958.
 The novel was an immediate bestseller and sold 2.4 million copies within its first three years after being published.
 It became the basis for Masaki Kobayashi's film trilogy "The Human Condition", released between 1959 and 1961.
 It had also been broadcast as a radio drama before the film release.
Totalitarianism is a political system in which the state recognizes no limits to its authority and strives to regulate every aspect of public and private life wherever feasible.
 A distinctive feature of totalitarian governments is an "elaborate ideology, a set of ideas that gives meaning and direction to the whole society".
