The Pittsburgh Light Rail, commonly known as the T system, is the light rail system for Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 It is run by the Port Authority of Allegheny County and currently consists of the Red Line, Blue Line - Library and Blue Line - South Hills Village.
 Trolley lines began on the T's route in 1897, and currently The T is the eighteenth most used light rail system in the United States.
 As of the fourth quarter of 2013 it had an annual ridership of 8,321,700, with 28,300 daily boardings over its 26.2 mile length.
 It has 53 stations over two lines and was last expanded in 2012 with the completion of the North Shore Connector.
The Pittsburgh Light Rail (commonly known as The T) is a 26.2 mi light rail system in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; it functions as a subway in Downtown Pittsburgh and largely as an at-grade light rail service in the suburbs south of the city.
 The system is largely linear in a north-south direction, with one terminus just north of Pittsburgh's central business district and two termini in the South Hills.
 The system is owned and operated by the Port Authority of Allegheny County.
 It is the successor system to the streetcar network formerly operated by Pittsburgh Railways, the oldest portions of which date to 1903.
 The Pittsburgh light rail lines are vestigial from the city's streetcar days, and is one of only three light rail systems in the United States that continues to use the Pennsylvania Trolley (broad) gauge rail on its lines instead of .
 Pittsburgh is one of the few North American cities that have continued to operate light rail systems in an uninterrupted evolution from the first-generation streetcar era, along with Boston, Cleveland, New Orleans, Newark, Philadelphia, San Francisco and Toronto.
There are three heavy rail and three light rail rapid transit systems operating in Canada.
 The Toronto subway was the first rapid transit system in Canada when it opened a 12-station line in 1954.
 It has since grown to encompass three heavy rail lines and one intermediate rail line and has the most number of stations of any system in Canada with 69.
 Construction has begun on the Eglinton Crosstown Line and the Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension, which will add 28 new stations and a total of 27.6 km of new track.
 Montreal introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966 and has now become the most popular rapid transit system in the country with 1,263,800 daily riders.
 The Vancouver SkyTrain, an automated guided line, was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair and is the longest rapid transit system in Canada with a system length of 79.6 km .
 There are three light rail systems operating in Canada including systems in Calgary (the CTrain), Edmonton (the Edmonton LRT), and Ottawa (the O-train).
 There is one light rail system under construction in Kitchener-Waterloo named Ion rapid transit.
The San Diego Trolley (reporting mark SDTI) is a light rail system operating in the metropolitan area of San Diego.
 It is known colloquially as The Trolley.
 The Trolley's operator, San Diego Trolley, Inc. (SDTI), is a subsidiary of the San Diego Metropolitan Transit System (MTS).
 The Trolley began service on July 26, 1981, making it the oldest of the "second generation" light rail systems in the United States.
 The entire Trolley network serves 53 stations, and comprises 53.5 mi of route, and three primary lines named the Blue Line, the Orange Line, and the Green Line, as well as a supplementary heritage streetcar downtown circulator known as the Silver Line that operates on select weekdays, weekends and holidays.
 In Q4 2014, the Trolley was the 4th most-ridden light rail system in the United States, with an average of 119,800 riders per weekday.
METRORail is the 23.8 mi light rail system in Houston, Texas (USA).
 As of 2015, the METRORail has an average weekday ridership of 60,600 and total annual ridership of 16,500,400.
 After Dallas' DART Light Rail, METRORail ranks as the second most-traveled light rail system in the Southern United States and the 12th most-traveled light rail system in the United States.
 METRORail is operated by the Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County (METRO).
The Manila Light Rail Transit System (Filipino: "Sistema ng Magaang Riles Panlulan ng Maynila" ) popularly and informally known as the LRT is a metropolitan rail system serving the Metro Manila area in the Philippines.
 Although referred to as a light rail system because it originally used light rail vehicles, it has characteristics that make it more akin to a rapid transit (metro) system, such as high passenger throughput, exclusive right-of-way and later use of full metro rolling stock.
 The system is operated by the Light Rail Transit Authority (LRTA), a government-owned and controlled corporation under the authority of the Department of Transportation and Communications (DOTC).
 Along with the Manila Metro Rail Transit System (MRT-3, also called the new Yellow Line), and Philippine National Railways's commuter line, the system makes up Metro Manila's rail infrastructure.
DART Light Rail is a light rail system in Dallas, Texas and its suburbs owned and operated by Dallas Area Rapid Transit.
 The system comprises 93 mi among its four lines — the Red Line , the Blue Line , the Green Line , and the Orange Line .
 It is the longest light rail system in the United States.
 As of the fourth quarter of 2014, the system has an average weekday ridership of 101,800, making it the largest light rail system in the Southern United States by ridership, and the seventh largest in the United States by ridership.
 As of Fiscal Year 2015, the system average weekday riderships had fallen to 97,800.
 (The system utilizes 163 light rail trains manufactured by Kinki Sharyo, with all trains being converted to "Super" LRVs which feature level boarding and higher passenger capacity.
In Los Angeles County, California, the Metro Rail system, is a combined rapid transit and light rail system, operated by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (LACMTA).
 The system is composed of two rapid transit lines and four light rail lines that run on 105.8 mi of track.
 As of March 2012, Los Angeles County Metro Rail serves an average of 323,870 passengers each weekday, 192,943 each Saturday, and 146,646 each Sunday.
 Metro Rail is one of the largest rapid transit and light rail systems in the United States by ridership.
 This is complemented by Metro's two Metro Liner bus rapid transit lines.
The Colombo Monorail is a proposed monorail system to be built in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
 The project is estimated to cost US$1.3 billion.
 Construction was proposed to begin in 2Q 2015.
 However a Japanese JICA transportation master plan for Colombo did not recommend a Monorail as a priority and recommended a Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) , Railway electrification an overhead light rail system instead.
 A separate study by the Ministry of Megapolis and Western development (see below for more information) also revealed that a Light Rail system is much more feasible than Monorail and decided to go with a Light Rail system, electrified railway system and an Inland water transport ( a brand new boat/ferry service that utilises Colombo’s historic canal network) under the Western Region Megapolis project.
GO ALRT (Government of Ontario Advanced Light Rail Transit) was a light rail system proposed by GO Transit in 1982.
 The ARLT system would have been implemented along two new lines in the Greater Toronto Area.
 It would have used a new electric train to provide interurban service along the existing and new GO corridors.
 The system was based on an enlarged UTDC ICTS vehicle that was designed to offer a good compromise between passenger capacity and the level of infrastructure needed to support it.
 The project was cancelled due to budget cuts of the Tory government in 1985, although a number of the proposed lines were later implemented using conventional heavy rail systems.
