Paul Richard Epworth (born 25 July 1974 in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire) is an English music producer, musician, and songwriter.
 His production and writing credits include Adele, Rihanna, and Maxïmo Park amongst many others.
 On 12 February 2012 at the 54th Grammy Awards, Epworth won four Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year, Album of the Year (Adele's "21"), and Song of the Year and Record of the Year (for "Rolling in the Deep").
 He won the Academy Award for Best Original Song alongside Adele, for "Skyfall".
 His sister Mary Epworth is a singer and songwriter.
 He is a member of the Music Producers Guild.
 He also has a record label, Wolf Tone, whose artists include Glass Animals, Rosie Lowe and Plaitum.
 He has won 'Producer of the Year' at the BRIT Awards three times, the most recent in 2015.
 At the 59th Grammy Awards in 2017, Epworth won a Grammy for Album of the Year for his work on Adele's 25".
"Seven Nation Army" (also stylized as "7 Nation Army") is a song by American rock duo The White Stripes.
 It was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album, "Elephant", in March 2003, and reached number one on the Modern Rock Tracks—maintaining that position for three weeks.
 It also became the third best-performing song of the decade on the same chart.
 It was well received commercially as well, and won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song.
Late Night Tales: The Flaming Lips is a compilation album compiled by the members of The Flaming Lips, featuring songs by various artists.
 The album was released on March 7, 2005 and it features one new Flaming Lips recording, a cover of the White Stripes' "Seven Nation Army".
Robert Glasper (born April 6, 1978, in Houston, Texas) is an American pianist and record producer.
 He has been nominated for 6 Grammys, has won 3 Grammy Awards and is currently nominated for an Emmy Award.
 His 2012 album "Black Radio" won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album at the 55th Grammy Awards.
 His 2014 album "Black Radio 2" won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Performance at the 56th Grammy Awards.
 The song "These Walls" from Kendrick Lamar's album "To Pimp A Butterfly" won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 57th Grammy Awards, on which Glasper plays keys.
 The soundtrack for the film "Miles Ahead" won Best Soundtrack Compilation at the 58th Grammy Awards, for which Glasper was a producer.
 The song "Letter To The Free", written with Common, is nominated for an Emmy Award for Best Original Song in the Ava Duvernay documentary film "13th" (Netflix) at the 2017 Emmys.
The Boys Are Back is the thirtieth studio album of country music group The Oak Ridge Boys.
 It was released in 2009 under the Spring Hill Music Group label.
 The album marked the group's return to secular country music after releasing gospel albums since 1992.
 The track "Seven Nation Army," a cover of The White Stripes's 2003 song from their album "Elephant", was released as the album's first single.
The White Stripes were an American rock duo formed in 1997 in Detroit, Michigan.
 The group consisted of Jack White (songwriter, vocals, guitar, piano, and mandolin) and Meg White (drums and vocals).
 After releasing several singles and three albums within the Detroit music scene, The White Stripes rose to prominence in 2002, as part of the garage rock revival scene.
 Their successful and critically acclaimed albums "White Blood Cells" and "Elephant" drew attention from a large variety of media outlets in the United States and the United Kingdom, with the single "Seven Nation Army" and its guitar line becoming their signature song.
 The band recorded two more albums, "Get Behind Me Satan" in 2005 and "Icky Thump" in 2007, and dissolved in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.
The Grammy Award for Best Male Rap Solo Performance was an honor presented to male recording artists at the 45th Grammy Awards in 2003 and the 46th Grammy Awards in 2004 for quality rap solo performances.
 The Grammy Awards, an annual ceremony that was established in 1958, and originally called the Gramophone Awards, are presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".
Megan Martha "Meg" White (born December 10, 1974) is an American drummer and occasional singer known for her work with Jack White in the Detroit rock duo The White Stripes.
 On an impulse, she played on Jack's drums in 1997.
 The two decided to form a band and began performing two months later, calling themselves The White Stripes because of their last name and Meg's affinity for peppermint candy.
 The band quickly became a Detroit underground favorite, before reaching national, then international fame.
 White has been nominated for various awards as a part of the White Stripes, and has received four Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Award for Best Female Rap Solo Performance was an honor presented to female recording artists at the 45th Grammy Awards in 2003 and the 46th Grammy Awards in 2004 for quality rap solo performances.
 The Grammy Awards, an annual ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, are presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".
Elephant is the fourth album by the American alternative rock duo The White Stripes.
 Released on April 1, 2003 on V2 Records, its release garnered near unanimous critical acclaim and commercial success, garnering a nomination for Album of the Year and a win for Best Alternative Music Album at the 46th Grammy Awards in 2004, peaking at No. 6 in the US "Billboard" charts and topping the UK album charts.
