Sherry Gunther is an American producer known for her work in animation.
 While at Klasky Csupo, Gunther worked on the television series "Duckman", "Rugrats", and early seasons of "The Simpsons", for which she won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1991.
 She was made senior vice president of production at Hanna-Barbera Cartoons in 1995.
 Under Hanna-Barbera President Fred Seibert she oversaw production of Turner Entertainment programs such as "Dexter's Laboratory", "Johnny Bravo", "The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest", and the "World Premiere Toons".
 Sherry then went on to Produce Family Guy and to found Twentieth Television's first in-house Prime-Time animation studio, and produced countless Prime-Time pilots for Imagine Television, Touchstone Television, Twentieth Television, Fox, and Carsey Warner.
 She also produced theatrical shorts of Looney Tunes for Warner Bros.
 Sherry has received four additional Primetime Emmy nominations, Festival Awards, and a Humanitas Award.
 a Daytime Emmy Award, two CableACE Award nominations, and a Humanitas Prize.
Steve Nallon (born 8 November 1960) is a British actor, writer, voice artist and impressionist.
 Nallon began his career as a stand-up performer on the northern club circuit in the 1970s.
 He is known for his work as a voice artist on the satirical puppet show "Spitting Image" and for impersonating Margaret Thatcher on television throughout her time as Prime Minister of the UK (1979–1990).
 In his career Steve Nallon has performed a number of roles and characters as an actor and as a voice artist in theatre, film, television and radio.
Larry Richard Drake (February 21, 1950 – March 17, 2016) was an American actor, voice artist, and comedian best known as Benny Stulwicz in "L.A. Law", Robert G. Durant in both "Darkman" and "" and the voice of Pops in "Johnny Bravo".
Jeff Bennett (born October 2, 1962) is an American voice actor and singer.
 His voice roles include Johnny Bravo in the television series of the same name, Petrie in the "Land Before Time" films and television series, Mr. Smee and Bones in "Jake and the Never Land Pirates", The Man With the Yellow Hat in "Curious George", Raj in "Camp Lazlo", Kowalski in "The Penguins of Madagascar" series and various other characters in films, television shows and video games.
"Johnny Bravo" is an American animated television series created by Van Partible for the Cartoon Network.
 The series premiered July 14, 1997, and ended officially August 27, 2004.
 The series is a spin-off of "World Premiere Toons", also known as the "What a Cartoon!
 Show".
Brian A. Miller is an American television producer and the current Senior Vice President and General Manager of Cartoon Network Studios in Burbank, California, having assumed the title in 2000.
 He was formerly Vice President of Production at Nickelodeon Animation Studio, Vice President of Production at Hanna-Barbera, and Vice President of Production at DIC Entertainment.
 He also served as a production supervisor for "Alvin and the Chipmunks".
 He was also the executive in charge of production for various shows in the 1990s and early 2000s such as "Dexter's Laboratory", "CatDog", "Hey Arnold!
", "The Angry Beavers", "ChalkZone", "", "The Powerpuff Girls", "Captain Planet and the Planeteers", "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog", "Cow and Chicken", "Johnny Bravo", and the first season of "SpongeBob SquarePants".
Rumen Petkov (Bulgarian: Румен Петков ) (born 26 January 1948) is a Bulgarian animator and comic creator.
 His influence spawned a new generation of young Bulgarian comic book artists as Vladimir Nedialkov, Koko Sarkisian, Ivan Kirjakov and others.
 He was one of the main artists of the comics magazine DUGA (Rainbow), which was the most popular comics for several generations of Bulgarian children.
 His most popular cartoon is "The Adventures of Choko the Stork and Boko the Frog" which was popular in Bulgaria during the 1970s and 1980s.
 Other famous animated films he directed are "Friends of Gosho the Elephant", "Treasure Planet", etc.
 He has won the Grand Prize at the Ottawa Animation Festival and the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival.
 Recently Rumen Petkov has worked as a writer, storyboard artist, animation director and director on some episodes of "Johnny Bravo", "Dexter's Laboratory", "Cow and Chicken", "I Am Weasel", "The New Woody Woodpecker Show" and other series.
 He has said about animation: "Animation will never die because it's like music, because it's like running with the wind, because it's funny."
Van Partible (born Efrem Giovanni Bravo Partible on December 13, 1971) is a Filipino-born American animator, writer and producer best known for creating the animated television series "Johnny Bravo".
Festival of New Songs (Slovene: "Festival novih skladb" , FENS; previously "Festival Nova scena" ) is a festival of new and as yet nonaffirmed musicians from Slovenia and abroad.
 It is the only festival in Slovenia where not only adults but children and teenagers compete too.
 It takes place in July each year in Izola and Koper and is broadcast by main Slovene television and radio stations.
 In its more than 20 years of history more than 500 rock, jazz, metal, and pop performers from Slovenia and abroad (Italy, Croatia, and France) have participated, amongst them Kingston, Tinkara Kovač, Lara Baruca, Ylenia Zobec, Siddharta, Alya, Polona Furlan, Andraž Hribar, Monika Pučelj, Sound Attack, Aleksandra Čermelj, Mambo Kings, Nude, Botri, Maja Slatinšek, Johnny Bravo, Foxy teens, and Eva Černe.
 Its long-term mission is to promote Slovene music, to establish the international cooperation and the exchange with other European countries.
Gryphon also known as "Attack of the Gryphon" is a 2007 television film directed by Andrew Prowse, starring Amber Benson, Jonathan LaPaglia, and Larry Drake.
 It premiered on the Sci-Fi Channel on January 27, 2007.
