The Red Queen is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's fantasy novel "Through the Looking-Glass".
 She is often confused with the Queen of Hearts from the previous book "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", although the two are very different.
"The Nine Billion Names of God" is a 1953 science fiction short story by British writer Arthur C. Clarke.
 The story was among the stories selected in 1970 by the Science Fiction Writers of America as one of the best science fiction short stories published before the creation of the Nebula Awards.
 It was reprinted in "The Science Fiction Hall of Fame, Volume One, 1929–1964".
"Not by Its Cover" is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick, a sequel to his first published science fiction short story, "Beyond Lies the Wub".
 The story continues the former's theme of immortality, although not focusing on a living Wub itself, but rather its fur.
The Red Queen's race is an incident that appears in Lewis Carroll's "Through the Looking-Glass" and involves the Red Queen, a representation of a Queen in chess, and Alice constantly running but remaining in the same spot.
The Red Queen is a 2010 historical novel by Philippa Gregory, the second of her series "The Cousins' War".
 It is the story of Margaret Beaufort, mother of Henry VII of England.
 The 2013 BBC One television series "The White Queen" is a 10-part adaptation of Gregory's novels "The White Queen" (2009), "The Red Queen" and "The Kingmaker's Daughter" (2012), and features Amanda Hale as Margaret Beaufort.
"The Man Who Evolved" is a science fiction short story by American writer Edmond Hamilton, first published in the April 1931 issue of "Wonder Stories".
 In his comments on the story in "Before the Golden Age", Isaac Asimov called it the first science fiction short story (as opposed to novel) that impressed him so much it stayed in his mind permanently.
 In her introduction to "The Best of Edmond Hamilton", Leigh Brackett called the story "a fine example of Hamilton's skill in encapsulating an enormous theme into the neat and perfect compass of a short story."
Alice in Wonderland is a 2010 American fantasy adventure film directed by Tim Burton from a screenplay written by Linda Woolverton.
 The film stars Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway, Helena Bonham Carter, Crispin Glover, Matt Lucas, and Mia Wasikowska and features the voices of Alan Rickman, Stephen Fry, Michael Sheen, and Timothy Spall.
 Based on Lewis Carroll's fantasy novels, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and "Through the Looking-Glass".
 This film tells the story of a nineteen-year-old Alice Kingsley (stated in the film to be a daughter of Charles Kingsley), who is told that she can restore the White Queen to her throne, with the help of the Mad Hatter.
 She is the only one who can slay the Jabberwock, a dragon-like creature that is controlled by the Red Queen and terrorizes Underland's inhabitants.
"The Little Black Bag" is a science fiction short story by American Cyril M. Kornbluth, first published in the July 1950 edition of "Astounding Science Fiction".
 It is a predecessor of sorts to the story "The Marching Morons".
 It won the 2001 Retroactive Hugo Award for Best Novelette (of 1951) and was also recognized as the 13th best all-time short science fiction story in a 1971 "Analog Science Fact & Fiction" poll, tied with "Microcosmic God" by Theodore Sturgeon.
 It was among the stories selected in 1970 by the Science Fiction Writers of America as one of the best science fiction short stories published before the creation of the Nebula Awards.
 As such, it was published in "The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume One, 1929-1964".
Red Queen is a young adult fantasy novel written by American writer Victoria Aveyard.
 It was her first series and her first novel.
 It was published in February 2015.
 Its sequels are "Glass Sword" and "King's Cage".
 Red Queen won the 2015 Goodreads Choice Award for Debut Goodreads Author and was nominated for the 2015 Goodreads Choice Award for Young Adult Fantasy & Science Fiction.
The Red Queen's Race is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov; it uses the Red Queen's race from Lewis Carroll's "Through the Looking-Glass" as a metaphor for the final plot twist.
 The story also makes reference to Asimov's psychohistory.
 "The Red Queen's Race" was first published in the January 1949 issue of "Astounding Science Fiction" and reprinted in the 1972 collection "The Early Asimov".
