Ali is the third mixtape by American rapper Mike G.
 It was released as a free digital download on the Odd Future website on April 13, 2010.
 The album features production from fellow Odd Future members Tyler, The Creator, Left Brain, and Syd tha Kyd, as well as Tyler, The Creator, Vince Staples, Earl Sweatshirt and MellowHype as guest appearances.
The Odd Future Tape is the debut mixtape by Odd Future.
 In 2007, Odd Future consisted of Tyler, The Creator, Hodgy Beats, Left Brain, Jasper Dolphin, The Super 3 (Matt Martians and Hal Williams) and Casey Veggies, the latter of which left after the mixtape's release.
 The songs were recorded on a computer camera microphone.
 The mixtape was made available for free download in 2008 – LA Weekly dates the release as November 2008.
American singer Frank Ocean has released two studio albums, one collaboration album, one mixtape, twelve singles and eight music videos. Following the flooding and destruction of his recording studio during Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Ocean moved from his hometown of New Orleans to the Californian city of Los Angeles, where he sought to continue his musical career, eventually landing himself a songwriting contract.
 In 2009, Ocean signed to Def Jam Recordings as a solo artist.
 Ocean also formed a friendship with rapper Tyler, The Creator, leader of the Los Angeles-based hip hop collective Odd Future (OFWGKTA) and subsequently became a member of Odd Future, as well as making three guest appearances on the album "Goblin", including the single "She".
 In February 2011, he released his first major project, his first mixtape "Nostalgia, Ultra", which produced two singles: "Novacane" and "Swim Good".
 "Novacane" became his first single to chart on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, where it peaked at number 82.
 Ocean also made two guest appearances on the Kanye West and Jay Z collaborative album "Watch the Throne", including the single "No Church in the Wild", which peaked at number 72 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 Ocean has also written songs for several artists, such as Damienn Jones ("Cinderella" and "Summertime"), Brandy Norwood ("1st & Love" and "Scared of Beautiful"), John Legend ("Quickly"), Beyoncé ("I Miss You"), Bridget Kelly ("Thinking About Forever"), and Justin Bieber ("Bigger").
The OF Tape Vol.
 2 is the debut studio album by American hip hop collective Odd Future, released March 20, 2012, on Odd Future Records and RED Distribution.
 It serves as the sequel from their debut mixtape, "The Odd Future Tape" (2008).
 The album features appearances from Odd Future members Hodgy Beats, Tyler, The Creator, Domo Genesis, Frank Ocean, Mike G, The Internet, Taco, Jasper Dolphin, Left Brain and L-Boy, as well as an uncredited appearance from Earl Sweatshirt.
 Production on the album was primarily handled by Left Brain and Tyler, The Creator, with Frank Ocean, Hal Williams and Matt Martians also receiving production credits.
 Lyrically the album ranges from being serious to being satirical, with some tracks offering an overly absurdist take on rap.
119 is the fourth studio album by American hardcore punk band Trash Talk, released on October 9, 2012 via Trash Talk Collective along with Odd Future Records and RED Distribution.
 It is the first album by the band to be released on Odd Future Records, after Trash Talk signed with Odd Future's label on May 30, 2012.
 It is also the first studio album to be released on the label that is not performed by a member of Odd Future.
 A music video for the first official single, "F.E.B.N.", was posted onto YouTube on August 30, 2012.
Purple Naked Ladies is the debut studio album by American soul band The Internet, a duo consisting of Syd tha Kyd and Matt Martians of Odd Future.
 The digital version of the album was released on December 20, 2011, with a physical copy, with bonus tracks released on January 31, 2012.
 The album is the first physically released album on Odd Future's own record label Odd Future Records.
12 Odd Future Songs is a compilation album by hip hop collective Odd Future; it was released exclusively through iTunes on October 3, 2011.
 The album is made up of 10 songs previously released by members of Odd Future, and 3 new songs; The Internet's "They Say" (later featured on "Purple Naked Ladies"), "Forest Green" by Mike G (later featured on "The OF Tape Vol.
 2") and MellowHype's "67", a song exclusive to the compilation.
 Although it is titled "12 Odd Future Songs", there are 13 tracks on the compilation.
Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All, normally shortened to Odd Future and abbreviated to OFWGKTA (stylized OFWGK†Δ with an upside down cross), is an American hip hop collective formed in Los Angeles in 2006-07.
 The collective was originally formed by Tyler, The Creator with Hodgy, Left Brain, Casey Veggies, The Super 3, and Jasper Dolphin.
 Later members include Earl Sweatshirt, Frank Ocean, Domo Genesis, Mike G, and Syd.
 Outside of music, Odd Future had an Adult Swim skit show called "Loiter Squad", a clothing line named Golf Wang, as well as a mobile app called Golf Media which contains exclusive interviews, behind the scenes clips, and cartoons.
 Every year since 2012, Odd Future has held the annual Camp Flog Gnaw in Los Angeles where members of Odd Future, as well as other supporting acts, perform live and host a carnival.
MellowHigh is the eponymous debut studio album by American hip hop group MellowHigh, which consists of Odd Future rappers Domo Genesis and Hodgy Beats, and record producer Left Brain.
 The album was released on October 31, 2013 by Odd Future Records.
 The album features guest appearances from Tyler, The Creator, Earl Sweatshirt, Smoke DZA, Curren$y, and Remy Banks.
"Trouble on My Mind" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Pusha T, released as the lead single from his debut EP "".
 It was produced by longtime collaborators The Neptunes along with Odd Future's Left Brain and features a guest appearance from fellow American rapper and Odd Future's frontman Tyler, The Creator.
 The song was unveiled July 8, 2011, and premiered via RedBullUSA.com, it was officially released on July 12, through iTunes and Amazon.
 The song was also included on the soundtrack to the film "Project X".
