Franks was the second son of Thomas Franks (1729–1787), of Ballymagooly, County Cork, by Catherine, daughter of Rev. John Day.
 He was born in 1770, and graduated at Trinity College, Dublin, B.A. 1788, LL.B.
 1791.
 He was called to the Irish Bar 1792.
 He went the Munster circuit, and had a good practice as chamber counsel.
 He became King's Counsel in 1823.
 In 1825 the Board of Control, on the recommendation of his friend William Plunket, then Attorney General for Ireland, appointed him a judge of the Supreme Court at Calcutta.
 He received, as was customary, the honour of knighthood before his departure for India.
 He held this office till the effect of the climate on his health brought about his resignation in 1834.
 On his return he resided at Roebuck, near Dublin.
 He died 11 Jan. 1852.
 He was thrice married.
 By his first wife, Catherine, daughter of his cousin Thomas Franks of Carrig, Cork, he had two sons and three daughters.
 He married secondly Jane Marshall, and thirdly Sarah O'Regan.
 His eldest son and heir was John Franks of Ballyscaddan, County Limerick; his younger son, Matthew, was an army officer, as were many of his later descendants.
Robbie Tucker (born April 5, 2001) is an American actor.
 His best known role to date is that of Fenmore Baldwin on the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
 Tucker has also starred on other series, such as "Criminal Minds", "FlashForward" and "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia".
 He has also appeared in the films "Prom" and "Little Fockers".
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4, 2005.
 It moved to FXX beginning with the ninth season, and has remained there since.
 It was created by Rob McElhenney, who developed it with Glenn Howerton.
 It is executive produced and primarily written by McElhenney, Howerton, and Charlie Day, all of whom star alongside Kaitlin Olson and Danny DeVito.
 The series follows the exploits of "The Gang", a group of debauched self-centered friends who run the Irish bar Paddy's Pub in South Philadelphia.
Peter Denis Sutherland (born 25 April 1946) is an Irish international businessman and former Attorney General of Ireland, associated with the Fine Gael party.
 He is a barrister by profession and is a Senior Counsel of the Irish Bar.
 He is known for serving in a variety of international organisations, political and business roles.
Allman was born in Cork, Ireland, the son of James C. Allman of Bandon, and received his early education at the Royal Academical Institution, Belfast.
 For some time he studied for the Irish Bar, but ultimately gave up law in favour of natural science.
 In 1843 he graduated in medicine at Trinity College, Dublin, and in the following year was appointed professor of botany in that university, succeeding the botanist William Allman (1776–1846), who was the father of George Johnston Allman (distant relations of George).
 This position he held for about twelve years until he removed to Edinburgh as Regius Professor of natural history.
 There he remained until 1870, when considerations of health induced him to resign his professorship and retire to Dorset, where he devoted himself to his favorite pastime of horticulture.
Fenmore Baldwin is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
 Created by former head writers Lynn Marie Latham and Kay Alden as the son of Michael Baldwin (Christian LeBlanc) and Lauren Fenmore (Tracey Bregman), the character was born onscreen during the episode airing on October 13, 2006.
 Initially portrayed by various child actors including Robbie Tucker, the character was rapidly aged to a teenager in 2012, with Max Ehrich assuming the role.
Henry Archer (1799–1863) was the son of an Irish landowner and was educated at Trinity College, Dublin.
 He was called to the Irish Bar and spent most of his time between North Wales and London.
John Joseph Clancy (15 July 1847 – 25 November 1928), usually known as J. J. Clancy, was an Irish nationalist politician and Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons for North County Dublin from 1885 to 1918.
 He was one of the leaders of the later Irish Home Rule movement and promoter of the Housing of the Working Classes (Ireland) Act 1908, known as the Clancy Act.
 Called to the Irish Bar in 1887 he became a KC (King's Counsel) in 1906.
O'Shaughnessy was born on December 22, 1850 in Dublin, son of Thomas O'Shaughnessy and Mary Lopdell.
 He married Catherine Newman in 1879 and they had four children.
 He died at his home in Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin on March 7, 1933.
 Educated at Queens College Galway, he was called to the Irish Bar in 1874 and to the English Bar by Middle Temple in 1894.
Charles Johnstone (  1719 –1800) was an Irish novelist.
 Prevented by deafness from practising at the Irish Bar, he went to India, where he was proprietor of a newspaper.
 He wrote one successful book, "Chrysal, or the Adventures of a Guinea", a somewhat sombre satire.
