Niangala is a village located on the south-eastern edge of the Northern Tablelands area of New South Wales, Australia.
 It is on the Moonbi Range which is part of the Great Dividing Range, at approximately 1300 m above sea level.
 The village is in Walcha parish in Parry County.
 At the 2011 census , Niangala and the surrounding area had a population of 142.
Jennings is a town on the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The town is located in the Tenterfield Shire local government area, 718 km from the state capital, Sydney and 256 km from Brisbane.
 It is separated by the state border from its neighbouring town of Wallangarra in Queensland.
 At the 2011 census , Jennings had a population of 211.
 The New England Highway and the Main North railway line cross the state border at Jennings.
 The town was named for Sir Patrick Jennings, the first Roman Catholic Premier of New South Wales.
Stannum is a small tin mining village on the Northern Tablelands, in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.
 The region is in Tenterfield Shire.
 It is 14  kilometres north north-west of Deepwater and south-west of Tenterfield and 48 kilometres from Glen Innes.
 It is situated on a plateau known as the Mole Tableland in close proximity to the Queensland border on the Northern Tablelands.
 Another tin mining village, Torrington lies 13 kilometres to the west.
The Northern Tablelands, also known as the New England Tableland, is a plateau and a region of the Great Dividing Range in northern New South Wales, Australia.
 It includes the New England Range, the narrow highlands area of the New England region, stretching from the Moonbi Range in the south to the Queensland border in the north.
 The region corresponds generally to the Bureau of Meteorology forecast area for the Northern Tablelands which in this case includes Inverell although it is significantly lower in elevation.
Walcha ( ) is a town at the south-eastern edge of the Northern Tablelands, New South Wales, Australia.
The Bruxner Highway is a 420 km state highway located in New South Wales, Australia.
 The highway forms an east-west link from the Northern Rivers coast, across the Northern Tablelands in northern New South Wales, close to the border with Queensland.
Tenterfield was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, originally created in 1859, partly replacing New England and Macleay, and named after, and including, Tenterfield.
 In 1920, with the introduction of proportional representation, it was absorbed into Northern Tablelands, along with Armidale and Gough.
 It was recreated in 1927 and abolished in 1981 and partly replaced by the recreated Northern Tablelands.
Armidale was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, originally created in 1894, partly replacing New England, and named after and including Armidale.
 In 1920, with the introduction of proportional representation, it was absorbed into Northern Tablelands, along with Gough and Tenterfield.
 It was recreated in 1927 and abolished in 1981 and partly replaced by the recreated Northern Tablelands.
Kellys Plains is a small rural locality situated about 8 kilometres west south west of Armidale, New South Wales.
 The settlement is at an altitude of about 1,044 metres on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.
Armidale is a city in the Northern Tablelands, New South Wales, Australia.
 Armidale had an estimated population of 23,674 as of 30 June 2015.
 It is the administrative centre for the Northern Tablelands region.
 It is approximately halfway between Sydney and Brisbane at the junction of the New England Highway and Waterfall Way.
 Armidale traditional owners are Anaiwan people.
 Many Gumbaynggirr people have settled in Armidale since colonisation.
