The Ambush of Geary was a skirmish of the American Revolutionary War fought on 14 December 1776 near Ringoes in Amwell Township, Hunterdon County, New Jersey.
 Cornet Francis Geary, the leader of a company of dragoons, was shot in an ambush set up by local militiamen.
City Center at White Plains is a large mixed-use development shopping complex in downtown White Plains, New York.
 It features two 35-story apartment and condominium towers, 600000 sqft of retail, restaurant and entertainment space and new parking facilities.
 City Center's opening in 2003 marked the beginning of a new downtown development renaissance, and with the improving economy and healthy office leasing activity, White Plains entered the new millennium as the leading retail and office center in Westchester County.
 The City Center has also become a known spot where members of the New York Knicks hang out during their time off since their practice facility is in Greenburgh, New York, which is just 14 minutes away.
New York State Route 125 (NY 125) is a 7.50 mi north–south state highway located within Westchester County, New York, in the United States.
 The route begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 1 (US 1) in the town of Mamaroneck and ends at a junction with NY 22 in the city of White Plains.
 A section of the route in the city of White Plains is maintained by Westchester County and co-designated as County Route 26 (CR 26).
 A second county-owned segment exists along the New Rochelle–Scarsdale line as County Route 129.
 Both numbers are unsigned.
 NY 125 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, initially extending from US 1 to Mamaroneck Avenue in White Plains.
 It was extended north to NY 22 in the mid-1930s.
USS "White Plains" (AFS-4) was the fourth "Mars"-class combat stores ship of the United States Navy.
 The ship was named after the city of White Plains, New York, scene of the Battle of White Plains during the American Revolutionary War.
The 10th Continental Regiment was a unit of the Connecticut Line in the 1776 establishment of the Continental Army.
 It began as Parson's Connecticut Regiment (also known as the 6th Connecticut Provincial Regiment), which was part of the 1775 establishment, and was commanded by Colonel Samuel Holden Parsons until his promotion to brigadier general.
 It was first active during the Siege of Boston, and then in preparing the defenses of New York City.
 After Parsons was promoted in August 1776, command came to John Tyler, who was promoted to colonel at that time.
 The regiment fought in the Battle of Long Island, and was part of the panicked retreat after the British landing on Manhattan.
 Although the regiment was present with the army at White Plains, New York in October 1776, it did not participated in the battle fought there.
The New York and New Jersey campaign was a series of battles for control of New York City and the state of New Jersey in the American Revolutionary War between British forces under General Sir William Howe and the Continental Army under General George Washington in 1776 and the winter months of 1777.
 Howe was successful in driving Washington out of New York City, but overextended his reach into New Jersey, and ended the active campaign season in January 1777 with only a few outposts near the city.
 The British held New York harbor for the rest of the war, using it as a base for expeditions against other targets.
Pelham Parkway is a working- and middle-class residential neighborhood geographically located in the center of the Bronx, a borough of New York City in the United States.
 The neighborhood is part of Bronx Community Board 11.
 Its boundaries, starting from the north and moving clockwise are: Waring Avenue to the north, the IRT Dyre Avenue Line tracks ( trains ) to the east, Neill Avenue to the South, and Bronx River Parkway to the west.
 White Plains Road is the primary commercial thoroughfare through Bronx Park East.
 The local subway line is the IRT White Plains Road Line ( trains ) operating along White Plains Road.
 Zip codes include 10461 and 10462.
 The area is patrolled by the New York City Police Department 49th Precinct located at 2121 Eastchester Road in the Morris Park section of the Bronx.
The Battle of White Plains was a battle in the New York and New Jersey campaign of the American Revolutionary War fought on October 28, 1776, near White Plains, New York.
 Following the retreat of George Washington's Continental Army northward from New York City, British General William Howe landed troops in Westchester County, intending to cut off Washington's escape route.
 Alerted to this move, Washington retreated farther, establishing a position in the village of White Plains but failed to establish firm control over local high ground.
 Howe's troops drove Washington's troops from a hill near the village; following this loss, Washington ordered the Americans to retreat farther north.
James Linn (1749 – January 5, 1821) was a United States Representative from New Jersey.
 Born in Bedminster Township, he pursued preparatory studies and graduated from Princeton College in 1769.
 He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1772 and commenced practice in Trenton.
 He returned to Somerset County and was judge of the Court of Common Pleas; he was a member of the Provincial Congress of New Jersey in 1776.
 During the Revolutionary War he served as captain in the Somerset County Militia in 1776, and first major from 1776 to 1781.
 He was a member of the New Jersey Legislative Council (now the New Jersey Senate) in 1777, and returned to Trenton; he served in the New Jersey General Assembly in 1790 and 1791, and from 1793 to 1797 was again a member of the State Council serving as Vice-President of Council in 1796-97.
The Battle of Mamaroneck was a skirmish in the New York and New Jersey campaign of the American Revolutionary War fought on October 22, 1776, at Mamaroneck, Westchester County, New York.
 Following the retreat of George Washington's army to White Plains, British General William Howe landed troops in Westchester County, intending to cut off Washington's escape route.
 To cover the eastern flank of his army, Howe ordered Major Robert Rogers and his Rangers to seize the village of Mamaroneck which had been recently abandoned by the Continental army.
 On the night of October 22, 750 men under Colonel John Haslet attacked the British encampment.
 Haslet's men achieved complete surprise, but Rogers' Rangers rallied and drove off the attackers.
