Apurinã (Ipurina) is a Southern Maipurean language spoken by the Apurinã people of the Amazon basin.
 It has an active–stative syntax.
 Apurinã is a Portuguese word used to describe the Popikariwakori people and the language they speak (Facundes 34, 2000).
 Apurinã indigenous communities are predominantly found along the Purus river in the Northwestern Amazon region in Brazil, in the Amazonas state (Pickering 2, 2009).
 Its population is currently spread over twenty-seven different indigenous lands along the Purus river (Apurinã PIB).
 with an estimated population of 9,500 people in total.
 It is predicted however that less than 30% of the Apurinã population is able to speak the language fluently (Facundes 35, 2000).
 A definite number of speakers cannot be firmly determined due to a regional scattered presence of its people.
 The spread of Apurinã speakers to different regions was due initially to conflict or disease, which consequently led natives to lose the ability to speak the language due to lack of practice and interactions with other communities.
 Secondly, as a consequence of violence and oppression towards indigenous people, some natives and descendants choose to not identify themselves as indigenous further reducing the number of people that are categorized as speaking the language (Facundes 23, 2000).
 The consequence of this low transmission and cultivation of the language results is the risk of endangerment.
 The endangerment level of Apurinã is currently at level 3 (Facundes 4, 2000), meaning that although adults still speak the language, children are no longer being exposed to it and are being taught Portuguese or Spanish instead.
 This could consequently lead to a further reduction in the number of people that speak the language over the years and eventually lead it go become extinct.
Sadza in Shona (isitshwala in isiNdebele, or pap, vuswa or bogobe in South Africa, or nsima in Chichewa language, or Ugali in East Africa) or phaletšhe in Botswana, is a cooked cornmeal that is the staple food in Zimbabwe and other parts of Southern Africa.
A staple food, or simply a staple, is a food that is eaten routinely and in such quantities that it constitutes a dominant portion of a standard diet for a given people, supplying a large fraction of energy needs and generally forming a significant proportion of the intake of other nutrients as well.
 The staple food of a specific society may be eaten as often as every day or every meal, and most people live on a diet based on just a small number of staples.
Laomian (also known as Bisu, Guba or Lawmeh) is a Sino-Tibetan language and is a Chinese derivation of the Lahu name Lawmeh.
 Laomian is closely related to the Bisu language, is spoken in Laomian Dazhai 老缅大寨, Zhutang Township 竹塘乡, Lancang County, Yunnan.
 There are 4,000 speakers (out of 5,000 ethnic members) in central Lancang County, Yunnan (Bradley 2007), and fewer than 1,000 Laopin speakers, which may not be included in these numbers.
 It's language family consists of Sino-Tibetan, Tibeto-Burman, Ngwi-Burmese, Ngwi, Southern, Bisoid, Bisu-Pyen-Laomian, Bisu, Pyen, and Laomian.
 It is mostly spoken in China in the Southwestern areas of Yunnan Province that joins Thailand and Myanmar.
 Speakers of Laomian that live in areas with different ethnic groups mostly speak Laomian in their home, while using the main local ethnic language in public.
 The average age of Laomian speakers is increasing into the sixties to seventies in areas of heterogeneous communities because children are learning the main local language.
 The domination of Chinese language has had a major impact on the villages of the Laomian people due to the increasing amount of people who can speak multiple languages.
Indo-Iranian peoples, also known as Indo-Iranic peoples by scholars, and sometimes as Arya from their self-designation, were an ethno-linguistic group who brought the Indo-Iranian languages, a major branch of the Indo-European language family, to major parts of Eurasia.
Papeda or bubur sagu, is sago congee, the staple food of native people in Maluku and Papua.
 It is commonly found in eastern Indonesia, as the counterpart of central and western Indonesian cuisines that favour rice as their staple food.
Pap , also known as mieliepap (Afrikaans for maize porridge) in South Africa or Sadza in Shona or Isitshwala in Isindebele language in Zimbabwe, or Ogi/ Akamu in Nigeria or phaletšhe in Botswana is a traditional porridge/polenta made from mielie-meal (ground maize) and a staple food of the Bantu peoples of Southern Africa (the Afrikaans word "pap" is taken from Dutch and simply means "porridge").
 Many traditional Southern Africa dishes include pap, such as smooth maize meal porridge (also called "slap pap" or soft porridge), pap with a very thick consistency that can be held in the hand ("stywe pap" or firm porridge) and a more dry crumbly phuthu pap.
 Phuthu dishes are usually found in the coastal areas of South Africa.
Bantu peoples is used as a general label for the 300–600 ethnic groups in Africa who speak Bantu languages.
 They inhabit a geographical area stretching east and southward from Central Africa across the African Great Lakes region down to Southern Africa.
 Bantu is a major branch of the Niger–Congo language family spoken by most populations in Africa.
 There are about 650 Bantu languages by the criterion of mutual intelligibility, though the distinction between language and dialect is often unclear, and "Ethnologue" counts 535 languages.
Quechua , also known as runa simi ("people's language"), is an indigenous language family, with variations spoken by the Quechua peoples, primarily living in the Andes and highlands of South America.
 Derived from a common ancestral language, it is the most widely spoken language family of indigenous peoples of the Americas, with a total of probably some 8–10 million speakers.
 Approximately 13% of Peruvians speak Quechua.
 It is perhaps most widely known for being the main language of the Inca Empire, and was disseminated by the colonizers throughout their reign.
Plakali is a staple food mainly prepared by the Ahanta and Nzema peoples of the Western region of Ghana.
 It consists of cassava dough cooked in hot water, and it is similar to banku, another Ghanaian staple food.
 Plakali is eaten with palm nut or groundnut soup.
