"I Know Him So Well" is a duet from the concept album and subsequent musical "Chess" by Tim Rice, Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus.
 It was originally sung by Elaine Paige (as Florence) and Barbara Dickson (as Svetlana).
 In this duet, two women – Svetlana, the Russian chess champion's estranged wife, and Florence, his mistress – express their bittersweet feelings for him and at seeing their relationships fall apart.
"One Night in Bangkok" is a song from the concept album and subsequent musical "Chess" by Tim Rice, Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus.
 It was originally rapped by the British actor and singer Murray Head (verses) and sung by the Swedish singer and songwriter Anders Glenmark (choruses).
"Anthem" is a song from the concept album and subsequent musical "Chess" by Tim Rice, Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus.
 The song describes the feelings of Soviet Russian challenger, Anatoly Sergievsky, when he defects.
 The song was originally sung by Tommy Körberg on the original concept album and as Anatoly in the original West End cast.
 It was later covered by various artists including Josh Groban on his album "Stages" and Kerry Ellis.
"Just Like That" is a 1982 song by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, which is an unreleased song recorded by ABBA.
 The song was recorded by Swedish brother and sister duo, Karin Glenmark and Anders Glenmark as Gemini on Polydor, for the album "Gemini" (1986) produced by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus with Anders Glenmark, and released as a 1986 single.
Murray Seafield St George Head (born 5 March 1946) is an English actor and singer, most recognised for his international hit songs "Superstar" (from the 1970 rock opera "Jesus Christ Superstar") and "One Night in Bangkok" (the 1984 single from the musical "Chess", which topped the charts in various countries), and for his 1975 album "Say It Ain't So".
 He has been involved in several projects since the 1960s and continues to record music, perform concerts, and make appearances on television either as himself or as a character actor.
Gemini is an album by Gemini released in 1985.
 The album features songwriting contributions from artists such as Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, formerly of ABBA, and Anders Glenmark and Ingela Forsman.
 Two songs were of particular interest: "Slowly", a song written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, was previously recorded by ABBA's Anni-Frid "Frida" Lyngstad and the unreleased ABBA song "Just Like That" was re-written and included on this LP.
 Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus contend that the inclusion of this new version of "Just Like That" means that the ABBA version cannot be released, saying that there can't be two official versions of a song with the same title that are so similar and yet so different.
"Story of a Heart" is a song co-written by Swedish musicians Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus and recorded by Benny Andersson's Band for their first compilation album of the same name (2009); it features vocals from Swedish singer Helen Sjöholm.
 British group Steps covered the song for their fifth studio album, "Tears on the Dancefloor" (2017).
 It was released as the second single from the album in the form of a remix EP on 12 May 2017, with a radio release slated for 16 June.
Sir Timothy Miles Bindon "Tim" Rice (born 10 November 1944) is an English author and Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, Tony Award, and Grammy Award-winning lyricist.
 He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber, with whom he wrote "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", "Jesus Christ Superstar", and "Evita"; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA, with whom he wrote "Chess"; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of "The Wizard of Oz"; and for his work with Alan Menken on Disney's "Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, and the musical King David").
 He also worked with Elton John on Disney's "The Lion King", the musical "Aida", and DreamWorks Animation's "The Road to El Dorado" and Ennio Morricone.
Chess is a musical with music by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus of the pop group ABBA, and with lyrics by Tim Rice.
 The story involves a politically driven, Cold War-era chess tournament between two men—an American grandmaster and a Soviet grandmaster—and their fight over a woman who manages one and falls in love with the other.
 Although the protagonists were not intended to represent any real individuals, the character of the American grandmaster (named Freddie Trumper in the stage version) was loosely based on Bobby Fischer, while elements of the story may have been inspired by the chess careers of Russian grandmasters Viktor Korchnoi and Anatoly Karpov.
Mamma Mia!
 (promoted as Benny Andersson & Björn Ulvaeus' Mamma Mia!
 and Mamma Mia!
 The Smash Hit Musical) is a jukebox musical written by British playwright Catherine Johnson, based on the songs of ABBA, composed by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, former members of the band.
 The title of the musical is taken from the group's 1975 chart-topper "Mamma Mia".
 Ulvaeus and Andersson, who composed the original music for ABBA, were involved in the development of the show from the beginning.
 Singer Anni-Frid Lyngstad has been involved financially in the production and she has also been present at many of the premieres around the world.
