When You Can Fly is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Victoria Banks and her first album with record label distribution, which earned Banks a 2010 Canadian Indie Award nomination and six nominations at the 2009 Canadian Country Music Awards including Album of the Year, Single of the Year ("The Wheel"), Songwriter of the Year ("The Wheel"), Female Artist of the Year and Rising Star.
 The album was self-produced by Banks, also earning her a nomination for Producer of the Year.
 It was released on April 14, 2009 by On Ramp Records/EMI Canada.
 The album's first single "The Wheel," earned a 2010 Canadian Radio Music Award nomination.
 Subsequent singles included "When You Can Fly," "Kiss Me, "This Old Halo" and "Don't Leave the Leavin'."
 Music videos for "The Wheel" and "When You Can Fly" received airplay on CMT Canada.
"Love Can't Wait" is a song by American singer-songwriter Nick Carter, released as the lead Canadian single from his second studio album, "I'm Taking Off".
 The single was released on June 21, 2011.
 The song only appears on the Canadian version of the album, and has not been released in any other territories.
 The music video for the song features Carter performing the song with the backdrop of a motorway system.
 The music video also featured Canadian pop star Shawn Desman, who co-wrote the song.
 The single peaked at #2 on the Canadian Singles Chart, based entirely on download sales.
 Carter ran a competition for amateur mixers to remix the track, with the winning remixer earning $1500 and their remix appearing on Carter's remix album, "I'm Taking Off: Relaunched and Remixed".
Jessie Farrell is a Canadian country music singer.
 At the 2007 Canadian Country Music Awards, Farrell was nominated for Female Vocalist of the Year and the Chevy Rising Star Award.
 Farrell's first country album, "Nothing Fancy", was released on October 9, 2007.
 At the Canadian Country Music Awards of 2008, Jessie Farrell won Female Artist of the Year and the Top New Female Talent Award.
 In 2009, she worked with Canadian rock/pop stars Faber Drive on their song "I'll Be There".
Canadian Voice of Women for Peace is a Canadian anti-nuclear organisation which was formed in 1960 in response to an article in which Lotta Dempsey, a journalist for the "Toronto Star", called out for action against the threat of nuclear war and asked women to work together for peace.
 In response to the article, a group of women contacted Dempsey, and formed a women’s organization that they called Canadian Voice of Women for Peace.
 The membership quickly grew to six thousand members, and the organization held an international peace conference – the first of its kind – in 1962.
 One of the most effective campaigns that Voice of Women implemented was collecting baby teeth in North America and demonstrated that the baby teeth collected contained high levels of Strontium-90, in order to put pressure on the Canadian government to promote a treaty banning nuclear testing.
Super Star is the fourth studio album by Taiwanese girl group S.H.E.
 It was released on 22 August 2003.
 Ella suffered a back injury during the shooting of a television show one month before the album was released.
 Because of this, Ella is absent from some of the music videos.
 As of 2006, the single "Super Star" from this album has been S.H.E's biggest hit.
 German producer Roberto "Geo" Rosan and vocalist Jade Villalon, as Sweetbox, composed "Super Star" for S.H.E during the sessions for Sweetbox's Adagio, and they also released their own English version as a single at the time.
 In 2004, Canadian singer Skye Sweetnam re-recorded "Super Star" as "Superstar".
Kenneth Joel "Kenny" Hotz is a Canadian comedy writer, producer, director, actor and comedian.
 Hotz is a "South Park" consultant and writer, creator/star of the Comedy Central television show "Kenny vs. Spenny", creator and writer of the FX series "Testees", and the creator/star of "Kenny Hotz's Triumph of the Will".
 He has received numerous awards for his television work— from the Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television the Gemini Awards and the Canadian Comedy Awards—and is a multiple-time film festival award-winner.
 He is also an award-winning "Vice" contributor and Gulf war photo-journalist.
Samantha Hall (born July 14, 1992) better known by her ring name Bambi Hall is a Canadian female professional wrestler who debuted on June 18, 2011, and for All Star Wrestling (ASW), in June 2012 currently working for All Star Wrestling, and is the current Women's Champion.
 Hall also works for other Canadian independent promotions including Canadian National Wrestling Alliance (CNWA), Big West Wrestling (BWW), Beauty Slammers Wrestling (BSW), Canadian Wrestling's Elite (CWE), Wise Pro Wrestling (WPW), Elite Canadian Championship Wrestling (ECCW), Real Canadian Wrestling (RCW), Vancouver Island Pro Wrestling (VIPW), Pure Wrestling Association (PWA), Monster Pro Wrestling (MPW), Trash Wrestling, Pure Power Wrestling (PPW), Tony Condello Promotions (TCP), Gold Dragon Wrestling (GDW), and Midget Wrestling Warrirors (MWW), as well Hall has also competed in the United States in SHIMMER Women Athletes, West Coast Wrestling Connection (WCWC), and Vendetta Pro Wrestling (VPW), in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The General Campaign Star (French: "Étoile de campagne générale" ) is a campaign medal created in 2004 by the Canadian monarch-in-Council to recognize members of the Canadian Armed Forces who had directly participated in any military campaign under Canadian or allied command.
 It is, within the Canadian system of honours, the sixth highest of the war and operational service medals.
The Royal Canadian Artillery Museum, Canada’s National Artillery Museum, is a museum dedicated to telling the complete story of the more than 200,000 Canadian Gunners who have served Canada in war and peace since 1855.
 The museum is Canada’s National Artillery Museum, a Manitoba Star Attraction and one of the largest military museums in Canada.The Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery (RCA) has been a part of the fabric of Canadian history since the earliest days of our nation.
 In 1962, the RCA Museum was established at Canadian Forces Base Shilo in order to preserve and interpret this proud heritage for future generations.
Carrie Frances Fisher (October 21, 1956 – December 27, 2016) was an American actress, writer, and humorist.
 Fisher was known for playing Princess Leia in the "Star Wars" films; a role for which she was nominated for three Saturn Awards.
 Her other film roles included "Shampoo" (1975), "The Blues Brothers" (1980), "Hannah and Her Sisters" (1986), "The 'Burbs" (1989), "When Harry Met Sally..." (1989), "Soapdish" (1991) and "The Women" (2008 film).
 She was nominated twice for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her performances on the television series "30 Rock" and "Catastrophe".
 She was posthumously made a Disney Legend in 2017.
