The Civil Affairs Staging Area (CASA) also known as the Civil Affairs Holding and Staging Area was a combined U.S. Army, U.S Navy military formation authorized by the Joint Chiefs of Staff on June 18, 1944 during World War Two for military government theater planning, training and provision of military government personnel to areas of the Far East liberated from the Empire of Japan, including East China, Formosa and Korea.
 CASA had two divisions: The Operations and Training Division focused on language instruction and execution of civil affairs duties at a local level.
 These duties varied greatly and, as an example, included mass feeding of civilians, camp sanitation, provision of medical supplies, containment of epidemic diseases, labor relations and rodent control.
 The Theatre Planning & Research Division developed plans for military government at a national level such as control of Japan's economic institutions, control of Japan's education system and methods for increasing the overall supply of food throughout, not only Japan, but also previously occupied areas like East China.
 CASA provided comprehensive training and planning in civil affairs administration to officers coming from six schools of military government established at various universities throughout the United States.
 Army & Navy personnel trained by CASA numbered in the thousands, with more than 1,000 officers assigned to a wide variety of civil affairs positions for the initial occupation of Japan alone.
 The goal of the U.S. Army's Civil Affairs Division in the creation of CASA was to replicate the same success in the Far East experienced by the Civil Affairs Division in the European Theatre.
 General John H. Hilldring ordered Colonel Hardy C. Dillard, Commander of the Civil Affairs Training Division for the European Theater of Operations, to take command of CASA from Colonel William A. Boekel and implement the European Civil Affair's planning and training program.
 Colonel Dillard was relieved of command on 20 July 1945 by Brigadier General Percy L. Sadler.
Call of Duty: WWII is an upcoming first-person shooter video game developed by Sledgehammer Games and published by Activision for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Microsoft Windows.
 It is the fourteenth primary installment and first "Call of Duty" series game to be set primarily during World War II since "" in 2008.
 The game is set in European theatre of the war.
 The campaign is centered around a squad in the 1st Infantry Division, and follows their battles in the Western Front, while the multiplayer expands on different fronts not seen in the campaign.
 Zombies mode also returns.
Theatre of War is a real-time tactical strategy game centering on the decisive battles in the European Theatre of World War II 1939–1945.
 The game allows the player to control armed forces of France, Germany, Poland, The USSR, United Kingdom or the United States (combined in actual campaign) in over 40 missions.
 Players will command a special task force composed of different kinds of units, including tanks, APCs, field guns, mortars, various infantry regiments and will also have an opportunity to call for artillery and air support.
 With a focus on unit detail and combat realism, would-be generals are faced with authentic battle scenarios, taken straight from actual World War II records and maps.
Blazing Angels: Squadrons of WWII is a flight combat video game for the PC, Xbox, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Wii.
 It was developed by Ubisoft Bucharest during the second fiscal quarter of 2006 for both the North American and European regions.
 The game features 46 different World War II fighter planes and allows the player or players to take part in several World War II events as a fictional squadron.
 Online support allows 16 players to take part in head-to-head and co-operative battles.
 "Blazing Angels: Squadrons of WWII" was released on March 24, 2006 in the United States and March 31, 2006 in Europe.
The final battles of the European Theatre of World War II as well as the German surrender to the Soviet Union and the Western Allies took place in late April and early May 1945.
Daniel Charles Gerould (March 28, 1928 – February 13, 2012) was the Lucille Lortel Distinguished Professor of Theatre and Comparative Literature at the CUNY Graduate Center and Director of Publications of the Martin E. Segal Theatre Center.
 A scholar, teacher, translator, editor, and playwright, Gerould was a specialist in US melodrama, Central and Eastern European theatre of the twentieth century, and "fin-de-siècle" European avant-garde performance.
 Gerould was one of the world’s most recognized “Witkacologists,” a leading scholar and translator of the work of Polish playwright, novelist, painter, and philosopher Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz ("Witkacy").
 Gerould was best known for introducing English-language audiences to the writings of Witkiewicz through such work as "Stanisław I. Witkiewicz, The Beelzebub Sonata: Plays, Essays, Documents" (PAJ Publications 1980), "Witkacy: Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz as an Imaginative Writer" (University of Washington Press, 1981), "The Witkiewicz Reader" (Northwestern University Press, 1992), and his original translations of most of Witkiewicz’s plays.
The Georgian Uprising on Texel (Dutch: "Opstand der Georgiërs" ) (5 April 1945 – 20 May 1945) was an insurrection by the 882nd Infantry Battalion "Königin Tamara" (Queen Tamar or "Tamara") of the Georgian Legion of the German Army stationed on the German occupied Dutch island of Texel (pronounced "Tessel").
 The battalion was made up of 800 Georgians and 400 Germans, with mainly German officers.
 It was one of the last battles in the European theatre.
Air Chief Marshal Sir Keith Rodney Park, (15 June 1892 – 6 February 1975) was a New Zealand soldier, First World War flying ace and Second World War Royal Air Force commander.
 He was in operational command during two of the most significant air battles in the European theatre in the Second World War, helping to win the Battle of Britain and the Battle of Malta.
 In Germany, he was supposedly known as "the Defender of London".
Second Lieutenant Arthur Rex Hurden Noss {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (22 January 1897 – 15 September 1917) was a British World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories.
 He won a Military Cross as Keith Park's gunner, and was killed in a flying accident shortly thereafter.
United States v. Singer Mfg. Co., 374 U.S. 174 (1963), was a 1963 decision of the Supreme Court, holding that the defendant Singer violated the antitrust laws by conspiring with two European competitors to exclude Japanese sewing machine competition from the US market.
 Singer effectuated the conspiracy by agreeing with the two European competitors to broaden US patent rights and concentrate them under Sanger's control in order to more effectively exclude the Japanese firms.
 A further aspect of the conspiracy was to fraudulently procure a US patent and use it as an exclusionary tool.
 This was the first Supreme Court decision holding that exclusionary use of a fraudulently procured patent could be an element supporting an antitrust claim.
