Mama Flora's Family is a 1997 historical fiction novel by Alex Haley and David Stevens.
 The story spans from the 1920s to the 1970s as it follows Flora, a daughter of poor black Mississippi sharecroppers, and her descendants.
 Haley died before completing the novel, with Stevens finishing the story line.
George Williford Boyce Haley (August 28, 1925 – May 13, 2015) was an American attorney, diplomat and policy expert having served under seven presidential administrations.
 He was one of two younger brothers to the Pulitzer Prize winner Alex Haley.
Alex Haley's Queen (also known as Queen) is a 1993 American television miniseries that aired in three installments on February 14, 16, and 18 on CBS.
 The miniseries is an adaptation of the novel "", by Alex Haley and David Stevens.
 The novel is based on the life of Queen Jackson Haley, Haley's paternal grandmother.
 Alex Haley died in February 1992 before completing the novel.
 It was later finished by David Stevens and published in 1993.
 Stevens also wrote the screenplay for the miniseries.
Kunta Kinte ( 1750 – 1822; ) is a character in the novel "" by American author Alex Haley.
 Haley claimed that Kunta Kinte was based on one of his ancestors: a Gambian man who was born in 1750, enslaved and taken to America and who died in 1822.
 Haley said that his account of Kunta's life in "Roots" was a mixture of fact and fiction.
 The extent to which Kunta Kinte is based on fact is disputed.
Alex Haley House and Museum State Historic Site is one of the Tennessee Historical Commission's state-owned historic sites and is located in Henning, Tennessee, United States.
 It is open to the public and partially funded by an agreement with the Tennessee Historical Commission.
 It was originally known as W. E. Palmer House and was the boyhood home of author Alex Haley.
 He was buried on the grounds.
 The home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 In 2010, the site debuted the state-funded Alex Haley Museum and Interpretive Center which features a museum and interpretive center (designed by architect Louis Pounders) with exhibitions covering Haley's life.
The Autobiography of Malcolm X was published in 1965, the result of a collaboration between human rights activist Malcolm X and journalist Alex Haley.
 Haley coauthored the autobiography based on a series of in-depth interviews he conducted between 1963 and Malcolm X's 1965 assassination.
 The "Autobiography" is a spiritual conversion narrative that outlines Malcolm X's philosophy of black pride, black nationalism, and pan-Africanism.
 After the leader was killed, Haley wrote the book's epilogue.
 He described their collaborative process and the events at the end of Malcolm X's life.
Simon Alexander Haley (March 8, 1892 – August 19, 1973) was a professor of agriculture, and father of writer Alex Haley.
 He was born in Savannah, Tennessee, to farmer Alexander "Alec" Haley and his wife Queen (Davy) Haley (née Jackson).
 Both his parents were born as slaves, and both apparently fathered by white slave owners.
 Simon attended Lane College in Jackson, Tennessee, at age 15.
 After enlisting in the military during World War I, he married Bertha George Palmer, also a student from Lane.
 Simon then finished his master's degree in agriculture at Cornell University.
 Bertha died in 1932, and Simon was remarried two years later to professor Zeona Hatcher.
 Simon Haley held positions at various southern universities including Alabama A&M just north of Huntsville, Alabama.
 He was buried at Little Rock National Cemetery in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Alex Pascall, OBE, is a Grenada-born broadcaster, journalist, musician, composer, oral historian and educator.
 Based in Britain for over 50 years, he was one of the developers of the Notting Hill Carnival, is a political campaigner and was part of the team behind the birth of Britain's first national black newspaper "The Voice".
 Credited with having "established a black presence in the British media", Pascall is most notable as having been one of the first regular Black radio voices in the UK, presenting the programme "Black Londoners" on BBC Radio London for 14 years from 1974.
 Initially planned as a test series of six programmes, "Black Londoners" became, in 1978, the first black daily radio show in British history, with prominent guests from the worlds of politics, sport, literature and the arts, including Muhammad Ali, Alex Haley and the Mighty Sparrow.
Roots: The Next Generations is an American television miniseries, introduced in 1979, continuing, from 1882 to the 1960s, the fictionalized story of the family of Alex Haley and their life in Henning, Lauderdale County, Tennessee, USA.
 (Henning is about 48 miles north of Memphis, which is on the Mississippi River and in the southwest corner of the state, and which was then the largest city in it.)
 This sequel to the 1977 miniseries is based on the last seven chapters of Haley's novel entitled "" plus additional material by Haley.
Roots: The Saga of an American Family is a novel written by Alex Haley and first published in 1976.
 It tells the story of Kunta Kinte, an 18th-century African, captured as an adolescent and sold into slavery in the United States, and later follows his life and the lives of his descendants in the United States down to Haley.
 The release of the novel, combined with its hugely popular television adaptation, "Roots" (1977), led to a cultural sensation in the United States, and it is considered to be one of the most important U.S. works of the 20th century.
 The novel spent months on "The New York Times" Best Seller List, including 22 weeks in the top spot on that list.
 The last seven chapters of the novel were later adapted in the form of a second miniseries, "" (1979).
 It stimulated interest in genealogy and appreciation for African-American history.
