Robert Walter is an editor and an executive with several not-for-profit organizations.
 Most notably, he is the executive director and board president of the Joseph Campbell Foundation (JCF), an organization that he helped found in 1990 with choreographer Jean Erdman, Joseph Campbell's widow.
PEN Oakland is a branch of PEN, an international literary and human rights organization.
 PEN Oakland was founded in 1989 by Ishmael Reed and co-founders Floyd Salas, Claire Ortalda and Reginald Lockett.
 PEN Oakland annually sponsors the PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award, named for the late poet and faculty member of U.C. Berkeley’s English Department.
 The award honors well-known and emerging Bay Area and international authors for excellence in multicultural literature.
 Past and present PEN Oakland board members include: Ishmael Reed, Floyd Salas, Robert Mailer Anderson, Tony R. Rodriguez, Lucha Corpi, John Curl, Elmaz Abinader, Al Young, Jack Foley (poet), Kim Addonizio, Opal Palmer Adisa, Gerald Nicosia, Ntozake Shange and Gary Soto.
 PEN Oakland is based in Oakland, CA.
The Signifying Monkey: A Theory of African-American Literary Criticism is a work of literary criticism and theory by American scholar Henry Louis Gates Jr. first published in 1988.
 The book traces the folkloric origins of the African-American cultural practice of “signifying” and uses the concept of Signifyin(g) to analyze the interplay between texts of prominent African-American writers, specifically Richard Wright, Ralph Ellison, Zora Neale Hurston and Ishmael Reed.
The Last Days of Louisiana Red (1974) is a novel written by Ishmael Reed.
 It is considered a model novel of the Black Arts Movement and contains many elements of postmodernism.
 It continues the story of the character Papa LaBas introduced in Reed's previous novel, 1972's "Mumbo Jumbo".
 The book revolves heavily around voodoo.
Mumbo Jumbo is a 1972 novel by African-American author Ishmael Reed.
 Literary critic Harold Bloom cited the novel as one of the 500 most important books in the Western canon.
 "Mumbo Jumbo" has remained in print for 45 years, since its first edition, and has been published in French, Italian, Spanish, Japanese, and British editions, with a Chinese translation currently in production.
Sacred Ground is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label.
 Recorded in 2006 and released in 2007 the album features performances by Murray, Lafayette Gilchrist, Ray Drummond, and Andrew Cyrille which were composed for the soundtrack for Marco Williams' film "Banished" (2007) on American counties in the South and Midwest that expelled blacks between Reconstruction and the Great Depression.
 The album features Cassandra Wilson on two tracks singing lyrics composed by Ishmael Reed.
Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down, by the African-American writer Ishmael Reed, is a satirical take on the traditional Western.
 It is Ishmael Reed's second novel, following "The Freelance Pallbearers" (1967), and was first published in 1969.
 It tells the story of the Loop Garoo Kid, an African-American cowboy who practices the religion of Neohoodooism, and describes his struggle against established religion and cultural oppression.
The Power of Myth is a book based on the 1988 PBS documentary Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth.
 The documentary was originally broadcast as six one-hour conversations between mythologist Joseph Campbell (1904–1987) and journalist Bill Moyers.
 It remains one of the most popular series in the history of American public television.
The Before Columbus Foundation is a nonprofit organization founded in 1976 by Ishmael Reed, "dedicated to the promotion and dissemination of contemporary American multicultural literature".
 The Foundation makes annual awards for books published in the US during the previous year that make contributions to American multicultural literature.
A Gathering of the Tribes is a multi cultural interdisciplinary arts organization founded by Dr. Steve Cannon at his home at 285 East third street in New York City's East Village.
 The Organization publishes a literary magazine and has now presented its fourteenth issue.
 The collective also hosted a gallery and performance space where numerous exhibitions and concerts took place with notable artists and musicians such as the Sun Ra Arkestra, Chavisa Woods, Katherine Arnoldi, John Farris, Susan Scutti, Bob Holman, Ishmael Reed, Billy Bang and David Hammons.
