Nuestra Belleza Nayarit 2016 was the 23rd edition of Nuestra Belleza Nayarit.
 A total of 12 delegates were chosen from around the state to compete for the state title.
 The finale was on July 15, 2016 in the municipality of Compostela.
 The winner was Estefania Carrillo from Compostela.
 She had the privilege to represent Nayarit at the national pageant Nuestra Belleza México 2017.
 One month before the national pageant, Estefanía decided to resign from the state title because of personal reasons.
 Joselyn Preciado, the first runner-up from Rosamorada took the title and represented Nayarit in the national pageant were she won the award of Nuestra Belleza Digital or fan favorite and was part of the top 15.
Nuestra Belleza Nuevo León 2013, was held at Las Lomas Eventos in Monterrey, Nuevo León on July 16, 2013.
 At the conclusion of the final night of competition Vanesa Montemayr from Guadalupe was crowned the winner.
 Montemayor was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Nuevo León and Nuestra Belleza México titleholderCynthia Duque.
 Eight contestants competed for the title.
The 8th Nuestra Belleza México pageant, was held at the Aeropuerto Internacional "Lic.
 Adolfo López Mateos" of Toluca, Estado de México, Mexico on September 28, 2001.
 Forty-seven contestants of the Mexican Republic competed for the national title, which was won by Ericka Cruz from Yucatán, who later competed in Miss Universe 2002 in Puerto Rico.
 Cruz was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza México titleholder Jacqueline Bracamontes.
 She is the first and only Yucateca and the third winner of foreign descent (she is Afro-Mexican) to win this Title.
Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes 2012 was held at the Antiguo Taller de Locomotoras, Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes on July 19, 2012.
 At the conclusion of the final night of competition Jessica Amor of Aguascalientes City was crowned the winner.
 Amor was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes and Nuestra Belleza México titleholder Karina González.
 Eight contestants competed for the title.
Señorita México was the name of a national beauty pageant in Mexico, celebrated since 1952.
 After 2005, the pageant changed its name to "Miss Mexico".
 From 1952 to 1994, was the official pageant responsible for sending the country's representatives to the Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss International and other international pageants.
 After the crowning of Lupita Jones, as the country's first Miss Universe, a dispute between Miss Jones and the pageant organizers over overdued prizes, led to a break of the longtime association between the pageant and the broadcast network Televisa.
 When the pageant moved to another network TV Azteca, a competing pageant called "Nuestra Belleza México" was created, later directed by Miss Jones with the sponsorship of the Televisa TV Network.
 in 1994 Señorita México lost the bid to Nuestra Belleza México to be the official pageant for the Miss Universe pageant.
 Later Nuestra Belleza México also obtained the rights of sending Mexico's representatives to Miss World and Miss International.
 However, the "Miss Mexico" pageant still sends representatives to other international pageants.
 The trade name Señorita Mexico was trademarked in the United States, by Venezuelan Entrepreneur Adan S. Perez CEO of The Miss Mexico Organization with headquarters in Las Vegas Nevada who produces The Señorita Mexico U.S. beauty pageant.
 He developed a franchise system in every state of The Union to bring girls from all over the United States to compete in national beauty event which takes place every year in Las Vegas.
 Adan Perez has been producing the national competition Señorita Mexico U.S in Las Vegas, since the year of 2003.
Nuestra Belleza Nuevo León 2011, was held at Las Lomas Eventos in Monterrey, Nuevo León on July 12, 2011.
 At the conclusion of the final night of competition Ivette García of Monterrey was crowned the winner.
 García was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Nuevo León titleholder and Nuestra Belleza Mundo México 2010 Cynthia de la Vega.
 Nine contestants competed for the title.
The 5th Nuestra Belleza México pageant was held for the second consecutive time at the Salon Teotihuacan of the Centro Internacional de Convenciones Acapulco of Acapulco, Guerrero, Mexico on September 19, 1998.
 Thirty-two contestants of the Mexican Republic competed for the national title, it was the first back to back victories in Nuestra Belleza Mexico history: Silvia Salgado from Nuevo León was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza México titleholder Katty Fuentes also from Nuevo León.
 Salgado competed at Miss Universe 1999 in Trinidad and Tobago where she was a Semi-finalist in the Top 10.
 She was the second Neoleonesa to win this title.
The 16th annual Nuestra Belleza México pageant was held at the Centro de Convenciones Yucatán Siglo XXI of Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico on September 20, 2009.
 It was the second time there were back-to-back victories for a state in Nuestra Belleza México history: Ximena Navarrete from Jalisco was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza México titleholder Karla Carrillo also from Jalisco.
 She was the third Jalisciense to win this title.
 Thirty-four contestants of the Mexican Republic competed for the national title.
 Navarrete competed in Miss Universe 2010 in the US and won the Universal Title.
Nuestra Belleza México 2016, the 22nd annual Nuestra Belleza México pageant held at Foro 2 of Televisa San Angel in Mexico City on January 31, 2016.
 Twenty-nine contestants of the Mexico competed for the national title, which was won by Kristal Silva from Tamaulipas who competed at Miss Universe 2016.
 Silva was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza México titleholder Wendolly Esparza.
 She is the third Tamaulipeca to win this title.
Nuestra Belleza Nayarit 2015 was the 22nd edition of Nuestra Belleza Nayarit.
 This year there were 10 delatares from around the state of Nayarit competing for the state title.
 Geraldine Ponce from Xalisco won the title.
 By winning this pageant she had the opportunity to represent the state of Nayarit at the national pageant, Nuestra Belleza México.
 She obtained the title of 2nd runner-up nationally.
 Later in the year the director of Nuestra Belleza México, Lupita Jones, designated her to represent Mexico in Miss International 2016 in Tokyo, Japan.
 Even thought she was one of the favorites to win the international title, she only placed in the top 15.
