The Tropicana – Las Vegas Boulevard intersection on the Las Vegas Strip (Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard), is noteworthy for several reasons.
 It was the first intersection in Las Vegas completely closed to street level pedestrian traffic and its four corners are home to four major resorts: Excalibur Hotel and Casino, Tropicana Las Vegas, New York-New York Hotel and Casino and MGM Grand Las Vegas—the latter has 5,044 rooms and was once the largest hotel in the world.
 The resorts at the four corners have a total of 12,536 hotel rooms as of 2016.
The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino is a five-diamond luxury hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States, on the site of the old Sands Hotel.
 Designed by KlingStubbins, the hotel tower contains 36 stories and rises 475 ft .
 The Venetian is owned and operated by Las Vegas Sands.
 The Venetian also serves as the seat of the corporate headquarters for its parent company.
The Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino is a hotel and casino in Winchester, Nevada.
 It is owned by Westgate Resorts and operated by Navegante Group.
 It has 2,956 hotel rooms including 305 suites.
 It opened in 1969 as the International Hotel, and was known for many years as the Las Vegas Hilton, then briefly as the LVH – Las Vegas Hotel and Casino.
 It was renamed the Westgate Las Vegas on July 1, 2014.
El Rancho Vegas was a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
 It was located at 2500 Las Vegas Boulevard, at the southwest corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sahara Avenue, and opened on April 3, 1941.
 Until 1942, it was the largest hotel in Las Vegas with 110 rooms.
 On June 17, 1960, the hotel was destroyed by fire.
 In 1982, the El Rancho Hotel and Casino formerly known as the Thunderbird and later as the Silverbird opened across the street from the former site of the El Rancho Vegas, creating some confusion.
The Palazzo is a luxury hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 It is the tallest completed building in Nevada.
 Designed by the Dallas based HKS, Inc., the hotel offers luxury in an Italian Renaissance ambiance.
 The hotel and casino are part of a larger complex (operated as one hotel) comprising the adjoining Venetian Resort and Casino and the Sands Convention Center, all of which are owned and operated by the Las Vegas Sands Corporation.
The Trump International Hotel Las Vegas is a 64-story luxury hotel, condominium, and timeshare located on Fashion Show Drive near Las Vegas Boulevard, just off the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, named for real estate developer and the 45th and current President of the United States Donald Trump.
 It is located across the street from Wynn Las Vegas, behind Alon Las Vegas on 3.46 acre , near the Fashion Show Mall, and features both non-residential hotel condominiums and residential condominiums.
 The exterior glass is infused with gold.
 The hotel is a member of The Leading Hotels of the World.
The Venetian Macao () is a luxury hotel and casino resort in Macau owned by the American Las Vegas Sands company.
 The Venetian is a 39-story, casino hotel on the Cotai Strip in Macau.
 The 10500000 sqft Venetian Macao is modeled on its sister casino resort The Venetian Las Vegas, and is the seventh-largest building in the world by floor area.
 The Venetian Macao is also the largest casino in the world, and the largest single structure hotel building in Asia.
The Alon Las Vegas was an upcoming luxury hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 It was located on the site of the former New Frontier Hotel and Casino, near the Wynn Las Vegas and the Fashion Show Mall.
Encore Las Vegas (also called Encore at Wynn Las Vegas; often just called Encore) is a luxury resort, casino and hotel located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
 The resort is connected to its sister resort, Wynn Las Vegas; both are owned by Wynn Resorts, headed by casino developer Steve Wynn.
Caesars Palace is a AAA Four Diamond luxury hotel and casino in Paradise, Nevada, United States.
 The hotel is situated on the west side of the Las Vegas Strip between Bellagio and The Mirage.
 It is one of the most prestigious casino hotels in the world and one of Las Vegas's largest and best known landmarks.
