Russon is widely published in the fields of primate behavior and ecology, is executive director of the Borneo Orangutan Society of Canada, and is the author of several popular press books dealing with Great Apes including "Orangutans: Wizards of the Rainforest", "Reaching into Thought: The Minds of the Great Apes", and "The Evolution of Thought: Evolution of Great Ape Intelligence".
Great ape personhood is a movement to extend personhood and some legal protections to the non-human members of the Hominidae or great ape family: chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas, and orangutans.
A great ape research ban, or severe restrictions on the use of great apes in research, is currently in place in the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Germany
The bonobo ( or ; "Pan paniscus"), formerly called the pygmy chimpanzee and less often, the dwarf or gracile chimpanzee, is an endangered great ape and one of the two species making up the genus "Pan"; the other is "Pan troglodytes", or the common chimpanzee.
 Although the name "chimpanzee" is sometimes used to refer to both species together, it is usually understood as referring to the common chimpanzee, whereas "Pan paniscus" is usually referred to as the bonobo.
Oliver (c. 1958 – 2 June 2012) was a former "performing" ape once promoted as a missing link or "Humanzee" due to his (somewhat) unusually human-like appendages and a tendency to walk upright.
 Despite his somewhat unusual appearance and behavior, scientists determined that Oliver was not a human-chimpanzee hybrid.
The Great Ape Project (GAP), founded in 1993, is an international organization of primatologists, anthropologists, ethicists, and others who advocate a United Nations Declaration of the Rights of Great Apes that would confer basic legal rights on non-human great apes: chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas, and orangutans.
The bonobo is an endangered great ape.
The humanzee ("Homo sapiens sapiens" × "Pan") (also known as the Chuman or Manpanzee) is a hypothetical chimpanzee/human hybrid.
 An unsuccessful attempt to breed such a hybrid was made by Ilya Ivanovich Ivanov in the 1920s.
 There have been occasional reports of human-chimpanzee hybridization, notably regarding a performing chimp named Oliver during the 1970s, but none of them have been confirmed.
Kanzi (born October 28, 1980), also known by the lexigram (from the character 太), is a male bonobo who has been featured in several studies on great ape language.
 According to Sue Savage-Rumbaugh, a primatologist who has studied the bonobo throughout her life, Kanzi has exhibited advanced linguistic aptitude.
The orangutan is a great ape.
