Northwestern International University was one of the first colleges to offer self-directed online programs, which were based on review of prior-earned college credits, professional life-experiences, practical knowledge, research, portfolio work, and the passage of comprehensive examinations *Cite (Northwestern International University Registration Catalog).
 N.I.U. was a member of the Long Distance Learning Council *Cite (Long Distance Learning Council Catalog).
 Their admissions process consisted of the initial registration process, student selection, and the review of student work and experience.
 Students had to show proof of passing content specific exams before being considered for school admission.
 They were also required to pass comprehensive exams at the completion of their respective program.
 Furthermore, students were expected to complete a Practicum Learning Portfolio Log.
 The time-requirement for portfolio hours varied by subject matter.
 Lastly, students had to successfully complete and present research, before N.I.U. would issue their degree *Cite(Northwestern International University Registration Catalog).
"The Infestation Hypothesis" is the second episode of the fifth season of "The Big Bang Theory" that first aired on CBS on September 22, 2011.
 It is the 89th episode overall.
 In it, Sheldon (Jim Parsons) becomes worried when Penny acquires a new chair, while Leonard (Johnny Galecki) tries to make his long distance relationship with Priya work.
 The episode was watched by nearly 12 million viewers in the U.S. and received mixed reviews.
The Heart Machine is a 2014 romantic thriller film written and directed by Zachary Wigon based on his short film "Someone Else's Heart".
 The film centers on Cody's John Gallagher, Jr. and Virginia's Kate Lyn Sheil long distance relationship that becomes strained when evidence appears to contradict Virginia's background.
 The film was released in a limited release on October 24, 2014, by Filmbuff.
Permanent Roommates is an Indian web series created by The Viral Fever(TVF) and Biswapati Sarkar.
 This series revolves around a young couple,Tanya and Mikesh, who after being in a long distance relationship for 3 years, face the prospect of marriage.
 Permanent Roommates has been renewed for a third season, which will premiere in 2018.
The tenth series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme, began airing on 19 October 2015 on E4.
 The official trailer for the new series was released on 29 September 2015 confirming the start date.
 It concluded on 4 January 2016 following nine regular episodes, a Christmas special, a New Year special, and an End of Season party hosted by Rick Edwards.
 This series was the first to include new cast members Emma Walsh, Sam Harney, Tallulah Rufus Isaacs.
 Richard Dinan also returned to the series having last appeared during the fifth series, and Francis Boulle made a one-off return during the Christmas special.
 This was also the final series to include original cast member Spencer Matthews, long-running cast member Oliver Proudlock, as well as Millie Wilkinson and Emily Weller, who both made their debuts during the ninth series.
 The series focused heavily on Sam and Tiff's rocky relationship coming to an end when Tiff admits to cheating on him during the summer and rumours of Sam cheating surface, until the pair eventually reunite.
 It also includes Louise and Alik attempting to make their long distance relationship work with obstacles in their way, Binky and JP finally making their relationship official despite commitment issues from his part, and Spencer causing further trouble by hooking up with Ollie's latest love interest Emma.
Though Guam is a United States territory, some U.S. long distance plans and courier services list Guam as an international location.
 As a result of Guam's being added to the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) in 1997, calls made to the U.S., Canada, or other participating countries from Guam (or to Guam from other NANP locations) only require the caller to dial a 1 followed by the area code.
 In this way, only domestic charges are incurred between the US and Guam on most carriers.
 Before Guam's inclusion, calling the U.S. required dialing the international 011 first, thus resulting in higher long distance rates and less frequent calls to the U.S. by relatives in Guam.
 Prices of long distance calls to these destinations have dropped significantly to the point where now calling the U.S. from Guam or calling Guam from the U.S. costs the same.
The endurance running hypothesis is the hypothesis that the evolution of certain human characteristics can be explained as adaptations to long distance running.
 The hypothesis suggests that endurance running played an important role for early hominins in obtaining food.
 Researchers have proposed that endurance running began as an adaptation for scavenging and later for persistence hunting.
Rachel Sarah Specter (born April 9, 1980) is an American actress and writer, who is best known as the model for the RGX body spray commercials.
 In addition to her work in commercials, Specter has guest-starred in episodes of "How I Met Your Mother", "Gilmore Girls", "What I Like About You", and "Entourage", as well as co-hosted the April 4, 2007 episode of "Attack of the Show!
" and a segment of "The Feed" on May 23.
 In September 2008, Specter began co-starring in the web series "Long Distance Relationship" on Crackle.
Meredith Brooke Kessler (born June 28, 1978) is an American professional triathlete from Columbus, Ohio who races in long distance, non-drafting triathlon events.
 She took third place at the 2011 ITU Long Distance Triathlon World Championships and has won numerous Ironman and half-Ironman distance races as both an amateur and a professional.
 She was named USA Triathlon's 2014 Non-Drafting Athlete of the Year.
Alexi Pappas or Alexia Pappa (Greek Αλεξία Παππά ; born 28 March 1990) is a Greek-American long distance athlete, filmmaker, actor, and writer.
 As a long distance runner, Alexi has been most successful in the 10km, but has also been a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) All-American at indoor 3,000 metres, 5,000 metres, and the steeplechase as well as the Ivy League champion in the steeplechase.
 In the 2016 Summer Olympics Women's 10km, Pappas represented Greece and set a national Greek record.
 As a filmmaker, Alexi co-wrote and starred in Tracktown.
