Antonio Possevino (Antonius Possevinus) (10 July 1533 – 26 February 1611) was a Jesuit protagonist of Counter Reformation as a papal diplomat and a Jesuit controversialist, encyclopedist and bibliographer.
 He acted as papal legate and the first Jesuit to visit Moscow, vicar general of Sweden, Denmark and northern islands, Muscovy, Livonia, Rus, Hungary, Pomerania, Saxony between 1578 and 1586.
Gustavo Rodolfo Mendoza Hernández (born 19 October 1934 in Guatemala City ) is a Guatemalan clergyman and emeritus Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop in Guatemala .
 Pope John Paul II appointed him on July 9, 2004 as auxiliary bishop of the archbishopric of Guatemala and titular bishop of Selemselae.
 On 11 November 2016, resigned to Pope Francis citing his age.
Antonio Ruiz de Montoya University ("Universidad Antonio Ruiz de Montoya" – UARM) is a private, non-profit university located in the city of Lima, Peru, in the district of Pueblo Libre.
 It was founded by the Society of Jesus on 4 July 2003.
 It was the first Jesuit university in Peru and is named after the renowned Peruvian Jesuit Antonio Ruiz de Montoya.
Cypriano de Soarez, S.J. (1524–1593) was a sixteenth-century Spanish Jesuit who wrote "De Arte Rhetorica", the first Jesuit rhetoric textbook.
 Concerned that young students in Jesuit colleges were not ready for major rhetorical texts such as Aristotle's Rhetoric, Cicero's De Oratore, and Quintilian's Institutio Oratoria, Soarez wrote "De Arte Rhetorica" as digest of their work as an introduction for students still learning Latin.
Johann (John) Georg Hagen (March 6, 1847 in Bregenz, Austria – September 5, 1930 in Rome, Italy), was an Austrian Jesuit priest and astronomer.
 Naturalized American citizen he was called to Rome by Pope Pius X in 1906 to be the first Jesuit director of the new Vatican Observatory.
 Father Hagen was also the spiritual director of Maria Elizabeth Hesselblad (1870-1957), who was baptized by him on August 15 1902 and eventually was canonized on June 5 2016 by pope Francis.
The Casa de los Jesuitas is a large building located in Cartagena de Indias, in Colombia.
 The first Jesuit House in Cartagena, home of the College of the Company in 1604, was located in the old Plaza del Muelle, now it is located on Calle de la Ronda street, and serves as headquarters for the Naval Museum.
 When the section of the Walls that closed the city to the southwest was built, a part of it occupied the ground of the Jesuit College, reason why the governor don Francisco de Murga authorized to the Company of Jesus to raise their house on the Wall, not without it triggering a heated debate.
 Years later, the governor don Melchor Aguilera obtained a royal cedula that ordered the demolition of the House of the Company of Jesus, to which opposed the disciples of Loyola, being instituted a long litigation, whose solution entrusted the King to the governor of Cartagena de Indias , Don Luis Fernández de Córdoba.
Selamselae also known as Selemselitanus and Selamselae is a suppressed titular see of the Roman Catholic Church, It is under the jurisdiction of Archdiocese of Carthage and was active through the Vandal and Roman Empires.
 A Bishop Felix, is known from late antiquity, and the current bishop is Gustavo Rodolfo Mendoza Hernández of Guatemala.
 The original seat of the ancient diocese was an oppidum (native town) in the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis, called Selem, though nothing is known of the town not even its location.
Saint Peter Faber {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'SJ', '4': "} (French: "Pierre Lefevre or Favre" , Spanish: "Pedro Fabro" , Latin: "Petrus Faver" ) (13 April 1506 – 1 August 1546) was the first Jesuit priest and theologian, who was also a co-founder of the Society of Jesus.
 Pope Francis announced his canonization on 17 December 2013.
Le Moyne College, named after Jesuit missionary Simon Le Moyne, is a private Jesuit college in Syracuse, New York, enrolling over 3,500 undergraduate and graduate students.
 Founded by the Society of Jesus in 1946, Le Moyne is the first Jesuit college to be founded as a co-educational institution.
 The College is the second-youngest of the twenty-eight Jesuit colleges and universities in the United States, and is the only comprehensive Catholic college in Central New York.
Pope Francis (Latin: "Franciscus" ; Italian: "Francesco" ; Spanish: "Francisco" ; born Jorge Mario Bergoglio; 17 December 1936) is the 266th and current Pope of the Catholic Church, a title he holds "ex officio" as Bishop of Rome, and sovereign of Vatican City.
 He chose Francis as his papal name in honor of Saint Francis of Assisi.
 Francis is the first Jesuit pope, the first from the Americas, the first from the Southern Hemisphere, the first to choose a name not used by a predecessor since Lando in 913 AD, and the first pope from outside Europe since the Syrian Gregory III, who reigned in the 8th century.
