Metrico is an indie puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Dutch developer Digital Dreams for the PlayStation Vita, with music by Dutch electronic music producer Palmbomen.
 It was released in North America on 5 August 2014, and in Europe on 6 August 2014.
 "Metrico" was initially available for free for members of PlayStation Plus.
Pitman, also known as Catrap in the US, is a puzzle-platform video game released by Asmik for the Nintendo Game Boy in 1990, originally developed for the Sharp MZ-700 computer in 1985.
 The Game Boy version of Pitman was rereleased on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console in October 2011.
 The word 'Catrap' refers to the frequent amount of times the player is trapped and needs to reverse their movements and the two anthropomorphic cats the player must manoeuvre to advance through the levels.
 The game is credited with having originated the time-rewind mechanic, which later appeared in titles like "", "", "Braid" and Pullblox.
Fez (stylized as FEZ) is an indie puzzle-platform video game developed by Polytron Corporation and published by Trapdoor.
 The player-character Gomez receives a fez that reveals his two-dimensional (2D) world to be one of four sides of a three-dimensional (3D) world.
 The player rotates between these four 2D views to realign platforms and solve the game's puzzles.
 The object of the game is to collect cubes and cube fragments to restore order to the universe.
Antichamber is a single-player first-person puzzle-platform video game created by Alexander Bruce.
 Many of the puzzles are based on phenomena that occur within impossible objects created by the game engine, such as passages that lead the player to different locations depending on which way they face, and structures that seem otherwise impossible within normal three-dimensional space.
 The game includes elements of psychological exploration through brief messages of advice to help the player figure out solutions to the puzzles as well as adages for real life.
 The game was released on Steam for Microsoft Windows on January 31, 2013, a version sold with the Humble Indie Bundle 11 in February 2014 added support for Linux and Mac OS X.
Somerville is an upcoming video game and the debut title by the indie studio Jumpship.
 The studio's founder previously founded Playdead and worked on "Limbo" and "Inside".
Teslagrad is a 2D side-scrolling puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Rain Games.
 The game was released on Steam on 13 December 2013, on Nintendo eShop for the Wii U on 11 September 2014, and on PlayStation Store for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 on 3 December 2014 in Europe.
 The North American PSN Store release date for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 was scheduled on 27 January 2015, but it has been postponed on the day of the release.
 The retail version, published by Soedesco, was released in France, Germany, Italy, and Spain on 3 December 2014, and in UK on 30 January 2015.
 The PlayStation Vita version was announced on 27 February 2014, but since then no exact date was given.
 The game was also released digitally in Japan on 18 February 2015, with an update to the Steam version that added Japanese language.
 An Xbox One version was announced at the end of February 2016 with the release date of 9 March 2016.
 "Teslagrad" uses Unity game engine, making it easier for developers to reach cross platform.
Portal 2 is a 2011 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation.
 It is the sequel to "Portal" (2007) and was released on April 19, 2011, for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
 The retail versions of the game are distributed by Electronic Arts while online distribution of the Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and Linux versions is handled by Valve's content delivery service Steam.
 "Portal 2" was announced on March 5, 2010, following a week-long alternate reality game based on new patches to the original game.
 Before the game's release on Steam, the company released the Potato Sack, a second multi-week alternate reality game, involving 13 independently developed titles which culminated in a distributed computing spoof to release "Portal 2" several hours early.
The Lost Vikings is a puzzle-platform video game developed by Silicon & Synapse (now Blizzard Entertainment) and published by Interplay.
 It was originally released for the Super NES in 1992, then subsequently released for the Amiga, Amiga CD32, MS-DOS, and Mega Drive/Genesis systems the next year; the Mega Drive/Genesis version contains five stages not present in any other version of the game.
 Blizzard re-released the game for the Game Boy Advance in 2003.
 In 2014, the game was added to Battle.net as a free download emulated through DOSBox.
Limbo is a puzzle-platform video game developed by independent studio Playdead.
 The game was released in July 2010 on Xbox Live Arcade, and has since been ported to several other systems, including the PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows.
 "Limbo" is a 2D side-scroller, incorporating a physics system that governs environmental objects and the player character.
 The player guides an unnamed boy through dangerous environments and traps as he searches for his sister.
 The developer built the game's puzzles expecting the player to fail before finding the correct solution.
 Playdead called the style of play "trial and death", and used gruesome imagery for the boy's deaths to steer the player from unworkable solutions.
Black the Fall is an indie puzzle-platform video game developed by Sand Sailor Studio and published by Square Enix for Linux, Microsoft Windows, OS X, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
