Yala National Park is the most visited and second largest national park in Sri Lanka.
 The park consists of five blocks, two of which are now open to the public, and also adjoining parks.
 The blocks have individual names such as, Ruhuna National Park (block 1) and Kumana National Park or 'Yala East' for the adjoining area.
 It is situated in the southeast region of the country, and lies in Southern Province and Uva Province.
 The park covers 979 km2 and is located about 300 km from Colombo.
 Yala was designated as a wildlife sanctuary in 1900, and, along with Wilpattu was one of the first two national parks in Sri Lanka, having been designated in 1938.
 The park is best known for its variety of wild animals.
 It is important for the conservation of Sri Lankan elephants, Sri Lankan leopards and aquatic birds.
Yuraygir is a national park in New South Wales, Australia, located 482 km northeast of Sydney.
 It was created in 1980, a result of the merger and enlargement of two national parks, Angourie and Red Rock National Parks, both of which had been established in 1975.
 The name is a phonetic translation of the local indigenous tribe who had lived in the area, and had formerly been transcribed variously as Jeigir, Jiegera, Jungai, Yagir, Yegera, Yegir, Yiegera or Youngai.
 At the time of its establishment in 1980, the park was fragmented, and parcels of land were bought over the following two decades to unite segments into a more contiguous protected area.
 Sometimes these acquisitions required protracted negotiations (and legal disputes) with land owners.
The Australian Alps National Parks and Reserves is a group of eleven protected areas consisting of national parks, nature reserves and one wilderness park located in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales and Victoria and which was listed as a "place" on the Australian National Heritage List on 7 November 2008 under the "Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999".
 The listing which covers an area of 1653180 ha , contains the vast majority of alpine and sub-alpine environments in Australia.
 The listing includes the following protected areas - Alpine, Baw Baw, Brindabella, Kosciuszko, Mount Buffalo, Namadgi and Snowy River national parks; the Avon Wilderness Park, and the Bimberi, Scabby Range and Tidbinbilla nature reserves.
The Australian Alps Walking Track is a long distance walking trail through the alpine areas of Victoria, New South Wales and ACT.
 It is 655 km long, starting at Walhalla, Victoria and running through to Tharwa, ACT near Canberra.
 The track weaves mainly through Australian national parks, such as Alpine National Park and Kosciuszko National Park, though it is not exclusively restricted to national parks.
 It ascends many peaks including Mount Kosciuszko, Mount Bogong, and Bimberi Peak, the highest points in N.S.W., Victoria, and the A.C.T. respectively.
 The AAWT crosses exposed high plains including the Victorian Bogong High Plains and the Main Range in NSW.
 To walk the whole trail can take between 5 and 8 weeks.
 Food drops or a support crew are necessary, as the trail passes through no towns, although it passes close to the ski resorts of Mt Hotham, Falls Creek, Mt Baw Baw, Thredbo, Charlotte Pass and Perisher.
This is a list of United States National Parks by elevation.
 Most of America's national parks are located in mountainous areas.
 Even among those located close to the ocean, not all are flat.
 Those few that are low-lying preserve important natural habitats that could never exist at high altitude.
 Several national parks protect deep canyons with great vertical relief.
 There are also three national parks whose primary features are caves, the depths of which are still being explored.
South Dade Senior High School is a secondary school located in unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida, near Homestead.
National parks of Scotland are managed areas of outstanding landscape where habitation and commercial activities are restricted.
 At present, Scotland has two national parks: Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park, created in 2002, and the Cairngorms National Park, created in 2003.
 These were designated as such under the National Parks (Scotland) Act 2000 which was an early piece of legislation passed by the Scottish Parliament not long after its creation in 1999.
 Scottish-born John Muir spearheaded the effort to create Yosemite National Park in the US, as well as the conservation movement at large.
Miami Northwestern Senior High School is a public 4-year high school located in Miami, Florida, United States, serving students in grades 9-12 from the Liberty City neighborhood of Miami.
 The school colors are old gold and royal blue.
 The average annual enrollment is approximately 1,800 students.
 Miami Northwestern was founded in 1955 to serve the increasing population of northern Miami.
 Shortly after the school's inception, the Bull was chosen as the official school mascot from the former Dorsey High School.
 Miami Northwestern originally served as an all-black high school.
 Beginning in 1966, Dade County high schools stopped being segregated, and most students from Booker T. Washington transferred to Northwestern (and Miami Jackson Senior High School) in 1967–1968.
The High Sierra Camps are nine rustic lodging facilities located in two national parks and a national monument in California's Sierra Nevada mountain range.
 Open most years from June or July to September, they are staffed camps with tent cabins and food service facilities.
 The backcountry camps receive their supplies by pack mules.
Phawngpui National Park or Phawngpui Blue Mountain National Park is one of the two national parks of India in Mizoram, the other and the larger being Murlen National Park.
 It is about 300 km from the main city Aizawl, located in the Lawngtlai district, towards the southeast of Mizoram and relatively close to Burma.
 It bears the name of the mountain Phawngpui, often called the Blue Mountain of Mizoram, which is the highest mountain peak in the state, reaching 2,157 m asl.
 The national park covers the entire mountain along with the surrounding reserve forest.
