The CMS College (CMS College Kottayam) is one of the first Western-style college in India.
 CMS College Kottayam is also the first Western-style arts college in India.
 It was founded by the Church Missionary Society of England, in 1817 when no institution existed in what was then the princely state of Travancore to teach English.
 The first college in the princely state of Travancore, however, was Scott Christian College Nagercoil.
 Wikipedia says: The college has its origins in a village-church school founded in 1809 at Mylaudy by the Revd William Tobias Ringeltaube, the pioneering missionary of the London Missionary Society in South Travancore.
 This Central School or Seminary was shifted to Nagercoil in 1818 by the Revd Charles Mead.
 The Revd Dr James Duthie took charge of the Seminary in 1860, and played a vital role in raising it to a College.
 The College was patronised by the Resident Monroe.
 Apart from English, Greek and Latin were also taught.
 Scott Christian College produced some of the outstanding Dewans of Travancore.
 University College, Trivandrum had its first Principal from Scott Christian College.
 Wikipedia says in University College page: "The Maharaja had occasion to visit a school that was imparting instruction in English at Nagarcoil under the auspices of the London Missionary Society (LMS).
 He was impressed by the school and the quality of the education given there and was convinced that the new type of school held out great prospects for the people of the state.
 Shortly thereafter he invited Mr. Roberts who was in-charge of the school at Nagarcoil to come to Thiruvananthapuram and start a similar school there.
 The educationist, who was an Englishman, agreed and a new school was started in 1834."
Joseph Laurent (1839-1917) was chief of the Abenaki village of Odanak in Quebec, Canada, from 1880 to 1892.
 He was a teacher and leader in his Algonquian community, and the Odanak Nation throughout his life.
 Laurent, also known as Sozap Lolô, is best known for the publication of his book "New Familiar Abenakis and English Dialogues."
 The book is a dictionary that translates Abenaki to English, and was the first of its kind.
 The Algonquian-speaking nation was verbal, and in need of being preserved in writing.
 The structure of the dictionary is what widely sets it apart from others.
 His translations are set up as a journey through their land as opposed to a standard list.
 He takes the reader on a trip from Quebec and throughout New England through linguistics and language education.
 Despite Laurent's upbringing of speaking fluent Abenaki and French, he not only created a dictionary to teach English to Abenaki people, he more importantly created the substantial text in an effort to preserve the Abenaki language and culture.
 The Abenaki language was oral, and little to no written documents had been recorded.
 "New Familiar Abenakis and English Dialogues" was vital in taking the number of a hundred-plus speakers to the rest of the Abenaki population as they continued to be a part of an English-speaking world, and it is still widely used today.
 Among others, the Abenaki linguist Jesse Bruchac has used the work of Laurent in his own work on language revitalization.
Abdul Sattar Jawad عبدالستار جواد(born April 10, 1943) is an Iraqi born Professor of Comparative Literature and Middle Eastern Studies at Duke University.
 He was a Barksdale Fellow at the [University of Mississippi,Honors College.
 Prior to this he was a Visiting Professor at the Department of English and American Language and Literature, Harvard University and he was with the John Hope Franklin Center for Interdisciplinary and International Studies at Duke University.
 He received a Ph.D in English Literature and Journalism, from London's City University,(UK).
 Apart from teaching Arabic and English Literature, he is an expert on the works of T. S. Eliot and those of William Shakespeare.
 He had translated Eliot's "Waste Land" into Arabic and republished it in his book: T.S Eliot in Baghdad, A Study in Eliot's Influence on the Free Verse Movement in Iraq and the Arab World, 2014.
 He is also an expert on Iraqi media and academia.
 Jawad has written 15 books on literature and media, and has edited some literary magazines and newspapers in English and Arabic.
 Before coming to Duke, he was dean of College of Arts, University of Baghdad and edited the Baghdad Mirror.
Kottayam district is a centre of education in Kerala state.
 The Orthodox Theological Seminary (Orthodox Pazhaya Seminary) at Chungam was the first institution to teach English in South India.
 It was founded in 1815 by Colonel John Monroe.
 The C.M.S High School (which later became the Church Missionary Society College High School) was founded by the British missionary, Benjamin Bailey.
 The first college in Kerala state and the second established under British rule in India was the C.M.S. College (Grammar School) (1840).
Brian Matthews (born 1936) is an Australian biographer and short story writer who was born in St Kilda, Victoria, and educated at Melbourne University.
 In 1967 he moved to Adelaide to teach English and Australian literature at Flinders University.
Michael Paul Brosowski is an Australian teacher and activist.
 Brosowski came to Vietnam in 2002 to teach English at the University of Economics.
 He became involved with helping street children and by early 2003, he had quit his university job to concentrate full-time on the needs of the street children.
 In March 2004 the Blue Dragon Children's Foundation was registered in Australia.
 In September 2004, it was registered as an Independent Non-Government Organisation in Vietnam.
 In 2011 Brosowski was named one of that year's CNN Heroes, and in 2012 was made a member of the Order of Australia in recognition of his work defending the rights of Vietnamese children.
Paul McDonald (born 1961 in Walsall) is a British academic, comic novelist, and poet.
 He teaches English and American Literature at the University of Wolverhampton, where he also runs the Creative and Professional Writing Programme.
 He left school at 16 and began work as a saddlemaker, an occupation that provides the backdrop for his first novel, "Surviving Sting" (2001).
 After a period studying with the Open University, McDonald entered full-time education at Birmingham Polytechnic where he began writing fiction, initially producing stories for the women's romance market under a female pseudonym.
 He later won a scholarship to research a PhD, and in 1994 took an academic post teaching American literature at the University of Wolverhampton.
 His second novel, "Kiss Me Softly, Amy Turtle" (2004) is a comic mystery satirising the Midlands town of Walsall, while his third, "Do I Love You?"
 (2008), takes Northern Soul as its theme.
 His poetry began appearing in the early 1990s and embraces a range of themes and styles.
 Again humour is a feature, as is surrealism, but he also writes serious love poetry, and verse about art and travel.
 His most recent collections are "Catch a Falling Tortoise" (2007) and "An Artist Goes Bananas" (2012).
 McDonald's poetry has won several prizes, including the 2012 John Clare Prize.
 His academic writing includes books on Philip Roth, Joseph Heller, the fiction of The Black Country, and humour.
 As a humour specialist he has made several TV appearances, including BBC Breakfast and The One Show, and he is credited with identifying the oldest joke in the world.
 He discusses the latter, and some of the ideas contained in his book "The Philosophy of Humour" with Michael Grade in the BBC documentary, "Michael Grade & The World's Oldest Joke".
John Clare (13 July 1793 – 20 May 1864) was an English poet, the son of a farm labourer, who became known for his celebrations of the English countryside and sorrows at its disruption.
 His poetry underwent major re-evaluation in the late 20th century: he is now often seen as one of the major 19th-century poets.
 His biographer Jonathan Bate states that Clare was "the greatest labouring-class poet that England has ever produced.
 No one has ever written more powerfully of nature, of a rural childhood, and of the alienated and unstable self."
Radha Krishna Sinha (Hindi: राधा कृष्ण सिन्हा ; 1 January 1917 – 27 August 2003) was an Indian scholar of English literature.
 He came from a family of elite intellectuals and academics.
 He was a DPhil from the University of Oxford and the head of the Department of English, Patna University.
 All his children and grandchildren teach English Literature.
The Quickening Maze is a 2009 historical fictional novel by British poet and author Adam Foulds and published by Jonathan Cape.
 The book received the Encore Award (2009), European Union Prize for Literature (2011) and was shortlisted for Man Booker Prize (2009) and Walter Scott Prize (2010).
 The book is based on the historical backdrop of a mental asylum run by Matthew Allen at High Beach in late 1830s and 1840s which had English poet John Clare admitted therein.
 Alfred, Lord Tennyson, another notable poet of the era, moves to High Beach to get his brother Septimus treated and Alfred, himself, has to overcome depression after the death of his close friend Arthur Hallam.
 The book narrates Clare's life, the asylum's effects on both poets and bases its storyline on the popular speculation of whether Clare and Tennyson had ever met.
