Warm is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released on November 11, 1957, by Columbia Records and, as with his previous LP, "Wonderful Wonderful", does not include any of his hit singles but instead focuses primarily on his interpretations of romantic ballads that were already hits for other artists.
 Two new songs made the final cut, however: the title track and "The Lovely Things You Do".
Wonderful Wonderful is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in the summer of 1957 on the Columbia Records label but does not include his hit song of the same name or any of his songs that were released as singles that year.
 The liner notes on the back of the original album cover proclaim that "he stamps as his very own such familiar rhythm tunes as 'Too Close for Comfort' and 'That Old Black Magic', injects new life in well-known ballads such as 'All Through the Night', gives new hearings to several fine standards that have been neglected in recent years, and even introduces a brand new ballad (Alex Fogarty's 'Will I Find My Love Today?')
."
Hotel Paracas, or the Hotel Paracas, a Luxury Collection Resort is a five star luxury hotel and resort located in near Pisco, Peru, 240 kilometres south of Lima.
 The hotel was established in 1944 by Emilio Guimoye and is a luxury resort surrounded by desert at Paracas Bay on the Pacific coast.
 It has 120 rooms, two pools, a lounge bar, three restaurants and a spa.
The Atlantic Club Casino Hotel, formerly known as Golden Nugget, Bally's Grand, Atlantic City Hilton and ACH, is a closed casino and hotel located at the southern end of the boardwalk in Atlantic City, New Jersey, owned and operated by Colony Capital.
 It was the city's first and only "locals casino".
 The Atlantic Club permanently closed on January 13, 2014, at 12:01 AM.
 largely as a result of dwindling casino visitors to Atlantic City due to increased competition in neighboring states.
 A third of Atlantic City's boardwalk casinos closed the same year, the others being Revel, Trump Plaza, and Showboat.
 Redevelopment proposals include a water park.
Johnny Mathis: Wonderful, Wonderful!
 is a television concert by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was recorded on October 27, 2006, at the Tropicana Hotel in Atlantic City and aired that December on most PBS stations.
 In addition to singing some of his biggest hits, he covers tracks from his live albums ("In the Morning" from "" and "To the Ends of the Earth" from "Unforgettable – A Musical Tribute to Nat King Cole"), songs from Brazil ("Manhã de Carnaval" from "Olé" and "Brazil (Aquarela do Brasil)" from "The Ultimate Hits Collection"), and two exclusives ("Let Go (Canto de ossanho)" and "Pure Imagination") that have never appeared on a Mathis album.
 Interview clips with Mathis were inserted at intervals throughout the concert along with live performance excerpts from programs such as "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" and "The Andy Williams Show".
Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa is a hotel, casino, and spa in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.
 It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International.
 The casino hotel features 2,002 rooms and is the largest hotel in New Jersey.
 Borgata opened in July 2003 and is the top-grossing casino in Atlantic City.
TEN (formerly Revel Casino Hotel Atlantic City) is a closed resort, hotel and casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.
 It is the northernmost casino on the Atlantic City Boardwalk, located on 20 acre of land, adjacent to the Showboat Hotel.
 Revel opened on April 2, 2012, and after declaring Chapter 11 bankruptcy for the second time, closed on September 2, 2014.
 Revel was the third of four Atlantic City casinos to close in 2014.
 It was supposed to open in June 2017 but it didn’t.
Caesars Atlantic City is a luxury hotel, casino, and spa resort in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
 Like Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, it has an ancient Roman and ancient Greek theme.
 Atlantic City's second casino, it opened in 1979 as the Caesars Boardwalk Regency.
 The 124720 sqft .
 casino has over 3,400 slot machines, and is one of the largest in Atlantic City.
 The resort has experienced much expansion and renovation in the past decade, including a new hotel tower, a new parking garage, and a new shopping center, Playground Pier.
 Known to many that visit Atlantic City as the present day "Hub" of the boardwalk.
The Tropicana Casino & Resort Atlantic City is a luxury hotel, casino, and spa resort located on Brighton Avenue and the Boardwalk in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
 It is owned by Tropicana Entertainment and is one of the largest hotels in New Jersey with just over 2,000 rooms.
 Tropicana has over 3,000 slot machines and 135 table games and also features The Quarter, a shopping mall located in the complex.
MGM Grand Atlantic City was a planned resort casino by MGM Mirage in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
 It was to be located on 72 acre of land between the Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa (which MGM Mirage owns 50%) and Harrah's Atlantic City.
