The Crimson Rivers (French: "Les Rivières Pourpres" ) is a 2000 French psychological horror film starring Jean Reno and Vincent Cassel.
 The film, which was directed by Mathieu Kassovitz, is based on the best-selling novel "Les Rivières Pourpres".
 Its screenplay was co-written by the book's author, Jean-Christophe Grangé.
John Barry Humphries, AO, CBE (born 17 February 1934) is an Australian comedian, actor, satirist, artist, and author.
 He is best known for writing and playing his on-stage and television alter egos Dame Edna Everage and Sir Les Patterson.
 He is also a film producer and script writer, a star of London's West End musical theatre, an award-winning writer, and an accomplished landscape painter.
 For his delivery of dadaist and absurdist humour to millions, biographer Anne Pender described Humphries in 2010 as not only "the most significant theatrical figure of our time … [but] the most significant comedian to emerge since Charlie Chaplin".
Les Vacances de Monsieur Hulot (French: Les Vacances de M. Hulot ; released as Monsieur Hulot's Holiday in the US) is a 1953 French comedy film starring and directed by Jacques Tati.
 It introduced the pipe-smoking, well-meaning but clumsy character of Monsieur Hulot, who appears in Tati's subsequent films, including "Mon Oncle" (1958), "Playtime" (1967), and "Trafic" (1971).
 The film gained an international reputation for its creator when released in 1953.
 The film was very successful as it had a total of 5,071,920 admissions in France.
La Cité de la peur (French: "The City of Fear"), also known as Le film de Les Nuls ("The Les Nuls Movie"), is a 1994 French comedy film written by and starring Chantal Lauby, Alain Chabat and Dominique Farrugia of the comedy group Les Nuls, and directed by Alain Berbérian in 1994.
Les Patterson Saves the World is a 1987 Australian comedy film starring Barry Humphries as his stage creations Sir Les Patterson and Dame Edna Everage.
Ernest Goes to Jail is a 1990 comedy film directed by John R. Cherry III and starring Jim Varney.
 It is the fourth film to feature the character Ernest P. Worrell.
 It was shot in Nashville and Tennessee State Penitentiary.
 This is the second most successful of the Ernest films, behind "Ernest Saves Christmas".
 It was in third place during its opening weekend, earning $6,143,372.
 Total gross was $25,029,569.
Les Truands is a French comedy film starring Eddie Constantine directed by Carlo Rim.
 For English-speaking audiences it was renamed as Lock Up Your Spoons respectively The Gangsters.
Three Fables of Love (French: Les Quatre Vérités , Italian: Le quattro verità , Spanish: Las cuatro verdades ) is a 1962 internationally co-produced comedy film starring Anna Karina.
 It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (also known as Baby Geniuses 2: Superbabies or simply Baby Geniuses 2) is a 2004 American science fiction family comedy film directed by Bob Clark and written by Gregory Poppen, from a story by Steven Paul.
 The sequel to the 1999 film "Baby Geniuses", the film stars Jon Voight, Scott Baio, and Vanessa Angel.
 Following the events of the first film, four babies can communicate with each other using 'baby talk', and have knowledge of many secrets.
 The baby geniuses become involved in a scheme by media mogul Bill Biscane, later revealed to be known as Kane, who kidnaps children everywhere.
 Helping the geniuses is a legendary super-baby named Kahuna who stops Biscane's plots and saves children from being kidnapped by Biscane and his minions.
 He joins up with several other babies in an attempt to stop Biscane, who intends to use a state-of-the-art satellite system to control the world's population by brainwashing them and forcing people to not be active and watch TV the rest of their lives.
Ernest Saves Christmas is a 1988 Christmas comedy film directed by John R. Cherry III and starring Jim Varney.
 This is the first film to feature Gailard Sartain's character, Chuck along with Bill Byrge as his brother, Bobby.
 They made their first appearance in the television series "Hey Vern, It's Ernest!
" which was in production at the same time as this film.
 It is the third film to feature the character Ernest P. Worrell, and chronicles Ernest's attempt to find a replacement for an aging Santa Claus.
 Unlike the other "Ernest" movies, "Ernest Saves Christmas" is the only one that does not feature a villain.
