Hoonah Airport (IATA: HNH, ICAO: PAOH, FAA LID: HNH) is a state-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Hoonah, Alaska.
Elizabeth City Regional Airport (IATA: ECG, ICAO: KECG, FAA LID: ECG) is a joint civil-military public and military use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Elizabeth City, in Pasquotank County, North Carolina, United States.
 The airport, on the shore of the Pasquotank River, is also known as Elizabeth City-Pasquotank County Regional Airport or ECG Regional Airport.
 It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Mobile Coast Guard Aviation Training Center is an air base of the United States Coast Guard located at Mobile, Alabama, where it shares an airfield with the Mobile Regional Airport.
 The Alabama Army National Guard's 1st Battalion, 131st Aviation Regiment's "B" Company is also located at the airfield.
 The base is also home to the Coast Guard National Strike Force's Gulf Strike Team.
Mobile Regional Airport (IATA: MOB, ICAO: KMOB, FAA LID: MOB) is a combined public/military airport 13 miles west of the city of Mobile, in Mobile County, Alabama.
 It is near Pascagoula, Mississippi.
 The airport is owned and operated by the Mobile Airport Authority,a self-funded entity that receives no local tax dollars.
Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy (Norwegian: "Brønnøysund lufthavn, Brønnøy" ; IATA: BNN, ICAO: ENBN ) is a regional airport located at the town of Brønnøysund, in the municipality of Brønnøy, Nordland county, Norway.
 The airport is owned and operated by the state-owned Avinor and serves the southern part of Helgeland.
 It has a 1200 x runway numbered 04–22 and is served by Widerøe, which operates their Bombardier Dash 8 aircraft to Oslo, Trondheim, Bodø, Bergen and other airports in Helgeland.
 The airport also serves offshore helicopter flights by CHC Helikopter Service to Norne and temporary oil rigs in the Norwegian Sea.
 In 2014, the airport served 117,471 passengers, making it the second-busiest regional airport in Norway, after Florø Airport.
Henry County Airport (FAA LID: KHMP) , is a public-use county airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Hampton, a city in Henry County, Georgia, United States.
 It was known as Clayton County Airport – Tara Field, which was the name still used by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Georgia Department of Transportation (GDOT) until approval of the Atlanta South Regional Airport name.
 The airport was renamed Atlanta South Regional Airport, which was approved by the airport board of commissioners in December 2011, and was approved by the GDOT and the FAA before it went into effect.
Manassas Regional Airport (IATA: KHEF, ICAO: HEF) , also known as Harry P. Davis Field, is a city-owned public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of the central business district of Manassas, in a section of Manassas that was carved out of Prince William County specifically for the purpose of containing the airport.
 The largest regional airport in the state of Virginia, Manassas Regional Airport is located 30 miles from Washington, D.C.
Raleigh Exec: The Raleigh Executive Jetport @ Sanford-Lee County or Raleigh Exec Jetport at Sanford-Lee CountyFAA Airport Master Record for TTA (Form 5010 ) (ICAO: KTTA, FAA LID: TTA) is a public use airport located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) northeast of the central business district of Sanford, a city in Lee County, North Carolina, United States.
 It is owned by the Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport Authority and was previously known as Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport.
 This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "reliever airport" for Raleigh-Durham International Airport.
Roanoke–Blacksburg Regional Airport (IATA: ROA, ICAO: KROA, FAA LID: ROA) , also known as Woodrum Field, is a regional airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Roanoke, a city in Roanoke County, Virginia, United States.
 It is governed by the five-member Roanoke Regional Airport Commission that includes representatives from both the city and county of Roanoke.
 The airport has two runways and over 60 scheduled flights each day.
The West Kootenay Regional Airport, (Castlegar Airport) (IATA: YCG, ICAO: CYCG) is a small regional airport located 2 NM south southeast of Castlegar, British Columbia, Canada.
 It is owned and operated by the City of Castlegar, and has a 15317 sqft passenger terminal.
 Due to the mountainous terrain impinging on both runway approaches, there is no possibility of a straight-in approach.
 The airport is therefore certified for day operations only, and the glideslope on approach is set to a steep 5.0° rather than the standard 3.0°.
 The instrument approaches to Castlegar are considered among the most challenging of any in use at a commercial airport in North America.
 As of 2011, the Dash-8s serving the airport required minimums of 3400 foot cloud ceilings and three miles visibility (Air Canada Jazz adds 100 feet and one mile to these minimums).
