The 1929 Pittsburgh Panthers football team, coached by Jock Sutherland, represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1929 college football season.
 The Panthers finished the regular season undefeated and were considered the champions of the East, and by some, a national championship team.
 The Panthers concluded the season by traveling by train to California where they lost to USC in the Rose Bowl.
 Bowls at the time were still widely considered to be exhibition games, and the loss did not prevent football historian Parke H. Davis, whose selection is recognized as "major" in the official NCAA football records book, from naming Pitt as that season's national champion.
 The team is also recognized as national champion in 1929 by College Football Data Warehouse and according to a "Sports Illustrated" study that has served as the historical basis of the university's historical national championship claims since its original publication.
The 1917 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1917 college football season.
 Led by coach Pop Warner, the Panthers were undefeated on the season with a 10–0 record and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 260–31.
 The Panthers were nicknamed "The Fighting Dentists" because during some rotations all eleven players on the field would be dentistry students.
 One of those players was Pitt Panthers legend Jock Sutherland.
The 1910 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1910 college football season.
 Pittsburgh shut out all nine of its opponents, outscored opponents by a combined score of 282 to 0, and finished with a perfect 9–0 record in their third year under head coach Joseph H. Thompson.
 The team has been recognized as a co-national champion of 1910 by the National Championship Foundation.
 Significant games included victories over West Virginia (38–0) and Penn State (11–0).
 Two Pittsburgh players were recognized by at least one selector on the 1910 College Football All-America Team.
 They are: fullback Tex Richards ("Pittsburgh Dispatch", 1st team); and center Ralph Galvin ("Pittsburgh Dispatch", 1st team; "Pittsburgh Leader", 1st team).
The 1917 Rutgers Queensmen football team represented Rutgers University in the 1917 college football season.
 In their fifth season under head coach George "Sandy" Sanford, the Queensmen compiled a 7–1–1 record and outscored their opponents, 295 to 28.
 The team's wins included a 28-0 victory over Fordham.
 The sole loss was to Syracuse by a 14-10 score.
 The tie was a 7-7 game with West Virginia.
 Paul Robeson played at the end position for the 1917 and 1918 Rutgers teams, was selected by Frank G. Menke as a first-team All-American in both 1917 and 1918, and was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1995.
 Coach Sanford was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1971.
The 1931 Pittsburgh Panthers football team, coached by Jock Sutherland, represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1931 college football season.
 The Panthers finished the regular season with eight wins and a single loss at Notre Dame and were considered the champions of the East.
 Parke H. Davis, whose selection is recognized as "major" in the official NCAA football records book, named Pitt as one of that season's co-national champions.
 The team is also recognized as national champion in 1931 by College Football Data Warehouse and according to a "Sports Illustrated" study that has served as the historical basis of the university's historical national championship claims since its original publication.
Robert "Tex" William Richards, Jr. (August 9, 1889 – November 7, 1918) was an American college football player on the University of Pittsburgh Panthers team from 1907 to 1910.
 He was the captain and fullback of the undefeated and unscored-upon 1910 Pittsburgh Panthers football team, coached by Joseph H. Thompson, and considered by many to be that season's national champion.
Pitt Stadium was a stadium located on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania from 1925 to 1999.
 It served primarily as the home of the University of Pittsburgh's football team, the Pittsburgh Panthers.
 It was also used for other University sporting events, including Pittsburgh Panthers basketball, baseball, rifle, track, and gymnastics.
 Designed by University of Pittsburgh graduate W. S. Hindman, the US$2.1 million stadium was built after the seating capacity of the Panthers' previous home, Forbes Field, was deemed inadequate in light of the growing popularity of college football.
 Pitt Stadium also served as the second home of the Pittsburgh Steelers, the city's National Football League (NFL) franchise.
 After demolition, the Pittsburgh Panthers football team played home games at Three Rivers Stadium in 2000, before moving to Heinz Field in 2001.
This is a list of Pittsburgh Panthers football seasons, national championships and quarterbacks.
 The Pittsburgh Panthers football team is the American football team of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh.
 The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision.
 The Panthers have been members of the Atlantic Coast Conference since 2013.
 From 1991 to 2012 they were members of the Big East Conference.
 Before 1991 they competed as an independent.
The 1980 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season.
 Despite losing one game, the Panthers were named national champions by several selectors including the College Football Researchers Association, "The New York Times" computer poll, and the Sagarin Ratings, among others.
 The university does not claim a national championship for this season, nor are the Panthers popularly recognized for winning that year's national championship.
 Pitt was awarded the Lambert-Meadowlands Trophy as the champion of the East.
The 1918 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1918 college football season.
 In a season cut short by the Spanish flu pandemic, coach Pop Warner led the Panthers in a schedule played all in one month, including a convincing victory in a highly publicized game over defending national champion and unscored-upon Georgia Tech.
 A highly controversial loss ended the season and snapped a 32-game Pitt winning streak, but the Panthers outscored opponents 140–16 in that short season and were retroactively selected as the national champion by the Helms Athletic Foundation and Houlgate System and as a co-national champion with Michigan by the National Championship Foundation.
