Shamrock Rovers Football Club (Irish: "Cumann Peile Ruagairí na Seamróige" ) is an Irish association football club based in Tallaght, South Dublin.
 The club's senior team competes in the League of Ireland Premier Division and it is the most successful club in the Republic of Ireland.
 The club has won the League of Ireland title a record 17 times and the FAI Cup a record 24 times.
 Shamrock Rovers have supplied more players to the Republic of Ireland national football team (62) than any other club.
 In All-Ireland competitions, such as the Intercity Cup, they hold the record for winning the most titles, having won seven cups overall.
Real Madrid C.F. is a professional association football club based in Madrid, Spain, that plays in La Liga.
 The club was formed in 1902 as Madrid Football Club, and played its first competitive match on 13 May 1902, when it entered the semi-final of the Campeonato de Copa de S.M. Alfonso XIII.
 Real Madrid was one of the founding members of La Liga in 1929, and is one of three clubs, including FC Barcelona and Athletic Bilbao, to have never been relegated from the league.
 Since then, the club's first team has competed in numerous nationally and internationally organised competitions.
 Real is the most successful club in Spanish football, having won a total of 64 domestic titles; a record 33 La Liga titles, 19 Spanish Cups, 10 Spanish Super Cups, 1 Copa Eva Duarte and 1 League Cup.
 Real is the most successful club in European football, having won twenty one official UEFA trophies in total.
Bohemian Football Club (Irish: "Cumann Peile Bóithéamaigh" ), more commonly referred to as Bohs, is a professional football club from Dublin, Ireland.
 Bohemians compete in the Premier Division of the League of Ireland, and are the oldest League of Ireland club in continuous existence.
 Bohs are the third most successful club in League of Ireland football history, having won the League of Ireland title 11 times, the FAI Cup 7 times, the League of Ireland Shield 6 times and the League of Ireland Cup 3 times.
 Prior to the establishment of the Football Association of Ireland and League of Ireland, Bohemians competed in the Irish Football League and Irish Cup, which were at the time all-Ireland competitions.
 During that period they won the Irish Cup once and finished runners up 5 times.
 They share the record for most wins in European competition with archrivals Shamrock Rovers and hold the record for Leinster Senior Cup wins with 32 cups claimed.
The club first participated in an international competition in 1956.
 The first international cup they took part in was the "Torneio Internacional da FPF".
 Santos is the most successful club in the "Brasileirão", alongside Palmeiras, and was voted by FIFA as the 5th most successful football club of the 20th century.
 The "Santista" club is the most successful club, alongside São Paulo, in Brazilian football in terms of overall trophies, having won 19 state titles, a record 8 national titles, 3 Copa Libertadores, 2 Intercontinental Cups, 1 Recopa Sudamericana, 1 Intercontinental Supercup, 1 Copa CONMEBOL and 1 Copa do Brasil.
 In 1962, Santos became the first club in the world to win the continental treble consisting of the Paulista, Taça Brasil, and the Copa Libertadores.
AC Sparta Prague (Czech: "AC Sparta Praha" ] ) is a Czech football club based in Prague.
 It is the most successful club in the Czech Republic and one of the most successful in central Europe, winning the central European Cup (also known as the Mitropa Cup) three times as well as having reached the semi-finals of the European Cup (now the UEFA Champions League) in 1992 and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1973.
 Sparta have also been successful on the international stage, winning the Pequeña Copa del Mundo de Clubes, the predecessor to the FIFA Club World Cup, in 1969.
 Sparta have won 36 domestic league titles, the Czech Cup (formerly Czechoslovak Cup) 27 times, also a record, and the Czech Supercup twice.
 Sparta was long the main source for the Czech Republic national football team, however lately this has ceased to be the case, as the best Czech players almost exclusively play in foreign leagues.
 Sparta play at Prague's Generali Arena, also known as "Letná Stadium".
The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in the city of Brisbane, the capital of the state of Queensland.
 Founded in 1988, the Broncos play in Australia's elite competition, the National Rugby League (NRL) premiership.
 They have won five premierships, a Super League title and two World Club Challenges.
 The Broncos have achieved four minor premierships during their 29 years in competition, making them the League's most successful club over the past three decades.
 Until 2015 Brisbane had never been defeated in a grand final, and between 1991 and 2009 they never failed to qualify for the finals.
 They are the most successful club since the National Rugby League began in 1998, winning a record three premierships in this era.
 They are also one of the most successful clubs in the history of rugby league, having won 63% of their games since their induction in 1988, second only to Melbourne Storm with 64%.
Fudbalski klub Crvena zvezda (, ), commonly known in English as Red Star Belgrade (Serbian: Црвена звезда Београд / Crvena zvezda Beograd ) or simply Red Star, is a Serbian professional football club based in Belgrade, the major part of the Red Star multi-sport club.
 They are the only Serbian and ex-Yugoslav club to have won the European Cup, having done so in 1991, and the only team from Southeast Europe to have won the Intercontinental Cup, also in 1991.
 With 27 national championships and 24 national cups between Serbian and the former Yugoslav competitions, Red Star was the most successful club in former Yugoslavia and finished as first in the Yugoslav First League all-time table, and is the most successful club in Serbia.
 However, since the 1991–92 season, Red Star has failed to qualify in the group stages of UEFA Champions League.
Sean Robert Francis (born 1 August 1972) is a former footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham City and Northampton Town, and in the League of Ireland for Cobh Ramblers, Shamrock Rovers and Longford Town.
 He played as a forward.
Robert Francis Kennedy Jr. (born January 17, 1954) is an American radio host, environmental activist, author and attorney specializing in environmental law.
 He is an Irish American, son of Robert Francis "Bobby" Kennedy and the nephew of former U.S. President John F. Kennedy.
 Kennedy is President of the Board of Waterkeeper Alliance, a non-profit organization focused on grass-roots efforts to protect and enhance waterways worldwide.
 He currently co-hosts "Ring of Fire", a nationally syndicated American radio program.
 Kennedy has written or edited ten books, including two New York Times Best Sellers, and three children's books.
The Ulster Senior League is an association football league featuring amateur, intermediate, and League of Ireland reserve teams from Ulster.
 Together with the Leinster Senior League Senior Division and the Munster Senior League Senior Premier Division, it forms the third level of the Republic of Ireland football league system.
 Ulster Senior League teams also compete in the FAI Cup and the FAI Intermediate Cup.
 The winners of the Ulster Senior League have also been invited to play in the League of Ireland Cup.
 Despite using the Ulster name in its title, the majority of its member clubs are based in County Donegal.
 The most successful club in the league has been Fanad United who have won fourteen league titles and ten league cups.
 Since 2006 the USL has operated as a summer league with the season typically operating from April to October.
