Going Hollywood is a 1933 American pre-Code musical film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Marion Davies and Bing Crosby.
 It was written by Donald Ogden Stewart and based on a story by Frances Marion.
 "Going Hollywood" was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on December 22, 1933.
College Humor is a 1933 American pre-Code musical comedy film, directed by Wesley Ruggles, and starring Bing Crosby, Jack Oakie, Richard Arlen, Mary Kornman and Mary Carlisle.
 Based on a story by Dean Fales, the film is about a college professor and the school's star football player who become rivals for the same beautiful coed.
 Released by Paramount Pictures, the film co-stars George Burns and Gracie Allen.
Harry Lillis "Bing" Crosby Jr. ( ; May 3, 1903 – October 14, 1977) was an American singer and actor.
 Crosby's trademark warm bass-baritone voice made him the best-selling recording artist of the 20th century, having sold over one billion records, tapes, compact discs and digital downloads around the world.
My Lips Betray is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and starring Lilian Harvey, John Boles and El Brendel.
 The film's sets were designed by the art director Joseph C. Wright.
Hello, Everybody!
 is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Lawrence Hazard, Fannie Hurst and Dorothy Yost.
 The film stars Kate Smith, Randolph Scott, Sally Blane, Charley Grapewin, George Barbier, Wade Boteler and Julia Swayne Gordon.
 The film was released on February 17, 1933, by Paramount Pictures.
Melody Cruise is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical romantic comedy film directed by Mark Sandrich.
International House is a 1933 American pre-Code comedy film starring Peggy Hopkins Joyce and W. C. Fields, directed by A. Edward Sutherland and released by Paramount Pictures.
 The tagline of the film was "The Grand Hotel of comedy".
 It is a mixture of comedy and musical acts tied together by a slim plot line, in the style of the Big Broadcast pictures that were also released by Paramount during the 1930s.
 In addition to some typical comedic lunacy from W. C. Fields and Burns and Allen, it provides a snapshot of some popular stage and radio acts of the era.
 The film includes some risqué pre-Code humor.
Girl Without a Room is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical comedy film starring Charles Farrell, Charles Ruggles, and Marguerite Churchill.
 This early light comedy farce set in Paris was written by Claude Binyon, Frank Butler, and Jack Lait, and directed by Ralph Murphy.
Hallelujah, I'm a Bum is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical comedy film directed by Lewis Milestone and set in the Great Depression.
Sitting Pretty is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical comedy film telling the story of two aspiring, but untalented, songwriters, played by Jack Oakie and Jack Haley.
 They are joined by Ginger Rogers and Thelma Todd on their trip from New York City to Hollywood to find their fortune.
 This film was directed by Harry Joe Brown and featured the Pickens Sisters as themselves.
