FC Gossau is a Swiss football club from the city of Gossau in the canton of St. Gallen.
 The club currently plays in the Challenge League, the second-highest level of Swiss football.
FC Münsingen is a Swiss football club from the town of Münsingen in Canton Bern, the German-speaking region of Switzerland.
 The team currently plays in 1.
 Liga Classic, the fourth highest tier in the Swiss football pyramid.
Maeva Sarrasin is a Swiss football forward currently playing in the Nationalliga A for FC Yverdon.
 She has been a member of the Swiss national team.
 As a junior international she played the 2006 U-19 European Championship.
FC Naters is a Swiss football club from the town of Naters in Canton Valais, the French-speaking region of Switzerland.
 The team currently plays in Liga 1.
, the third highest tier in the Swiss football pyramid.
Fussballclub Zürich, commonly abbreviated to FC Zürich, FCZ or simply Zürich, is a Swiss football club based in the city of Zürich and currently playing in the Super League, the first tier in the Swiss football league system.
 The club was founded in 1896 and has won the Swiss Super League 12 times and the Swiss Cup nine times.
 The club won the 2009 Swiss Super League and last won the Swiss Cup in 2016.
 They play their home games at the Letzigrund in Zürich, which seats 25,000 spectators.
 For the women's team see FC Zürich Frauen.
FC Brugg is a Swiss football club from the town of Brugg in Canton Aargau.
 The team currently plays in Liga 1.
, the third highest tier in the Swiss football pyramid.
 The club narrowly missed out on promotion to the Challenge League after losing a playoff match, on 24 May 2008, against SC Zofingen in Schötz.
FC Echallens is a Swiss football club from Echallens, canton Vaud.
 The team currently plays in Liga 1.
, fourth highest tier in the Swiss football pyramid.
 The club was formed in 1921.
GC Biaschesi is a Swiss football club from the town of Biasca in Canton Ticino, the Italian-speaking region of Switzerland.
 The team currently plays in Liga 1.
, the third highest tier in the Swiss football pyramid.
 The club narrowly missed out on promotion to the Challenge League after losing a play off match in May 2008, against FC Stade Nyonnais.
 Finished the 2008/2009 season in 13th position.
FC Tuggen is a Swiss football club from the town of Tuggen in Canton Schwyz, the German-speaking region of Switzerland.
 The club was founded in 1966 and currently plays in 1.
 Liga Promotion, the third highest tier in the Swiss football pyramid.
SV Schaffhausen is a Swiss football club based in Schaffhausen, in the north of the country.
 It was founded in 1922.
 The club colors are black and white.
 The club nickname is "Spielvi."
 The club operates a total of twenty teams, including 4 men's teams and 16 junior teams.
 They are known to be more active within local football than their bigger local rivals FC Schaffhausen.
 They currently play in the Swiss 1.
 Liga, the third tier of Swiss football.
