Peoria State Hospital Historic District, also known as Bartonville State Hospital or Illinois Asylum for the Incurable Insane, was a psychiatric hospital operated by the State of Illinois from 1902 to 1973.
 The hospital is located in Bartonville, Illinois, near the city of Peoria in Peoria County.
 The hospital grounds and its 47 buildings are listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Dorothea Dix Psychiatric Center is a psychiatric hospital operated by the state of Maine.
 It is located at 656 State Street in Bangor, and was previously known as the Eastern Maine Insane Asylum and the Bangor Mental Health Institute.
 It was established in 1895, and the main building on its campus is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
John George Psychiatric Hospital, previously John George Psychiatric Pavilion, also known as John George Psychiatric Emergency Room, John George Hospital or John George, is a psychiatric hospital located in San Leandro, in Alameda County, California.
 It is operated by the Alameda Health System.
The Eastern Shore Hospital Center is an 76-bed psychiatric facility that is located in Cambridge, Maryland.
 It is owned and operated by the State of Maryland.
 Levels of care provided include acute and long-term inpatient psychiatric hospital services for adults aged 18 and older.
 The Center also operates an on-site 16-bed residential Assisted Living Program that is known as Stepping Stone at Manokin.
 The 40-bed Upper Shore Community Mental Health Center, a psychiatric hospital that was located in Chestertown, and the Eastern Shore Hospital Center were jointly administered for a number of years.
 The Upper Shore Community Mental Health Center was closed in March 2010.
Oregon State Hospital is a public psychiatric hospital in the U.S. state of Oregon, located in the state's capital city of Salem.
 Founded in 1862 and constructed in the Kirkbride Plan design in 1883, it is the oldest operating psychiatric hospital in the state of Oregon, and one of the oldest continuously operated hospitals on the West Coast.
St. Conal's Hospital (Irish: Ospidéal Naomh Conaill) is a psychiatric hospital located in Letterkenny, County Donegal, Ireland.
 Situated adjacent to Letterkenny Town Park near Letterkenny University Hospital, it is the only psychiatric hospital located in County Donegal and is considered to be ""one of the finest buildings in the country"".
 Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been carried out on patients here.
Morningside Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in Portland, Oregon, United States.
 For nearly sixty years the hospital sat on a 47-acre parcel at the junction of SE Stark Street and 96th Avenue.
 Formerly agricultural land, the site was developed as a psychiatric hospital complex and working farm in 1910.
 After World War II, many of the farmers in the surrounding area retired and their land was developed into suburban communities.
 The rising population increased consumer demand and the under-construction interstate freeway promised easy access.
Warm Springs is an unincorporated community in Deer Lodge County, Montana, United States, operated by the state of Montana.
 It is the site of Montana State Hospital, the only long term psychiatric hospital operated by the state of Montana.
 The hospital was founded by the Territorial Government of Montana in 1877.
 The "warm springs" are located on the hospital campus.
 Hot water seeps from a limestone cone that is about 40 feet high.
 The Native Americans called this the "Lodge of the Whitetailed Deer" giving the Deer Lodge Valley its name.
 There are no community services other than a bar and convenience store on the frontage road and a post office (zip code 59756) on the hospital campus.
 Brown trout fishing can be found in the Clark Fork River just east of Warm Springs and in the ponds on the Warm Springs Wildlife Management Area.
A state hospital is a hospital funded and operated by the government of a state.
 In some countries, such as South Africa, the term is synonymous with public hospital.
 In other countries, like the United States, general public hospitals are operated by local governments.
 Due in part to the efforts of Dorothea Dix, the term "state hospital" generally refers to a public psychiatric hospital operated by a state government for persons committed to compulsory psychiatric care after being found not guilty of serious violent crimes on the basis of insanity.
A hospital is a health care institution providing patient treatment with specialized medical and nursing staff and medical equipment.
 The best-known type of hospital is the general hospital, which typically has an emergency department to treat urgent health problems ranging from fire and accident victims to a heart attack.
 A district hospital typically is the major health care facility in its region, with large numbers of beds for intensive care and additional beds for patients who need long-term care.
 Specialised hospitals include trauma centres, rehabilitation hospitals, children's hospitals, seniors' (geriatric) hospitals, and hospitals for dealing with specific medical needs such as psychiatric treatment (see psychiatric hospital) and certain disease categories.
 Specialised hospitals can help reduce health care costs compared to general hospitals.
