Food Lion LLC is a grocery store company headquartered in Salisbury, North Carolina, that operates more than 1,100 supermarkets in 10 states of the Southeastern United States under the Food Lion banner.
 With about 63,000 employees, Food Lion, LLC.
 is currently owned by Ahold Delhaize after it was acquired by the Delhaize Group in 1974.
 One of the founders was philanthropist Ralph Ketner.
Albert Heijn B.V. is the largest Dutch supermarket chain, founded in 1887 in Oostzaan, Netherlands.
 It is named after Albert Heijn, Sr., the founder of the first store in Oostzaan.
Ahold Czech Republic, a. s. is a division of the Netherlands-based Ahold Delhaize group, operating in the Czech republic.
 The company entered the market in 1990 as Euronova a. s. Ahold Czech Republic is responsible for running the supermarket chain Albert, with about 330 locations.
Cora is a retail group of hypermarkets located in France and elsewhere in Europe.
 Cora was founded in 1974 by the supermarket holding Louis Delhaize Group after taking over three Carrefour hypermarkets located in Belgium.
 These three were originally established around 1969 as a joint venture franchise between two other companies: the Carrefour Group and the Delhaize Group.
Delhaize Le Lion / De Leeuw (] ) was a food retailer headquartered in Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, Brussels, Belgium, and operating in seven countries and on three continents.
 The principal activity of Delhaize Group is the operation of food supermarkets.
 On June 24, 2015, Delhaize reached an agreement with Ahold to merge and form a new parent company headquartered in the Netherlands: Ahold Delhaize.
The Louis Delhaize Group is a Belgian retail group established in 1875 by Louis Delhaize.
 The principal activity is the operation of food supermarkets and hypermarkets in Belgium, France, Luxembourg and Romania.
Bottom Dollar Food was an American soft-discount grocery chain.
 It was a subsidiary of Delhaize America, the U.S. division of international food retailer Delhaize Group.
 Its headquarters was in Salisbury, North Carolina.
Albert Heijn (October 15, 1865, Oostzaan, North Holland – November 13, 1945, Amsterdam) was the original founder of what is now the largest food retailer in the Netherlands.
 On his wedding day in 1887, he took over the grocery store of his father, Jan Simonsz Heijn, and the supermarket chain founded by his grandson still carries the name Albert Heijn to this day.
Koninklijke Ahold N.V. was a Dutch international retailer based in Zaandam, Netherlands.
 It merged with Delhaize Group in 2016 to form Ahold Delhaize.
Gerrit Jan Heijn (14 February 1931, Zaandam – 9 September 1987) was a Dutch businessman, who was a top manager of "Ahold" until his death in 1987.
 His grandfather was Albert Heijn, who founded the family business, and his older brother was also named Albert Heijn, who was the founder of "Ahold".
 His son, Ronald Jan Heijn, played for the Dutch national field hockey team.
