Earl of Norbury, in the County of Tipperary, is a title in the Peerage of Ireland.
 It was created in 1827, along with the title Viscount Glandine, of Glandine in the King's County, for the Irish politician and judge John Toler, 1st Baron Norbury, upon his retirement as Chief Justice of the Common Pleas in Ireland.
 The titles were created with special remainder to his second son, Hector, as his eldest son, Daniel, was then considered mentally unwell.
 Lord Norbury had already been created Baron Norbury, of Ballycrenode in the County of Tipperary, in the Peerage of Ireland in 1800, with remainder to the heirs male of his body.
 Moreover, his wife, Grace Toler (née Graham), had been created Baroness Norwood, of Knockalton in the County of Tipperary, in the Peerage of Ireland in 1797, with remainder to the heirs male of her body.
 By the time Lord Norbury was raised to the Earldom, his wife had died and their eldest son had succeeded her as 2nd Baron Norwood.
 This son also succeeded Lord Norbury himself on his death in 1831 as 2nd Baron Norbury, whilst his younger brother Daniel succeeded to the viscountcy and earldom according to the special remainder.
 In 1832, the second Earl also succeeded his elder brother in the two baronies.
 He had already in 1825 assumed the additional surname of Graham by Royal licence.
King Kang of Chu (, died 545 BC) was from 559 to 545 BC the king of Chu, a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.
 Born Xiong Zhao (), he succeeded his father King Gong of Chu.
 His reign was marked by constant wars with Jin, Chu's traditional enemy, and Wu, its new enemy.
 He ruled for 15 years and was succeeded by his son, Jia'ao, who would four years later be murdered by King Kang's younger brother King Ling of Chu.
Harald II of Denmark (died 1018) was King of Denmark from 1014 until his death in 1018.
 He was the youngest son of Sweyn Forkbeard and Gunhild of Wenden, and was regent while his father was fighting Ethelred the Unready in England.
 He inherited the Danish throne in 1014, and held it while his brother, the later king Cnut the Great conquered England.
 After his death in 1018, he was succeeded by Cnut the Great.
 Little detail is known about Harald II.
Eric III Lamb (Danish: "Erik III Lam" ) (  1120 – 27 August 1146) was the King of Denmark from 1137 until 1146.
 He was the grandson of Eric I of Denmark and the nephew of Eric II of Denmark, whom he succeeded on the throne.
 He abdicated in 1146, as the first and only Danish monarch to do so.
 His succession led to a period of civil war between Sweyn III, Canute V, and Valdemar I.
Nyuserre Ini (also Niuserre Ini or Neuserre Ini; in Greek known as Rathurês, "´Ραθούρης") was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh, the sixth ruler of the Fifth Dynasty during the Old Kingdom period.
 He is credited with a reign of 24 to 35 years depending on the scholar, and likely lived in the second half of the 25th century BCE.
 Nyuserre was the younger son of Neferirkare Kakai and queen Khentkaus II, and the brother of the short-lived king Neferefre.
 He may have succeeded his brother directly, as indicated by much later historical sources.
 Alternatively, Shepseskare may have reigned between the two as advocated by Miroslav Verner, albeit only for a few weeks or months at the most.
 The relation of Shepseskare with Neferefre and Nyuserre remains highly uncertain.
 Nyuserre was in turn succeeded by Menkauhor Kaiu, who could have been his nephew and a son of Neferefre.
Eric II the Memorable (Danish: "Erik II Emune" ) (  1090 – 18 September 1137) was king of Denmark between 1134 and 1137.
 Eric was an illegitimate son of Eric I of Denmark, who ruled Denmark from 1095 to 1103.
 Eric the Memorable rebelled against his uncle Niels of Denmark, and was declared king in 1134.
 He punished his adversaries severely, and rewarded his supporters handsomely.
 He was killed by a subject in 1137 and was promptly succeeded by his nephew Eric III of Denmark.
The Royal House of Boureh Gnilane Joof (variation : Mbin Boureh Gnilane in Serer) was a royal house founded in the 14th century by Jaraff Boureh Gnilane Joof (var : "Bouré Gnilane Diouf" or "Buré Ñilaan").
 He was a member the Serer tribe, from the pre-colonial Kingdom of Sine now part of independent Senegal.
 It was the first royal house founded by the Joof family during the Guelowar period (1350 - 1969).
 Boureh Gnilane Joof was a royal prince and a Jaraff (var : "Diaraf"), a with the powers of a Prime Minister.
 He was neither a Maad a Sinig (king of Sine) nor a Maad Saloum (king of Saloum) but a royal prince who had the title "Jaraff" bestowed upon him by his cousin and brother-in-law - Maad a Sinig Diessanou Faye (king of Sine).
 His father Maad Patar Kholleh Joof (the conqueror) was the king of Laa and Teigne of Baol (king of Baol).
 Boureh's brothers were the first from this house to have succeeded to the throne of Sine during the Guelowar period.
 His name was adopted in his honour to refer to the first royal house founded by the Joof family during this dynastic period.
 The Joof family of Sine, from this royal house also ruled in the Kingdom of Saloum (the Joof paternal dynasty of Sine and Saloum) The Joof family also ruled in Baol (the Joof paternal dynasty of Baol).
 From the date of its foundation up to the abolition of the Serer monarchies of Sine and Saloum in 1969, at least ten kings from this house had succeeded to the throne of Sine.
 As the first royal house of Sine founded by the Joof family in this dynastic period, the Royal House of Boureh Gnilane Joof holds great significance in Senegambian, Joof family and , because all the subsequent royal houses founded by the Joof family (who ruled in three Senegambian kingdoms) branched out from this royal house.
Baron Plunket, of Newtown in the County of Cork, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
 It was created in 1827 for the prominent Irish lawyer and Whig politician William Plunket.
 He served as Lord Chancellor of Ireland from 1830 and 1834 and again from 1835 to 1841.
 His eldest son, the second Baron, was Bishop of Tuam, Killala and Achonry between 1839 and 1866.
 He was succeeded by his younger brother, the third Baron.
 He was a barrister.
 His eldest son, the fourth Baron, served as Archbishop of Dublin between 1884 and 1897.
 He was succeeded by his eldest son, the fifth Baron.
 He was a diplomat and held office as Governor of New Zealand between 1904 and 1910.
 His grandson, Patrick, the seventh Baron, was Equerry to both King George VI and Queen Elizabeth II.
 He was succeeded by his younger brother, Robin who died in 2013 and was in turn succeeded by his nephew, Tyrone who was a Page of Honour to Queen Elizabeth II.
Ptolemy (Greek: ); 237 BC-died 234 ВС), king of Epirus, was the second son of Alexander II, king of Epirus, and Olympias, grandson of the great Pyrrhus and brother of Phthia of Macedon.
 He was named in honor of his late uncle Ptolemy, a late brother of his parents.
 He succeeded to the throne on the death of his elder brother, Pyrrhus II of Epirus, but reigned only a very short time, having set out on a military expedition, during the course of which he fell sick and died.
 Polyaenus, instead, tells us a different story and states that he was treasonably assassinated.
 The date of his reign cannot be fixed with certainty, but as he was contemporary with Demetrius II, king of Macedonia, it may be placed between 239 and 229 BC.
 He was succeeded by his niece Deidamia.
Christopher I (Danish: "Christoffer I" ) (1219 – 29 May 1259) was King of Denmark between 1252 and 1259.
 He was the son of Valdemar II of Denmark by his wife, Infanta Berengária of Portugal.
 He succeeded his brothers Eric IV Plovpenning and Abel of Denmark on the throne.
 Christopher was elected King upon the death of his older brother Abel in the summer of 1252.
 He was crowned at Lund Cathedral on Christmas Day 1252.
