Shambala Animal Kingdom was a 53 ha zoological park outside Kuranda, Queensland, Australia.
 The park was privately owned.
 It was formerly known as "Cairns Wildlife Safari Reserve", "Mareeba Wild Animal Park" and "Out of Africa Reserve".
 After being purchased by a Sydney lawyer, the zoo was renamed "Shambala Animal Kingdom".
 The zoo was closed in April 2013 citing financial reasons.
The Type Archive (formerly known as the Type Museum) is a unique collection of artefacts representing the legacy of type founding in England, whose famous type foundries and composing systems supplied the world with type in over 300 languages.
 The Archive was founded in 1992 and is located in Stockwell, south London, England.
The common chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes"), also known as the robust chimpanzee, is a species of great ape.
 Colloquially, the common chimpanzee is often called the chimpanzee (or "chimp"), though this term can be used to refer to both species in the genus "Pan": the common chimpanzee and the closely related bonobo, formerly called the pygmy chimpanzee.
 Evidence from fossils and DNA sequencing shows both species of chimpanzees are the sister taxon to the modern human lineage.
The bonobo ( or ; "Pan paniscus"), formerly called the pygmy chimpanzee and less often, the dwarf or gracile chimpanzee, is an endangered great ape and one of the two species making up the genus "Pan"; the other is "Pan troglodytes", or the common chimpanzee.
 Although the name "chimpanzee" is sometimes used to refer to both species together, it is usually understood as referring to the common chimpanzee, whereas "Pan paniscus" is usually referred to as the bonobo.
Animal Care Centers of NYC (ACC), formerly known as Animal Care & Control of NYC, is a not-for-profit corporation that was formed for the purpose of providing animal care and control services in New York City.
 ACC was created in 1994 to assume the responsibilities of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA), after the ASPCA decided not to renew its contract to run New York City’s animal shelter system.
 ACC entered into its own contract with the New York City Department of Health (DOH), and on January 1, 1995, followed the ASPCA as New York City’s provider of animal care and control services.
 It has a nine-member board of directors, which includes as ex officio members the Commissioner of DOH, the Commissioner of New York City Department of Parks and Recreation and the Deputy Commissioner for Community Affairs at the New
The Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals-Angell Animal Medical Center (MSPCA-Angell) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization with its main headquarters on South Huntington Avenue in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
 It was founded in 1868, and is the second-oldest humane society in the United States.
 "MSPCA-Angell" was adopted as the society's identity in 2003, and indicates the names of its two closely related predecessor organizations: Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and Angell Animal Medical Center (formerly known as Angell Memorial Animal Hospital).
 The organization provides direct care to thousands of homeless, injured, and abused animals each year, and provides animal adoption, a veterinary hospital, advocacy, and humane law enforcement.
The National Animal Welfare Trust (NAWT) is an animal welfare charity founded in 1971, which operates no-kill rescue centres for animals and birds.
 It currently has branches in Watford, Berkshire, Essex, Somerset and Cornwall; and caters for a variety of animals, both pets and wildlife.
 They operate a number of premises, including Trindledown Farm, the UK's only retirement home for elderly pets.
 Formerly known as the Animal Welfare Trust (AWT), it originated from the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection in the 1950s.
Caladenia pygmaea, commonly known as the pygmy finger orchid is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to South Australia.
 It is a ground orchid with a single erect, sparsely hairy leaf and a single pink flower with red stripes on the labellum.
 It was formerly known as a variety of "Caladenia carnea".
The European Federation for Animal Science or EAAP (French: Fédération Européenne de Zootechnie ; German: Europäische Vereinigung für Tierproduktion ; Italian: Federazione Europea di Zootecnia [sic]) is an international non-governmental organisation which aims to improve the farming of domestic animals.
 Membership is open to scientists, animal breeders and administrators.
 The association was founded in Paris in 1949, and has its headquarters in Rome, Italy.
 It was formerly known as the European Association for Animal Production.
Bone-mouth or Guzui (骨嘴, pinyin: "gǔ zuǐ"), literally means Bony Snout in Mandarin Chinese, is the original type of the Shar Pei dog breed.
 There are two varieties in Shar-Pei: a traditional type with fewer wrinkles, roof-tile muzzle, pointed tail, short hair (sandpaper coat), and a modified heavier muzzle (hippopotamus look) with meat padding on top and longer hair (brush coat).
 Breeders in China (particularly in Southern China, Hong Kong, Macau) commonly called the traditional type found originally in Dali (Dailek, Dailet), Namhoi City in Guangdong Province as the Bone-mouth (Bony-snout) because of its dry type of muzzle, and the latter development in the Western world as the Meat-mouth (Meaty-snout) because of its meaty type of muzzle with loose skin.
 Sharpei Club Hong Kong based its breed standard on the traditional bone-mouth standard.
 This Bone-mouth wiki refers to the standard of Sharpei Club Hong Kong, formerly known as F.C.I. standard 309/1994.
