The 1958 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State University in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1958 college football season.
 In their first season under head coach Frank Kush, the Sun Devils compiled a 7–3 record (3–1 against BIAA opponents) and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 271 to 131.
 Assistant Coaches were Cecil Coleman, Chuck Fairbanks, Paul Kemp, & Dick Tamburo.
 Arizona State's team captains were QB John Hangartner and RT Tom Ford.
 The Sun Devils finished (5-2) at home and (2-1) at home.
 One home game was played at Goodwin Stadium and six home games were played at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
The 1959 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State University in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1959 college football season.
 In their second season under head coach Frank Kush, the Sun Devils compiled a 10–1 record (5–0 against BIAA opponents), won the BIAA championship and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 272 to 151.
 Assistant Coaches were Chuck Fairbanks, Gene Felker, Paul Kemp, & Dick Tamburo.
 Arizona State's team captains were TE Karl Kiefer and WR Bill Spanko.
 The Sun Devils finished (7-0) at home and (3-1) on the road.
 All home games were played at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
The 1956 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State College (later renamed Arizona State University) in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1956 college football season.
 In their second season under head coach Dan Devine, the Sun Devils compiled a 9–1 record (2–1 against BIAA opponents) and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 306 to 83.
 Assistant Coaches were Tom Fletcher, Frank Kush, Al Onofrio, & Gordon Serr.
 Arizona State's team captain was WR Charlie Mackey.
 The Sun Devils finished (5-1) at home and (4-0) on the road.
 All home games were played at Goodwin Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
The 1955 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State College (later renamed Arizona State University) in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1955 college football season.
 In their first season under head coach Dan Devine, the Sun Devils compiled an 8–2–1 record (3–1 against BIAA opponents) and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 343 to 107.
 Assistant Coaches were Robert Carey, Tom Fletcher, Frank Kush, & Al Onofrio.
 Arizona State's team captains were FB Bob Sedlar & LT John Jankans.
 The Sun Devils finished (5-1) at home and (3-1-1) on the road.
 All home games were played at Goodwin Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
The 1951 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State College (later renamed Arizona State University) in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1951 college football season.
 In their first season under head coach Larry Siemering, the Sun Devils compiled a 6–3–1 record (3–1 against BIAA opponents) and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 308 to 176.
 The Sun Devils finished 4-2 at home and 2-1-1 on the road.
 Harold Brown and Bob White were assistant coaches.
 All home games were played at Goodwin Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
 Arizona State's team captain was quarterback Harold Self.
The 1960 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State University in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1960 college football season.
 In their third season under head coach Frank Kush, the Sun Devils compiled a 7–3 record (3–2 against BIAA opponents) and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 223 to 120.
 Assistant Coaches were Chuck Fairbanks, Gene Felker, Paul Kemp, & Dick Tamburo.
 Arizona State's team captains were HB Nolan Jones and C John Vucichevich.
 The Sun Devils finished (4-2) at home and (3-1) on the road.
 All home games were played at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
The 1954 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State College (later renamed Arizona State University) in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1954 college football season.
 In their third and final season under head coach Clyde B. Smith, the Sun Devils compiled an 5-5 record (3–1 against BIAA opponents) and were outscored by their opponents 228 to 178.
 Assistant Coaches were Gene Fetter, Tom Fletcher, & Bob White.
 Arizona State's team captain was QB Dick Mackey.
 The Sun Devils finished (3-3) at home and (2-2) on the road.
 All home games were played at Goodwin Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
The 1961 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State University in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1961 college football season.
 In their fourth season under head coach Frank Kush, the Sun Devils compiled a 7–3 record (3–1 against BIAA opponents), won the BIAA championship, and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 287 to 163.
 Assistant Coaches were Chuck Fairbanks, Gene Felker, Bill Kajikawa, Paul Kemp, & Dick Tamburo.
 Arizona State's team captains were LG Dick Locke and C Fred Rhoades.
 The Sun Devils finished (4-2) at home and (3-1) on the road.
 All home games were played at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
The Arizona State Sun Devils football team represents Arizona State University in the sport of American football.
 The Sun Devils team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12).
 Arizona State University has fielded a football team since 1897 and has an all-time record of 600-382-24 (a .608 winning percentage).
 The Sun Devils are currently led by head coach Todd Graham and play their home games at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
 The Sun Devils have won seventeen conference titles, including three Pac-12 titles.
The 1952 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State College (later renamed Arizona State University) in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1952 college football season.
 In their first season under head coach Clyde B. Smith, the Sun Devils compiled a 6–3 record (4–0 against BIAA opponents) and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 247 to 121.
 Assistant Coaches were Harold Brown and Bob White.
 All home games were played at Goodwin Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.
 The Sun Devils finished (4-3) at home and (2-0) on the road.
 ASC finished in 1st place of the Border Conference in 1952.
 Arizona State's team captain was C Virgil Savage.
