Margaret Evelyn "Maggie" Simpson is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 She first appeared on television in the "Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.
 Maggie was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office.
 She received her first name from Groening's youngest sister.
 After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three years, the Simpson family was given their own series on the Fox Broadcasting Company which debuted December 17, 1989.
Marjorie Jacqueline "Marge" Simpson (née Bouvier) is a fictional character in the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons" and part of the eponymous family.
 She is voiced by Julie Kavner and first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.
 Marge was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office.
 Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on "Life in Hell" but instead decided to create a new set of characters.
 He named the character after his mother Margaret Groening.
 After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three seasons, the Simpson family received their own series on Fox, which debuted December 17, 1989.
Homer Jay Simpson is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the American animated television series "The Simpsons" as the patriarch of the eponymous family.
 He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television, along with the rest of his family, in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.
 Homer was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office.
 Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic strip "Life in Hell" but instead decided to create a new set of characters.
 He named the character after his father, Homer Groening.
 After appearing for three seasons on "The Tracey Ullman Show", the Simpson family got their own series on Fox that debuted December 17, 1989.
"The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" is the tenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season.
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 3, 1995.
 As the title suggests, it is the 138th episode and the third clip show episode of "The Simpsons", after "" and "Another Simpsons Clip Show".
 While the "138th Episode Spectacular" compiles sequences from episodes throughout the entire series like the previous two, it also shows clips from the original Simpsons shorts from "The Tracey Ullman Show" and other previously unaired material.
 Like the Halloween specials, the episode is considered non-canon and falls outside of the show's regular continuity.
Politics is a common theme in the animated television series "The Simpsons", and this phenomenon has had some crossover with real American politics.
 U.S. conservatives voiced opposition to the show early in its run, when it was still controversial for its crude humor and irreverent take on family values.
 Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush said that the U.S. needed to be closer to "The Waltons" than to "The Simpsons".
 The show's admitted slant towards liberalism has been joked about in episodes such as "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular", in which a reference is made to "hundreds of radical right-wing messages inserted into every show by creator Matt Groening".
 More recently, however, conservative bloggers and commentators have enthusiastically promoted cultural memes from the series, such as Groundskeeper Willie's derisive term for the French, "cheese-eating surrender monkeys".
The Simpsons shorts are an American animated TV series of 48 one-minute shorts that ran on the variety television program "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three seasons, before the characters spun off into "The Simpsons", their own half-hour prime-time show.
 It features Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie.
 The series was created by Matt Groening, who designed the Simpson family and wrote many of the shorts.
 The shorts first aired on April 19, 1987 starting with "Good Night".
 The final short to air was "TV Simpsons", originally airing on May 14, 1989.
 "The Simpsons" later debuted on December 17, 1989, as an independent series with the Christmas special "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire".
Troy McClure is a fictional character from the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
 He was voiced by Phil Hartman and first appeared in the second season episode "Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment".
 McClure is usually shown doing low-level work, such as hosting infomercials and educational films.
 He appears as the main character in "A Fish Called Selma", in which he marries Selma Bouvier to aid his failing career and quash rumors about his personal life.
 McClure also 'hosts' "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" and "The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase".
Lisa Marie Simpson is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
 She is the middle child and most intelligent of the Simpson family.
 Voiced by Yeardley Smith, Lisa first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.
 Cartoonist Matt Groening created and designed her while waiting to meet James L. Brooks.
 Groening had been invited to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic "Life in Hell", but instead decided to create a new set of characters.
 He named the elder Simpson daughter after his younger sister Lisa Groening.
 After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three years, the Simpson family were moved to their own series on Fox, which debuted on December 17, 1989.
Bartholomew JoJo "Bart" Simpson is a fictional character in the American animated television series "The Simpsons" and part of the Simpson family.
 He is voiced by Nancy Cartwright and first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.
 Cartoonist Matt Groening created and designed Bart while waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office.
 Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic strip, "Life in Hell", but instead decided to create a new set of characters.
 While the rest of the characters were named after Groening's family members, Bart's name is an anagram of the word "brat".
 After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three years, the Simpson family received its own series on Fox, which debuted December 17, 1989.
"Good Night" (also known as "Good Night Simpsons") is the first of forty-eight Simpsons shorts that appeared on the variety show "The Tracey Ullman Show".
 It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 19, 1987, during the third episode of "The Tracey Ullman Show" and marks the first appearance of the Simpson family — Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie — on television.
 After three seasons on Tracey Ullman, the shorts would be adapted into the animated show "The Simpsons".
 "Good Night" has since been aired on the show in the episode "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" (in its entirety), along with several other Ullman shorts, and is one of the few shorts to ever be released on DVD, being included in the Season 1 DVD set.
