Marvel One-Shots are a series of direct-to-video short films produced by Marvel Studios, set within the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), released from 2011 to 2014.
 They are included as special features in the MCU films' Blu-ray and digital distribution releases, but are not included in the DVD releases.
 Each of the films, which range from 4 to 15 minutes, are designed to be a self-contained story that provides more backstory for characters or events introduced in the films.
 Two of the shorts have been the inspiration for television series set in the MCU.
The Nestor Film Company, originally known as the Nestor Motion Picture Company, is a defunct American motion picture production company.
 It was founded in 1909 as the West Coast production unit of the Centaur Film Company located in Bayonne, New Jersey.
 On October 27, 1911, Nestor established the first permanent motion picture studio in Hollywood, California, and produced the first Hollywood films.
 The company merged with its distributor, the Universal Film Manufacturing Company, on May 20, 1912.
 Nestor became a brand name Universal used until at least mid-1917.
Charles Evans Jr. is an American film producer and documentary film director.
 He produced Johnny Depp's first directorial effort, "The Brave".
 He was one of four producers on the 2004 Howard Hughes biopic "The Aviator", although his production credit was controversial.
 Evans is the nephew of former motion picture studio executive Robert Evans, and the son of fashion industry executive and motion picture producer Charles Evans.
The institution that is now the LDS Motion Picture Studios began as the BYU Motion Picture Studio in 1953, and led by Wetzel Whitaker.
 It was originally located in a building called the Green Barn where the Ernest L. Wilkinson Center on Brigham Young University (BYU) Campus is now located.
Marvel Studios, LLC (originally known as Marvel Films from 1993 to 1996) is an American motion picture studio based at The Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California and is a subsidiary of Walt Disney Studios, itself a wholly owned division of The Walt Disney Company, with film producer Kevin Feige serving as president.
 Previously, the studio was a subsidiary of Marvel Entertainment until The Walt Disney Company reorganized the companies in August 2015.
Televisa San Ángel (originally Estudios y Laboratorios San Ángel, S.A.) is a film and television studio located in Mexico City.
 It was originally built by Jorge Stahl as a motion picture studio, and in the 1970s would be sold to the Azcárraga family, which, through ownership of the Televisa networks, continues to own the studios.
 It is the headquarters facility of the Centro de Educación Artística (CEA) and the Videocine (formerly Televicine) motion picture production and distribution company.
 The network's Centro de Post Produccion is also housed at San Ángel.
 Moreover, it is best known as a motion picture and television studio.
 It is the oldest movie and television production facility in Mexico and the most famous telenovela studio facility in Latin America.
 It was one of the four main Mexican film studios along with Estudios Churubusco, Estudios América, and Estudios Tepeyac.
Phillip "Phil" Coulson is a character portrayed by Clark Gregg in the films and television series of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
 A high-ranking member of the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D., he first appeared in the 2008 film "Iron Man", the first film in the MCU.
 Gregg went on to appear in "Iron Man 2" (2010), "Thor" (2011), and "The Avengers" (2012).
 He additionally headlines the television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." (2013–), appears in two Marvel One-Shots (2011), has been featured in various tie-in comics, and appears in the digital series "" (2016), all set in the MCU.
 The character also appears in other media, including comics published by Marvel Comics.
Item 47 is a 2012 American direct-to-video short film featuring the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division), produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on the home media release of "Marvel's The Avengers".
 It is a follow up and spin-off of "The Avengers", and is the third film in the Marvel One-Shots short film series.
 The film is directed by Louis D'Esposito, with a screenplay by Eric Pearson, and is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
 It stars Lizzy Caplan, Jesse Bradford, Maximiliano Hernández, and Titus Welliver, with Hernández reprising his role from the film series.
 In "Item 47", two civilians come across a Chitauri gun and use it to commit crimes.
All Hail the King is a 2014 American direct-to-video short film featuring the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) character Trevor Slattery, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on the home media release of "".
 It is a follow up and spin-off of "Iron Man 3", and is the fifth film in the Marvel One-Shots short film series.
 The film is written and directed by Drew Pearce, and is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
 It stars Ben Kingsley, Scoot McNairy, Lester Speight, and Sam Rockwell, with Kingsley reprising his role from "Iron Man 3", and Rockwell reprising his role from "Iron Man 2".
 In "All Hail the King", a documentary filmmaker interviews the infamous fake terrorist Trevor Slattery from behind bars.
Solax Studios was an American motion picture studio founded in 1910 by executives from the Gaumont Film Company of France.
 Alice Guy-Blaché, her husband Herbert, and a third partner, George A. Magie, established The Solax Company.
 Alice Guy-Blaché was artistic director and the director for many of its films, while her husband Herbert Blaché managed production for the new company.
 They took over the studio Gaumont had built in Flushing, New York in 1908 for the production of Chronophone sound films, a venture which proved unsuccessful for Gaumont.
 Solax produced silent films in Flushing from October 1910 to the summer of 1912.
 Prospering, Solax invested more than $100,000 in a modern production plant in 1912 in Fort Lee, New Jersey, which had become the center of America's first motion picture industry.
