Cladosporium is a genus of fungi including some of the most common indoor and outdoor molds. Species produce olive-green to brown or black colonies, and have dark-pigmented conidia that are formed in simple or branching chains.
 Many species of "Cladosporium" are commonly found on living and dead plant material.
 Some species are plant pathogens, others parasitize other fungi.
 "Cladosporium" spores are wind-dispersed and they are often extremely abundant in outdoor air.
 Indoors "Cladosporium" species may grow on surfaces when moisture is present. "
Cladosporium fulvum", cause of tomato leaf mould, has been an important genetic model, in that the genetics of host resistance are understood.
 In the 1960s, it was estimated that the genus "Cladosporium" contained around 500 plant-pathogenic and saprotrophic species, but this number has since been increased to over 772 species.
 The genus "Cladosporium" is closely related to black yeasts in the order Dothideales.
 "Cladosporium" species are often highly osmotolerant, growing easily on media containing 10% glucose or 12–17% NaCl.
 They are rarely grown on media containing 24% NaCl or 50% glucose and never isolated from medium with 32% NaCl or greater.
 Most species have very fragile spore chains, making it extremely difficult to prepare a mount for microscopic observation in which the conidial chains are preserved intact.
Eimeria is a genus of apicomplexan parasites that includes various species capable of causing the disease coccidiosis in animals such as cattle, poultry, and smaller ruminants including sheep and goats. "Eimeria" species are considered to be monoxenous because the life cycle is completed within a single host, and stenoxenous because they tend to be host specific, although a number of exceptions have been identified.
 Species of this genus infect a wide variety of hosts.
 Thirty-one species are known to occur in bats (Chiroptera), two in turtles, and 130 named species infect fish.
 Two species ("E. phocae" and "E. weddelli") infect seals.
 Five species infect llamas and alpacas: "E. alpacae", "E. ivitaensis", "E. lamae", "E. macusaniensis", and "E. punonensis".
 A number of species infect rodents, including "E. couesii", "E. kinsellai", "E. palustris", "E. ojastii" and "E. oryzomysi".
 Others infect poultry ("E. necatrix" and "E. tenella"), rabbits ("E. stiedae") and cattle ("E. bovis", "E. ellipsoidalis", and "E. zuernii").
 For full species list, see below.
Aneurophyton is a genus of extinct vascular plants that belong to the Aneurophytales, a class of progymnosperms.
 The genus is primarily known from records of two well-known species found in mostly Middle Devonian and Upper Devonian (late Eifelian to Famennian) outcrops in Belgium, China (West Junggar), Germany, and the United States (New York).
 Some uncertain species within the genus are also recorded from Middle Devonian outcrops in Kazakhstan, Russia (Timan and Siberia), and the Ukraine.
 While a number of species have been described in the paleobotanical literature, the genus likely only contains two well-circumscribed species, "A. germanicum" and "A. doui", and possibly a third species, "A. olnense", from Fammenian outcrops in Belgium.
 If the ages of the Early Devonian (Emsian) records of "A. germanicum" reported from Siberia are confirmed, these would constitute the oldest records of this genus.
Naultinus is a genus of geckos.
 It is one of two genera of geckos that are endemic to New Zealand, the other genus being "Hoplodactylus".
 On account of their striking colouration, species in the genus "Naultinus" are commonly known as green geckos.
 There are eight described species in the genus, while another species from the North Island is awaiting formal scientific description.
 Species in the genus share a number of traits that set them apart as quite different from the rest of the world's two thousand odd gecko species, which are generally brown in colour, ovivaparous, short-lived and nocturnal.
 In contrast, "Naultinus" are green (with the exceptions of males in two South Island species which exhibit sexual dimorphism in colouration), ovovivaparous, live up to 30 years or more and are strictly diurnal.
 New Zealand has a temperate, maritime climate, and in terms of distribution "Naultinus" is one of the southern-most gecko genera in the world — some species live in habitats in the South Island which receive regular snowfall in winter.
 Animals in this genus possess several physiological and behavioural adaptations to cope with these periods of low temperatures and adverse weather.
Stygobromus is a genus of amphipod crustaceans that live in subterranean habitats.
 As well as a large number of species in North America, a smaller number of species are also known from Eurasia.
 Most of the North American species live in areas which were not covered by the Laurentide ice sheet, although a few species seem to have survived under the ice.
 A number of species are on the IUCN Red List as endangered species (EN) or vulnerable species (VU); all the listed species are endemic to the United States.
 One species, "S. lucifugus", is extinct.
 "Stygobromus" includes the following species:
In algebraic number theory, the genus field "G" of an algebraic number field "K" is the maximal abelian extension of "K" which is obtained by composing an absolutely abelian field with "K" and which is unramified at all finite primes of "K".
 The genus number of "K" is the degree ["G":"K"] and the genus group is the Galois group of "G" over "K".
Agabus is a large genus of predatory aquatic beetles in the family Dytiscidae, proposed in 1817 by William Elford Leach and named after Agabus, an early follower of Christianity.
 The adult beetles are moderate-sized, 5 to 14 mm long.
 The genus is primarily Holarctic in distribution, with only a few species known from the Afrotropic and Neotropic realms.
 Three species of "Agabus", namely "A. clypealis", "A. discicollis" and "A. hozgargantae" are endangered according to the IUCN Red List.
 The division into subgenera is not widely accepted.
 However, a number of species groups are recognized after the works of David J. Larson and Anders N. Nilsson.
 The genus is probably polyphyletic or paraphyletic.
 In a recent study of mitochondrial DNA, "Agabus" was found paraphyletic with respect to several of the species groups of "Platambus", a closely related genus in the tribe Agabini.
 Lately the taxonomy of the genus has been revised, and some groups of species were transferred from "Agabus" "sensu stricto" to other genera in the tribe Agabini.
Lavatera is a genus of about 25 species of flowering plants in the family Malvaceae, native to the Mediterranean region, central and eastern Asia, North America (California and Mexico) and Australia.
 A number of species are naturalized in North America.
Malva is a genus of about 25–30 species of herbaceous annual, biennial, and perennial plants in the family Malvaceae (of which it is the type genus), one of several closely related genera in the family to bear the common English name mallow.
 The genus is widespread throughout the temperate, subtropical and tropical regions of Africa, Asia and Europe.
 The word "mallow" is derived from Old English "malwe", which was imported from Latin "malva", cognate with Ancient Greek μαλάχη (malakhē) meaning "mallow", both perhaps reflecting a Mediterranean term.
 A number of species, previously considered to belong to "Lavatera", have been moved to "Malva".
Oplismenus is a small genus of annual or perennial grasses, commonly known as basketgrass, found throughout the tropics, subtropics, and in some cases, temperate regions of the Americas, Africa, Asia, and Australia.
 The systematics of the genus are unclear, with over 100 described species, only 7 species are officially recognized as of October 2015.
