The Robert W. Hamilton House is a historic house located at 203 S. 13th St. in Murphysboro, Illinois.
 The house was built in 1867 for Robert W. Hamilton, a Civil War veteran who served as circuit clerk of Jackson County and postmaster of Carbondale.
 The house is designed in the Carpenter Gothic style and is one of two remaining Carpenter Gothic residences in Jackson County.
 The front porch of the house is supported by four posts, which are linked at the top by trefoil arches.
 A steep dormer with ornamental bargeboards tops the porch.
 The opposite side of the front facade features a second-floor balcony with a quatrefoil-patterned railing.
 The gable end atop the balcony also features ornamental bargeboards.
Robert W. (Bob) Mattson Jr. (born May 31, 1948) is an American lawyer who held elective political office in Minnesota, and is also involved in various business ventures in Florida, Colorado and Canada.
 He served one term as Minnesota State Auditor from 1975 to 1979, and was Minnesota State Treasurer from 1983 to 1987.
 He is a member of the Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party.
 His father was Minnesota Attorney General Robert W. Mattson Sr.
The Robert W. Gordon "Inferno" Collection is about 200 pages of original and typescript copies of correspondence and letters that were separated from the main collection of the Archive of Folk Song, Library of Congress, by Robert W. Gordon, first head of the folklife department in the Library of Congress, or a third party, due to their bawdy and scatological subject matter.
 In January 1974, Debora Kodish, folklorist and founder of the Philadelphia Folklore Project, prepared a 14-page index to the collection that lists informant, date, location and title of the texts.
Robert Walter McElroy (born February 5, 1954) is a Roman Catholic prelate and bishop.
 From 2010 through 2015 he was auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of San Francisco, California.
 In 2015, he became the sixth Bishop of the San Diego Diocese.
 McElroy was educated by the Jesuits and writes for their official publication in the United States, "America".
The Robert W. Woodruff Professorships are endowed professorships at Emory University, named for philanthropist Robert W. Woodruff.
 The chairs are Emory University's "most distinguished academic appointments [...] reserved for world-class scholars who are not only proven leaders of their own fields of specialty but also ambitious bridge-builders across specialty disciplines."
The Robert W. Williams Plantation was a small cotton plantation located in of approximately 800 acre located in northern Leon County, Florida, U.S. established by Robert W. Williams.
Texas Monthly is a monthly American magazine headquartered in Downtown Austin, Texas.
 "Texas Monthly" was founded in 1973 by Michael R. Levy and has been published by Emmis Publishing, L.P. since 1998 and now owned by Genesis Park, LP.
 "Texas Monthly" chronicles life in contemporary Texas, writing on politics, the environment, industry, and education.
 The magazine also covers leisure topics such as music, art, dining, and travel.
 It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).
Mary Caruthers Scales (September 24, 1928 - October 6, 2013) was a professor, civic leader, and funeral home owner.
 She was the first black faculty member at Middle Tennessee State University where she taught in the College of Education, and became associate dean there.
 Prior to this she had been a school teacher at Bradley and Bellwood schools.
 She was later elected to the Murfreesboro City School Board, and to the Murfreeboro City Council as the first African-American female councilperson.
 Scales Elementary School in Murfreesboro, Tennessee is named in honor of her and her husband, Robert W. Scales.
 Her husband, Robert W. Scales was the first African-American elected to the Murfreesboro City Council and first African-American Vice-Mayor of the city.
Burholme Park is a public park in the Burholme neighborhood of Philadelphia.
 The park and the Robert W. Ryerss Museum and Library was a gift of the last descendant of the Ryerss family, prominent Philadelphians.
 Robert W. Ryerss died on Feb. 18, 1895 at age 65, leaving his estate to Mary Reed, his wife of eight months and the head housekeeper of the Ryerss Mansion for 27 years.
 He left everything to her on the condition that upon her death the best part of his land and much of his estate would be left to the “People of Philadelphia, forever” as a museum and public lending library.
 Mary Reed Ryerss spent the rest of her life traveling around the world collecting objects for the museum and planning for the library and park.
Novi magazin (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови магазин, English: "New Magazine") is a Serbian-language weekly print news magazine headquartered in Belgrade.
 It features original articles on social, economic, and political topics, with the editorial policy described as "moderately critical [of the Serbian government] and pro-European".
 The magazine was founded in 2011.
