"Heaven Knows" is a rock song performed by English rock singer Robert Plant.
 It was the first single to be released from his 1988 album "Now and Zen".
 It reached number 33 on the UK singles chart and number 1 on the "Billboard" Album Rock Tracks chart.
 It was Plant's third number-one rock song, following 1983's "Other Arms" and 1985's "Little by Little."
10 H.M. (Short for 10 Hronia Mazi, Greek: "10 Χρόνια Μαζί"; English: "10 Years Together") is an album released by Greek singer Despina Vandi starting on December 6, 2007.
 It is her 12th album from the beginning of her career, and her 10th album with Phoebus.
 It is also her first studio album of new material since her 2004 release of "Stin Avli Tou Paradisou".
 The album is dedicated to the 10-year collaboration with Phoebus and features a track of the same name.
 The album is a triple CD, with the first CD containing pop/rock songs, the second CD containing Modern Laika songs and third CD containing new remixes of older songs.
 The album is completely written and produced by Phoebus and released by Heaven Music.
 The main sponsor is WIND Hellas.
Mark Britten is an American comedian from Arlington, Texas, whose chosen stage name is "The Chinaman".
 Born of a Chinese-American mother and a Caucasian father, his act employs material from his "dysfunctional background" and skews ethnic stereotypes of all kinds.
 He has been a performing stand-up comic for ten years, and is known for his voice impersonations, parodies of rock singers and other vocalists and biting anecdotes about the foibles of ethnic and cultural stereotypes. "
The Austin Chronicle" describes him as "a rock star trapped in a comic’s body."
 He is a member of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.
Stranger in Town is the tenth studio album by American rock singer Bob Seger and his second with the Silver Bullet Band, released by Capitol Records in May 1978 (see 1978 in music).
 Like its predecessor, the Silver Bullet Band backed Seger on about half of the songs and the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section backed Seger on the other half.
Gary Francis Caine Cherone ( ; born July 26, 1961) is an American rock singer and songwriter.
 He is best known for his work as the lead vocalist of the Boston rock group Extreme, as well as his short stint as the lead vocalist for Van Halen on their 11th album "Van Halen III" and subsequent tour.
 In recent years he has released solo recordings.
 In 2007, he reunited with Extreme.
Ride Out is the seventeenth studio album by American rock singer–songwriter Bob Seger.
 The album was released on October 14, 2014.
 Although Seger had previously stated that this may be his final album, a followup album entitled "I Knew You When" will be released on November 17, 2017.
Robert Clark Seger ( , born May 6, 1945) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and pianist.
 As a locally successful Detroit-area artist, he performed and recorded as Bob Seger and the Last Heard and Bob Seger System throughout the 1960s.
 By the early 1970s, he had dropped the 'System' from his recordings and continued to strive for broader success with various other bands.
 In 1973, he put together the Silver Bullet Band, with a group of Detroit-area musicians, with whom he became most successful on the national level with the album "Live Bullet" (1976), recorded live with the Silver Bullet Band in 1975 at Cobo Hall in Detroit, Michigan.
 In 1976, he achieved a national breakout with the studio album "Night Moves".
 On his studio albums, he also worked extensively with the Alabama-based Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section, which appeared on several of Seger's best-selling singles and albums.
The discography of Anggun consists of ten studio albums, two soundtrack albums, three greatest hits albums, seven single compilations, thirty-eight singles and twenty music videos.
 Anggun began performing at the age of seven and recorded a children's album two years later.
 Her debut studio album, "Dunia Aku Punya", was released in 1986 under Billboard Indonesia, but did not achieve commercial success.
 Anggun's popularity was later established after the success of the single "Mimpi", which was listed as one of the 150 Greatest Indonesian Songs of All Time.
 With the release of subsequent singles and three more studio albums— "Anak Putih Abu Abu", "Nocturno" and "Anggun C. Sasmi... Lah!!!
"—Anggun became one of the most successful Indonesian rock singers in the early 1990s.
 In 1993, she became the youngest Indonesian singer to found her own record company, Bali Cipta Records.
 By the age of nineteen, Anggun had sold over four million albums in Indonesia.
Freudiana was to be the 11th album by The Alan Parsons Project, but during its development, Eric Woolfson had creative differences with Alan Parsons, and decided to turn the album into a rock opera.
 It was released as simply "Freudiana," and is known as the "unofficial" Alan Parsons Project album, and considered by APP fans to really be their 11th album.
 Alan Parsons later continued as a solo artist with his 1993 album "Try Anything Once", which was musically in a direction more or less continued from that of 1987's "Gaudi".
Against the Wind is the eleventh album by American rock singer Bob Seger and his fourth with the Silver Bullet Band.
 It was released in February 1980.
 It is Seger's only number-one album to date, spending six weeks at the top of the "Billboard" Top LPs chart, knocking Pink Floyd's "The Wall" from the top spot.
