The Hudson Reporter is a newspaper chain based in Hudson County, New Jersey.
 It is the only weekly newspaper chain in Hudson County and one of only two newspaper companies in this busy metropolitan area.
 "The Hudson Reporter" publications focus on local politics and community news.
 In addition to articles written by the staff, the papers print readers' letters to the editor.
 The oldest newspaper in the chain is the "Hoboken Reporter", founded in 1983.
The Grand Central Parkway (GCP) is a 14.61-mile (23.51 km) long parkway that stretches from the Triborough Bridge in New York City to Nassau County on Long Island.
 At the Queens–Nassau border, it becomes the Northern State Parkway, which runs across the northern part of Long Island through Nassau County and into Suffolk County, where it ends in Hauppauge.
 The westernmost stretch (from the Triborough Bridge to exit 4) also carries a short stretch of Interstate 278 (I-278).
 The parkway runs through Queens and passes the Cross Island Parkway, Long Island Expressway, LaGuardia Airport and Citi Field, home of the New York Mets.
 The parkway is designated New York State Route 907M (NY 907M), an unsigned reference route.
 Despite its name, the Grand Central Parkway was not named after Grand Central Terminal.
Anton Media Group, formerly Anton Community Newspapers, and also known by its legal name Long Island Community Newspapers, Inc. is a print media company based in Mineola, NY on Long Island in Nassau County and produces 17 weekly newspapers in Nassau County as well as "Long Island Weekly" and special sections such as Healthy Living, Camp & School, and Dining Guides.
 Anton Community Newspapers is one of the largest privately owned newspaper companies in New York State.
The Nassau Herald is a weekly newspaper serving the Five Towns communities of Nassau County – Lawrence, Woodmere, Hewlett, Cedarhurst, Inwood and Atlantic Beach.
 It is part of the Long Island Herald newspaper chain, which includes The Jewish Star and The Oyster Bay Guardian is owned by Richner Communications, and covers Nassau County, New York.
The outer barrier, also known as the Long Island and New York City barrier islands, refers to the string of barrier islands that divide the lagoons south of Long Island, New York from the Atlantic Ocean.
 These islands include Coney Island, Long Beach Barrier Island, Island Park, Jones Beach Island, Fire Island and Westhampton Island.
 The outer barrier extends 75 mi along the South Shore of Long Island, from Rockaway Beach on the New York City/Nassau County border from Long Beach Barrier Islands' western edge, to Suffolk County's east end of Shinnecock Bay.
Old Country Road is a major east–west thoroughfare through central Nassau County and extending into western Suffolk County on Long Island, New York.
 It serves many of the major shopping centers in central Nassau County including Roosevelt Field Mall.
 The road also forms part of the border between the towns of Hempstead and North Hempstead.
 In Nassau County, Old Country Road is county-maintained as the unsigned County Route 25 (CR 25) west of Round Swamp Road.
New York State Route 108 (NY 108) is a 1.72 mi north–south state highway located on the Suffolk County side of the Suffolk–Nassau county line on Long Island, New York, in the United States.
 It is a spur route connecting NY 25A in Cold Spring Harbor to the Cold Spring Harbor station on the Long Island Rail Road's Port Jefferson Branch via Harbor Road.
 Harbor Road terminates at an intersection with Woodbury Road, on the Nassau County line, which carries County Route 11 to the east and unsigned County Route 12 to the west.
 NY 108, assigned in the early 1930s, is the shortest state highway on Long Island.
The Nassau Inter-County Express (NICE or NICE Bus) is the local bus system serving Nassau County, New York.
 It also serves parts of western Suffolk County, New York as well as eastern portions of the New York City borough of Queens.
 It was formerly operated under the name of "MTA Long Island Bus", the trading name of the "Metropolitan Suburban Bus Authority", a division of MTA Regional Bus Operations.
 In 2011, the owner, Nassau County, decided to outsource the system to a private operator, the French multinational corporation, Veolia Transport (now Transdev), due to a funding dispute with the MTA.
Floral Park is an incorporated village in Nassau County, New York, United States, on Long Island.
 The neighborhood of Floral Park in the New York City borough of Queens, is adjacent to the village.
 The village is at the western border of Nassau County, and is located mainly in the Town of Hempstead, while the section north of Jericho Turnpike is within the Town of North Hempstead.
 The population as of the US Census of 2010 is 15,863.
The Long Island Electric Railway was a streetcar company operating in Brooklyn, Queens, and Nassau County, New York, United States between 1894 and 1926.
 The company was partially owned by the Long Island Consolidated Electric Companies, a holding company for the Long Island Rail Road and partially by August Belmont and the Interborough Rapid Transit Company.
 It connected the east end of the Fulton Street El at Crescent Street station in City Line, Brooklyn with Jamaica, Queens, and ran from there to the Nassau County line at Queens Village and to Far Rockaway, Queens via Nassau County.
 It also had a connection to Belmont Park.
 The New York and Long Island Traction Company used trackage rights over its line from Crescent Street to Queens Village.
