Russians (Russian: русские , "russkiye") are an East Slavic ethnic group native to Eastern Europe.
 The majority of Russians inhabit the nation state of Russia, while notable minorities exist in other former Soviet states such as Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and Belarus.
 A large Russian diaspora exists all over the world, with notable numbers in the United States, Germany, Israel, and Canada.
 Russians are the most numerous ethnic group in Europe.
Salala is an "a capella" vocal trio from the south of Madagascar.
 They perform a contemporary form of the traditional "beko" genre, which originates from the island's southern interior.
 In contrast to the traditional beko, a spiritual chant sung at funerals to honor the life of the deceased, Salala adapted the harmonies and style of the genre while shedding the religious purpose of the music by focusing the subject of their songs on matters of daily life.
 The group was founded by one of the singers, M'Bassa, in 1983, with singer Senge and a friend.
 All three performers belong to the southern Antandroy ethnic group and originate from a small village near Taolagnaro.
 Over the next ten years, the group gained in popularity in Madagascar, eventually winning the "Gasitsara Media Prize" for Best Band of the Year.
 Their first major domestic hit was "Salakao Raho Ene".
 The group went on to perform the Africolor music festival in 1994, where they were well received.
 In 1995 they recorded their first album, "Salala", and were selected to represent the Indian Ocean states at the "Découvertes du Printemps de Bourges" tour, performing at 25 venues across France and Germany with Oumou Sangaré.
 After this success, the group's bass vocalist, Senge, launched a solo career, eventually teaming up with two other singers to lead his own trio, while still performing and recording with Salala.
 The band toured Africa in 1996, visiting the Seychelles, Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda, Malawi, Zambia, Namibia and South Africa.
 They performed at the third Jeux de la Francophonie in Madagascar in 1997 and toured Singapore in 1998.
 In 1999, Salala toured Reunion island with Granmoun Lélé.
Lithuanians (Lithuanian: "lietuviai" , singular "lietuvis/lietuvė") are a Baltic ethnic group, native to Lithuania, where they number around 2,561,300 people.
 Another million or more make up the Lithuanian diaspora, largely found in countries such as the United States, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Russia, United Kingdom and Ireland.
 Their native language is Lithuanian, one of only two surviving members of the Baltic language family.
 According to the census conducted in 2001, 83.45% of the population of Lithuania identified themselves as Lithuanians, 6.74% as Poles, 6.31% as Russians, 1.23% as Belarusians, and 2.27% as members of other ethnic groups.
 Most Lithuanians belong to the Roman Catholic Church, while the Lietuvininkai who lived in the northern part of East Prussia prior to World War II, were mostly Evangelical Lutherans.
Zeila & Lughaya State, or Saylac & Lughaya State, officially the Zeila & Lughaya State of Somalia, (Somali: "Maamul Goboleedka Saylac & Lughaya ee Soomaaliya" ), is a region in northwestern Somalia.
 Saylac and Lughaya State was formed in 2011, claiming to be a federal state of Somalia.
 "Zeila State" was proclaimed first.
 It later united with Lugayhe to form the "State of Sayla and Lugayhe".
 The territory has a total area of 8,639 km.
 Its main city is Zeila, which is situated on the coast.
 Lughaya, Asha Addo, Harirad, Jidhi and Lawyacado are the other principal cities in the region.
 Most residents of the region belong to the Somali ethnic group, with the Issa especially well-represented.
Italian Americans (Italian: "italoamericani "or" italo-americani" ] ) are an ethnic group consisting of Americans who have full or partial ancestry from Italy.
 Italian Americans are the fourth largest European ethnic group in the United States (not including American ethnicity, an ethnonym used by many in the United States; overall, Italian Americans rank seventh, behind German American, Irish American, African American, English American, American, and Mexican American).
.
The Bemba (or 'BaBemba' using the Ba- prefix to mean 'people of', and also called 'Awemba' or 'BaWemba' in the past) belong to a large group of Bantu peoples mainly in the Northern province, Luapula and Copperbelt Provinces of Zambia who trace their origins to the Luba and Lunda states of the upper Congo basin, in what became Katanga Province in southern Congo-Kinshasa (DRC).
 They are one of the larger ethnic group in Zambia.
 (A few other tribes in the Northern, Luapula and Copperbelt provinces of Zambia speak languages that are similar to Bemba but are not the same (E.g. Lamba, Mambwe, Bisa etc.).
 Bemba history is a major historical phenomenon in the development of chieftainship in a large and culturally homogeneous region of central Africa.
The indigenous languages of Malaysia belong to the Mon-Khmer and Malayo-Polynesian families.
 The national, or official, language is Malay which is the mother tongue of the majority Malay ethnic group, however English may take preference in many settings and is spoken by the majority of the population.
 The main ethnic groups within Malaysia comprise the Malays, Chinese and Indians, with many other ethnic groups represented in smaller numbers, each with its own languages.
 The largest native languages spoken in East Malaysia are the Iban, Dusunic, and the Kadazan languages.
 English is widely understood and spoken in service industries and is a compulsory subject in primary and secondary school.
 It is also the main language spoken in most private colleges and universities.
 English may take precedence over Malay in certain official contexts as provided for by the National Language Act, especially in the states of Sabah and Sarawak, where it may be the official working language.
Gen. Gharzai Khwakhuzhi (Pashto: غرضی خواخوږی‎ ), son of late.
 ustad Mohammad Ibraheem Khwakhuzhi (poet, writer, journalist, politician and a leadership member of the Weesh Zalmyan movement as well as Progressive Democratic Party of Afghanistan under the leadership of late.
 Mohammad Hashim Maiwandwal) original resident of Kandahar born in Kabul on 29 May 1962 belongs to Baloch ethnic group.
Irish Travellers (Irish: "an lucht siúil" ) also called pavees or pejoratively referred to as tinkers, pikeys, and gypsies, are a traditionally itinerant ethnic group who maintain a set of traditions.
 Although predominantly English-speaking, some also use Shelta and other similar cants.
 They live mostly in Ireland as well as having large numbers in the United Kingdom and in the United States.
 Their origin is disputed.
 Traveller rights groups have long pushed for ethnic status from the Irish government, finally succeeding in 2017.
Ethnic succession theory is a theory in sociology stating that ethnic and racial groups entering a new area may settle in older neighborhoods or urban areas until achieving economic parity with certain economic classes.
 The concept of succession is well established in "both ecological and economic models of urban residential change."
 As the newer group becomes economically successful, it moves to a better residential area.
 With continued immigration, a new ethnic group will settle in the older neighborhood in a similar starting situation.
 This pattern will continue, creating a succession of groups moving through the neighborhood (and city) over time.
 Ethnic succession has taken place in most major United States cities, but is most well known in New York City, where this process has been observed since the 19th century.
