Michael Lent is a mixed media writer and producer based in Los Angeles.
 He is best known as the co-writer of "On Thin Ice", the memoirs of Hugh Rowland, one of the stars of the long-running series Ice Road Truckers.
Kenneth Edgar "Kenny" Wormald (born July 27, 1984) is an American dancer, reality television star and actor.
 His best known role to date is perhaps as Ren McCormack in the 2011 remake of 1984's "Footloose".
 Wormald was a regular on the MTV reality television series "Dancelife" in 2007.
The Fashion Show: Ultimate Collection (originally styled as The Fashion Show) is an American reality television series which premiered on May 7, 2009, on the Bravo cable network.
 The show focuses on fashion design and featured hosts fashion designer Isaac Mizrahi and supermodel Iman.
 The contestants competed against each other to create the best clothes and were restricted in time, materials, and theme, with the resulting designs judged and one or more designers eliminated each week.
 The show was originally co-hosted by singer Kelly Rowland, however, she was replaced by Iman in Season 2.
PrankStars was a 2011 American 6-episode reality television series that aired monthly and employed the use of a hidden camera.
 The series premiered on Disney Channel on July 15, 2011, and was hosted by "Pair of Kings" and "Hannah Montana" star, Mitchel Musso.
 The television program portrayed scenarios in which children and teenagers met their favorite stars in "unpredictable and humorous" settings that had been engineered by their friends and family.
 The show was Disney Channel's first reality series since the "Totally in Tune" show.
 In Canada, Family Channel aired two episodes of "PrankStars" on September 30, 2011, and a total of four episodes were originally supposed to broadcast before the series was withdrawn.
 The fourth episode aired a day before Musso's mid-October 2011 arrest on a charge of driving while intoxicated (and subsequent removal from the cast of "Pair of Kings"), and the remaining two episodes premiered solely in the United Kingdom and Latin America, they premiered in the U.S. in November 2016 on Disney XD.
Total Drama Presents: The Ridonculous Race (also known as "Total Drama: Ridonculous Race", or simply "The Ridonculous Race") is a Canadian animated reality television series which lampoons the conventions commonly found in reality television.
 The show is a spin-off of the original "Total Drama" series created in 2007 and the second series created as part of the overall franchise.
 The series is created by Fresh TV Inc. and distributed by Cake Entertainment and airs on Cartoon Network in North America.
 The series premiered in the United States on September 7, 2015, and then began airing in Canada on January 4, 2016.
 It also aired on ABC3 in Australia, starting December 12, 2015.
 Like the original series, this series consists of 26 episodes per season.
Gulder Ultimate Search (also called GUS) is a Nigerian reality television series, created and sponsored by Nigerian Breweries Plc to promote the Gulder Lager Beer.
 The first season premiered in 2004.
 The GUS series is also the very first 100% local content reality television programme in Nigeria and it is a survival type reality programme that highlights the struggle of Contestants (10–30 persons, depending on the reference edition), their struggles against themselves and the wild i.e. nature and their search for a hidden treasure that brings to the last person standing instant fame and fortune.
 The Winner of the last season in 2012 took home a 10 million naira cash prize and an SUV.
Kendra on Top is an American reality television series on WE tv that debuted June 5, 2012.
 The series follows the day-to-day life of former "Playboy" model and "The Girls Next Door" reality television personality Kendra Baskett as she balances motherhood and her business ventures.
 Season 2 chronicles Wilkinson as she prepares and participates as a celebrity contestant on "Splash" and stars on "Celebrity Wife Swap".
 The series also documents the activities of her husband, Hank Baskett, as he works on his transition from NFL football player to businessman.
 Kendra's car accident that occurred in April 2013 is also included.
 WE tv renewed "Kendra on Top" for a fourth season which premiered on August 21, 2015.
 WE tv renewed "Kendra on Top" for a fifth season which premiered on April 1, 2016.
De Afvallers (literal translation: "The Slimmers") is a Dutch reality television series which first premiered on SBS 6.
 The series is a spin-off of the American reality television series "The Biggest Loser" and the SBS 6 weight-loss series "", which was canceled after two seasons due to low ratings.
Big Brother 2002, also known as Big Brother 3, was the third series of the British reality television series "Big Brother".
 It is based upon the Netherlands series of the same name, which gained notoriety in 1999 and 2000.
 The series premiered on Channel 4 on 24 May 2002 and lasted nine weeks (64 days) until the live finale on 26 July 2002.
 The third edition saw a ratings increase for the series.
 The finale had a total of 10 million viewers which is not only the most watched episode of "Big Brother" to date but, based on Live +7 data supplied by BARB, is Channel 4's most watched broadcast since the channel's inception in 1982.
 In total, over 8.6 million votes were cast to determine the winner of the series.
 In terms of average viewers, "Big Brother 3" is the highest rated series of the show to date, averaging 5.9 million viewers throughout the whole season.
 It is one of only two seasons of the main series to have over five million average viewers.
 More than 150,000 viewers applied to be on this season, more than double the number of applicants from the previous edition.
 Davina McCall returned as host.
The AACTA Award for Best Reality Television Series is an award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA), a non-profit organisation whose aim is to "identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television."
 The award is presented at the annual AACTA Awards, which hand out accolades for achievements in feature film, television, documentaries and short films.
 The award was first introduced in 2012, for the 2nd AACTA Awards in 2013, due to the growth of reality television productions in Australia.
 Reality television productions could previously be submitted in the Best Light Entertainment Series category.
