Flextime (also spelled flexitime [British English], flex-time) is a flexible hours schedule that allows workers to alter workday start and finish times.
 In contrast to traditional work arrangements that require employees to work a standard 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. day, flextime typically involves a "core" period of the day during which employees are required to be at work (e.g., between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m.), and a "bandwidth" period within which all required hours must be worked (e.g., between 5:30 a.m. and 7:30 p.m.).
 The working day outside of the "core" period is "flexible time", in which employees can choose when they work, subject to achieving total daily, weekly or monthly hours within the "bandwidth" period set by employers, and subject to the necessary work being done .
 The total working time required of employees on flextime schedules is the same as that required under traditional work schedules.
 A flextime policy allows staff to determine when they will work, while a flexplace policy allows staff to determine where they will work.
 Advantages include allowing employees to coordinate their work hours with public transport schedules, with the schedules of their children, and with daily traffic patterns to avoid high congestion times such as rush hour.
 Some claim that flexible working will change the nature of the way we work.
St. Lucie County Public Schools is the branding for St. Lucie County School District, which is the school district that manages schools in St. Lucie County, Florida, USA.
 Whereas, the total staff in the district consists of over 6,500 teachers and 2,300 administration staff.
Strafing is the military practice of attacking ground targets from low-flying aircraft using aircraft-mounted automatic weapons ranging from machine guns (5mm to 20mm) to autocannons or rotary cannons (typically 20mm to 37mm).
 This means that, although ground attack using automatic weapons fire is very often accompanied with bombing or rocket fire, the term "strafing" does not specifically include the last two.
 The term "strafing" can cover either fixed guns, or aimable (flexible) guns.
 Fixed guns firing directly ahead tend to be more predominant on fixed wing aircraft, while helicopters tend to use aimable weapons which can be fired in many different directions independent of the direction the aircraft is pointing in (in most cases, flexible guns on a fixed wing aircraft are for defense purposes only, although they can sometimes be used to fire on ground targets to limited effect).
 Some fixed wing aircraft, like fighter-bombers, are capable of flying either air-combat missions or ground attack missions (P-47 Thunderbolt), while others are dedicated ground-attack types (Il-2 Shturmovik).
 In cases where an aircraft is capable of both types of combat, when it is assigned to a ground attack role, and thus expected to be using the guns mostly for strafing, the fixed weapons are often mounted so that the convergence point is lower and at a greater range than would be used for air combat.
 This is helpful because it allows the pilot to aim at a target without having to dive towards the ground as steeply, decreasing the risk of collision with the ground and increasing the amount of firing time available before having to pull up, and it also increases the range from the target, helping avoid anti-aircraft fire and potential damage from exploding targets.
 Because of the low altitude and relatively low airspeed required for accurate strafing, it is very risky for the pilot, who is exposed not only to the risk of flight-into-terrain and obstacles such as power lines, but also to anti-aircraft weapons, including surface-to-air missiles (both vehicle mounted and hand-held), anti-aircraft artillery and small caliber weapons fire (such as machine guns and small arms).
 Planes purposely designed for ground attack may include additional armour around and underneath the cockpit and other vulnerable areas such as engines to protect the pilot and key flight components, while aircraft designed mostly for air combat tend to have most of their armor placed to protect directly ahead or to the rear, where fire from other aircraft is most likely, leaving them more vulnerable to fire from directly below or to the sides, where much ground fire often comes from.
The European Chemical Industry Council or Cefic (from its former French name "Conseil Européen des Fédérations de l'Industrie Chimique") is the main European trade association for the chemical industry.
 It was founded in 1959, and its history follows through the creation of the European Union.
 Its headquarters are located in Brussels.
 Cefic represents 29,000 large, medium and small chemical companies in Europe, interacting on behalf of their members with international and EU institutions, non-governmental organisations, the international media, and other stakeholders.
 Chemicals companies in the European Union employ a total staff of about 1.2 million.
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances.
 Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure.
 Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's.
 Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed.
 Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion.
 Thus the birth of Modifications.
 It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance.
 FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence.
 Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal.
 Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash.
 Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them.
 Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s.
 During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions.
 The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices.
 During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization.
 Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow.
 The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'.
 that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow.
 Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead.
 This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder.
 The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally.
 The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally.
 Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions.
 Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason.
 Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification.
 Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds.
 While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008.
 The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate.
 It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders.
 Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned.
 Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public.
 Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.
The One Total Home Experience, stylized THE One, is a furniture retail company founded by Swedish entrepreneur and philanthropist Thomas Lundgren.
 As of December 2014, the home fashion brand has a total of 18 stores across the Middle East and North Africa in Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Qatar, Tunisia and the United Arab Emirates, with a total staff complement of over 700.
Stour Valley Community School is a coeducational free school for pupils aged 11 to 16 in Clare in the English county of Suffolk.
 The school opened in September 2011 as one of the first 24 free schools in England.
 The school opened with around 170 pupils and a total staff of 29, including non-teaching support staff.
 The headteacher is Christine Inchley.
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcaster with its headquarters at Broadcasting House in London.
 The BBC is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees.
 It employs over 20,950 staff in total, 16,672 of whom are in public sector broadcasting.
 The total number of staff is 35,402 when part-time, flexible, and fixed contract staff are included.
The Prairie Research Institute is a multidisciplinary research institute charged with providing objective research, expertise, and data on the natural and cultural resources of Illinois.
 Established as a unit of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign by a Public Act of the Illinois State Legislature in 2008, the Institute comprises the Illinois Natural History Survey (INHS), Illinois State Archaeological Survey (ISAS), Illinois State Geological Survey (ISGS), Illinois State Water Survey (ISWS), and Illinois Sustainable Technology Center (ISTC).
 The Institute has a combined total staff of more than 1,000 as of May 2012 with facilities on Urbana-Champaign campus and field offices and research stations throughout the state.
 The total FY11 expenditures were $78 million, with $15.8 million appropriated by the state, and $62.1 million expended in external funding including federal, state, local, and private grants and contracts.
The Daily Dot is a digital media company covering Internet culture and life on the web.
 Founded by Nicholas White in 2011, "The Daily Dot" is headquartered in Austin, Texas with offices in New York City and San Francisco.
 It had a full-time staff of 76 in addition to 222 freelance contributors in early 2016 before laying off 40% of its total staff in September 2016.
