Supriya Sahu (Hindi: सुप्रिया साहू) is a senior Indian bureaucrat from 1991 batch of Indian Administrative Service.
 Recently, she was selected by Prasar Bharati, India's public service broadcaster, to be the Director General of state broadcaster Doordarshan.
 Currently, Supriya is posted as Director General Doordarshan.
 This is after almost two years that state broadcaster will get a full-time Director General.
 Supriya Sahu's appointment as head of Doordarshan was cleared by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet headed by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Rai 1 (until May 2010 known as Rai Uno) is the flagship television channel of Rai, Italy's national public service broadcaster, and the most watched television channel in the country.
 It is a general interest channel, mainly focused on shows, movies and public service; its direct competitor is Mediaset's Canale 5.
Welsh Rarebit was a radio variety show broadcast from Cardiff by the BBC between February 1940 and December 1952.
 The title was taken from that of the Welsh dish of the same name.
 The show's most lasting legacy remains its closing song, "We'll Keep a Welcome (in the Hillsides)".
Welsh rarebit (spelling based on folk etymology) or Welsh rabbit (original spelling) is a dish made with a savoury sauce of melted cheese and various other ingredients and served hot, after being poured over slices (or other pieces) of toasted bread, or the hot cheese sauce may be served in a chafing dish like a fondue, accompanied by sliced, toasted bread.
 The names of the dish originate from 18th-century Britain.
 Despite the name, the dish does not actually contain any rabbit.
The Scottish Digital Network (SDN) is a planned new public service broadcaster and online services provider in Scotland.
 It was the principal proposal of the Scottish Broadcasting Commission.
 The Scottish Broadcasting Commission published its final report in September 2008, with this as a its primary recommendation.
 On September 13, 2010, the Minister for Culture and External Affairs, Fiona Hyslop, requested Blair Jenkins, who had been the chair of the Scottish Broadcasting Commission to actively explore proposed options and business models for the establishment of a Scottish digital network to compete in public service broadcasting with the BBC Network in Scotland.
 On March 21, 2013, three bidders were announced as the finalists for the Scottish Wide Area Network (SWAN).
 They were British Telecom, a partnership of Cable & Wireless Worldwide with Virgin Media Business and Capita with Updata Infrastructure.
Welsh cuisine encompasses the cooking traditions and practices associated with the country of Wales and the Welsh people.
 While there are a large number of dishes that can be considered Welsh due to their ingredients and/or history, dishes such as cawl, Welsh rarebit, laverbread, Welsh cakes, bara brith and the Glamorgan sausage have all been regarded as symbols of Welsh food.
 Some variation in dishes exists across the country, with notable differences existing in the Gower Peninsula; an historically isolated rural area which developed self-sufficiency in food production.
 See "Cuisine of Gower".
French Rarebit is a 1951 Warner Bros. "Merrie Melodies" (Blue Ribbon reissued in 1960 with the original ending) animated short, directed by Robert McKimson and written by Tedd Pierce.
 The title is a takeoff on "Welsh rarebit", which is also known as "Welsh rabbit".
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcaster with its headquarters at Broadcasting House in London.
 The BBC is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees.
 It employs over 20,950 staff in total, 16,672 of whom are in public sector broadcasting.
 The total number of staff is 35,402 when part-time, flexible, and fixed contract staff are included.
Eynon Evans also known as E. Eynon Rees (18 May 1904 – 1989) was a Welsh writer and film actor of the 1950s, mainly known for his radio and television work.
 During the 1940s he appeared on the BBC radio variety show "Welsh Rarebit" as the comedic character Tommy Troubles, reaching an audience of 12 million.
Raidió Teilifís Éireann (] ; "Radio [and] Television of Ireland"; abbreviated as RTÉ) is a semi-state company and the national public service broadcaster of the Republic of Ireland.
 It both produces programmes and broadcasts them on television, radio and the Internet.
 The radio service began on 1 January 1926, while regular television broadcasts began on 31 December 1961, making it one of the oldest continuously operating public service broadcasters in the world.
 RTÉ also publishes a weekly lifestyle magazine called the "RTÉ Guide".
