Goliath is a steel Hyper Coaster located at the Six Flags Over Georgia amusement park in Cobb County, Georgia, United States.
 Designed by Bolliger & Mabillard it reaches a maximum height of 200 ft , a top speed of 70 mi/h , and has approximately 4480 ft of track.
 Great Gasp and Looping Starship were both removed by the end of the 2005 season to make room for the roller coaster.
 Goliath was announced to the public on September 1, 2005 and opened on April 1, 2006.
 In 2006, "Amusement Today"' s annual Golden Ticket Awards voted it the fourth-best new steel roller coaster of that year and the 9th-best steel roller coaster.
 It was voted the 7th-best steel roller coaster in 2013.
Outlaw Run is a wooden roller coaster located at the Silver Dollar City amusement park in Branson, Missouri.
 The ride was the first wooden roller coaster manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction and the first wooden roller coaster with multiple inversions, in which riders are turned upside-down and then back upright.
 The 2937 ft ride features three inversions and a top speed of 68 mph , making "Outlaw Run" the sixth-fastest wooden roller coaster in the world.
 The 162 ft first drop of the ride is the fourth steepest in the world among wooden roller coasters, at 81° beyond horizontal.
Green Lantern Coaster is a steel roller coaster at Warner Bros.
 Movie World on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
 The ride is themed after DC Comics' Green Lantern and is located within the park's DC Comics superhero hub.
 The ride is an El Loco roller coaster manufactured by S&S Worldwide, characterised by a tight circuit featuring a beyond-vertical drop and an outward banked turn.
 It holds the record for the steepest drop of any roller coaster in the Southern Hemisphere, and the second steepest in the world.
 "Green Lantern Coaster" officially opened on 23 December 2011.
Cheetah is a wooden roller coaster by Custom Coasters International, located in the African Pridelands Section of the Wild Adventures theme park.
 The coaster was named after the Cheetah, the fastest land animal, because of its top speed reaching 65 mph when the coaster first opened, but after years of friction and track deformation the coaster was recorded in 2009 reaching a top speed of 52 miles per hour.
 It has a standard out and back layout with five bunny hops and a figure-eight ending.
 Built in 2001, Cheetah is the largest roller coaster at Wild Adventures.
 In Wild Adventures off season between 2009 and 2010, the Cheetah was given a $1.3 Million renovation by Martin & Vleminckx replacing the track on the figure-eight and smoothing out the rest of the track.
 The ride has one train, with six cars per train, and four riders each car in 2x2 seating.
Millennium Force is a steel roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio, United States.
 It was the fourteenth roller coaster to be built at the park since Blue Streak opened in 1964.
 Upon completion in 2000, Millennium Force broke six world records and was the world's first Giga Coaster, a roller coaster that exceeds 300 ft in height and completes a full circuit.
 It was briefly the tallest and fastest in the world until Steel Dragon 2000 opened later the same year.
 The ride is also the third-longest roller coaster in North America after The Beast at Kings Island and Fury 325 at Carowinds.
 It was the first roller coaster to use a cable lift system rather than a traditional chain lift.
 The coaster has a 310 ft , 45-degree lift hill with a 300 ft drop and features two tunnels, three overbanked turns, and four hills.
 It has a top speed of 93 mph .
Leviathan is a steel roller coaster in the Medieval Faire section of the park at Canada's Wonderland in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.
 It is the first roller coaster designed by Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard to exceed a height of 300 ft , putting it in a class of roller coasters commonly referred to as "giga".
 At 5486 ft long, 306 ft tall, and with a top speed of 92 mph , Leviathan is the tallest and fastest roller coaster in Canada.
 s of 2015 , Leviathan is ranked as the eighth-tallest, and the eighth-fastest roller coaster in the world, and the third-tallest traditional lift-style coaster in the world.
 It was the 16th roller coaster to be built at Canada's Wonderland, and the ride's track was completed in February 2012, with the first test run being completed on 15 March 2012.
 The coaster opened to season pass holders on 27 April 2012, and to the general public on 6 May 2012.
Green Lantern is an ongoing American comic book series featuring the DC Comics heroes of the same name.
 The character's first incarnation, Alan Scott, appeared in "All-American Comics" #16 (July 1940), and was later spun off into the first volume of "Green Lantern" in 1941.
 That series was canceled in 1949 after 38 issues.
 When the Silver Age Green Lantern, Hal Jordan, was introduced, the character starred in a new volume of "Green Lantern" starting in 1960 and has been the lead protagonist of the Green Lantern mythos for the majority of the last fifty years.
Green Lantern is a steel stand-up roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson Township, New Jersey.
 "Green Lantern" stands 155 ft tall and features a top speed of 63 mph .
 The 4155 ft ride features five inversions and a duration of approximately 2⁄ minutes.
 The ride was manufactured by Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard.
 Green Lantern is fairly similar to the former Mantis, stand-up coaster at Cedar Point, but is taller, faster, and features one more inversion.
DC Rivals HyperCoaster is a steel hypercoaster at Warner Bros.
 Movie World in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
 Manufactured by Mack Rides, it officially opened on 22 September 2017, being promoted as the longest, fastest, and tallest hypercoaster in the Southern Hemisphere.
 It is the first new attraction added to Warner Bros.
 Movie World since Doomsday Destroyer in 2016 and the first new roller coaster added since Green Lantern Coaster opened in 2011.
 The roller coaster reaches a height of 61.6 m with a maximum speed of 115.1 km/h and has a total track length of 1,400 metres (4,593.2 ft).
The Riddler's Revenge is a stand-up roller coaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain.
 Manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard, the ride opened in 1998 as the park's eleventh roller coaster, setting world records among stand-up coasters for height, speed, drop length, track length and number of inversions.
 The previous record holder was Chang at Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom which opened a year earlier.
 Located in the Movie Town area of the park, The Riddler's Revenge was also the park's single biggest investment at a cost of $14 million.
 It stands 156 ft tall and features a top speed of 65 mph .
 The 4370 ft coaster also features six inversions and a ride duration of approximately three minutes.
