"The Mirror Never Lies" is a single from rock band Heaven Below.
 "The Mirror Never Lies: Mega-Single" composition, consisting of three versions of the song "The Mirror Never Lies" (the theme song for Children Without a Voice), was released on September 6, 2011.
Serbia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song "Beauty Never Lies", written by Vladimir Graić and Charlie Mason.
 The song was performed by Bojana Stamenov.
 Serbian broadcaster Radio Television of Serbia (RTS) selected Vladimir Graić, the composer of the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 winning song "Molitva", to compose three candidate songs as potential Serbian entries for the 2015 contest in Vienna, Austria.
 Graić was also tasked with selecting the performers of these three entries, opting to selected two established Serbian artists, Bojana Stamenov and Aleksa Jelić, and one undiscovered talent, Danica Krstić, to perform the three entries.
 RTS held the national final "Odbrojavanje za Beč" where the song "Ceo svet je moj" performed by Bojana Stamenov emerged as the winner after topping both the votes of a jury panel and a public televote.
 The entry was later translated to English as "Beauty Never Lies" with lyrics written by Charlie Mason—the lyricist of Austria's Eurovision Song Contest 2014 winning song "Rise Like a Phoenix".
"Will It Be Love by Morning" is a song written by Lewis Anderson and Fred Koller, and recorded by American country music artist Michael Martin Murphey.
 It was released in January 1984 as the second single from the album "The Heart Never Lies".
 The song peaked at number 7 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles and at number 5 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
"The Heart Never Lies" is the thirteenth single from the British pop rock band McFly.
 It was released on 22 October 2007, as a part of the band's "All the Greatest Hits" album.
 The song can also be found on the original "Mail on Sunday" edition of their fourth studio album "" (2008).
 Rumours were around that the song was going to originally be called "We Are The Lovers", but then the name "The Heart Never Lies" was officially confirmed on the band's official website and Myspace.
All the Greatest Hits, is the first compilation album released by British band McFly.
 Released on 5 November 2007, two editions of the album were available, one including fourteen tracks, featuring a selection of the group's best singles, and one including twenty-two tracks, including all of the group's singles, plus a couple of B-sides and remixes.
 There are also three new songs featured on the album: "The Heart Never Lies", "Don't Wake Me Up", and "The Way You Make Me Feel".
 The album was certified as Gold in the UK, and has sold over 500,000 copies worldwide.
 McFly revealed in the compilation's booklet that it wasn't their idea to release a Greatest Hits album, and that they are still not keen on the idea.
My Worlds: The Collection is the first compilation album released by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber.
 As the international alternative to the Walmart and Sam's Club exclusive "My Worlds Acoustic" (2010), "My Worlds: The Collection" was released in numerous European countries on November 19, 2010.
 The album consists of two discs; the first is a slightly altered version of "My Worlds Acoustic", and the second is "My Worlds", a compilation itself made up of "My World" (2009) and "My World 2.0" (2010).
 In addition, the album also features a new song, an inspirational ballad entitled "Pray", a Jaden Smith collaboration, "Never Say Never", and remixes of "Somebody to Love".
 The new versions of the songs were produced by Bieber's music director, Dan Kanter, his vocal producer Kuk Harrell, and also producer Rob Wells.
 While most reviewers complimented the set , several thought that its release was unneeded.
 The album charted moderately in Europe, reaching the top half of several album charts.
"Disenchanted" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Michael Martin Murphey.
 It was released in April 1984 as the third single from the album "The Heart Never Lies".
 The song peaked at number 12 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles and at number 11 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.
 It was written by Murphey, Jim Ed Norman and Chick Rains.
The Heart Never Lies is the eleventh album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey.
 The album peaked at number 27 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
"Radio Land" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Michael Martin Murphey.
 It was released in August 1984 as the fourth single from "The Heart Never Lies".
 The song reached #19 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 The song was written by Murphey, Chick Rains and Jim Ed Norman.
"Don't Count the Rainy Days" is a song written by Victor Careaga and Wayland Holyfield, and recorded by American country music artist Michael Martin Murphey.
 It was released in August 1983 as the lead single from the album "The Heart Never Lies".
 The song peaked at number 9 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles in early 1983 and at number 6 on the U.S. "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100.
