The New York Power Authority (NYPA), officially the Power Authority of the State of New York, is the largest state public power organization in the United States.
 NYPA provides some of the lowest-cost electricity in the nation, operating 16 generating facilities and more than 1,400 circuit-miles of transmission lines.
 Its main administrative offices are in White Plains.
Mullingar Town Hall (Irish: "Halla an Bhaile an Mhuilinn gCearr" ) was a town hall now in use as a performing arts theatre, interpretation centre and also the main administrative offices for Westmeath County Council since 1998, commonly known and referred to as the County Buildings.
The University of Hawaiʻi system (formally the University of Hawaiʻi and popularly known as U.H.) is a public, co-educational college and university system that confers associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees through three university campuses, seven community college campuses, an employment training center, three university centers, four education centers and various other research facilities distributed across six islands throughout the State of Hawaii in the United States.
 All schools of the University of Hawaii system are accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
 The U.H. system's main administrative offices are located on the property of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa in Honolulu CDP.
Tl'azt'en Nation is a First Nations band located along the north shore of Stuart Lake near the outlet of the Tache River, in the northern interior of British Columbia.
 The two main villages belonging to Tl'azt'en Nation are Tache (often spelled Tachie in English), 60 km north-west of Fort St. James and Binche (often spelled Pinchie in English), 40 km northwest of Fort St. James.
 The small settlements of Middle River on Trembleur Lake and Grand Rapids, along the Tache River between Stuart Lake and Trembleur Lake also belong to Tl'azt'en Nation.
 The main administrative offices are in Tache, as a school - Eugene Joseph Elementary School, Daycare, Head Start, Health Unit, Education Centre/ Learning Centre for Adults, RCMP/ Justice Office, Public Works building that supplies diesel and gasoline, water treatment plant, a newly built youth recreation center (2012), a Catholic and Christian church, one in Old Tache and one in "sunny side", a volunteer fire department with a fire hall; rec sites include a paintball park, a basket ball court and a hockey rink.
 .
 The village of Portage (in Carrier "Yekooche") once belonged to Tla'zt'en Nation but separated in 1994.
Universidad Católica is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile.
 It provides access to the Centro Cultural Gabriela Mistral and is named after the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, whose main administrative offices are housed in a building close to the station.
The South Sydney City Council was a former local government area covering the inner-eastern and inner-southern suburbs of Sydney, Australia.
 It was forcibly merged with the Sydney City Council by the New South Wales State Government in 2004.
 The council chambers were located in the Erskineville Town Hall, with the administrative offices at Joynton Avenue in Zetland.
 The administrative offices were relocated to the TNT tower building in Redfern in 2001.
Cedar Community, West Bend, Wis. is a faith-based, not-for-profit retirement community.
 Its main campus is located on 100 acres above Big Cedar Lake at 5595 County Road Z in West Bend and includes Cedar Lake Health and Rehabilitation Center, Cedar Bay Assisted Living, Cedar Lake Village Homes for independent seniors, Cedar Home Health and Hospice administrative offices and the Benevolent Corporation Cedar Community administrative offices.
 The organization has four other campuses:
The Webb Horton House, is an ornate 40-room mansion in Middletown, New York, United States, designed by local architect Frank Lindsey.
 Built 1902-1906 as a private residence, since the late 1940s it has been part of the campus of SUNY Orange.
 This building is now known as Morrison Hall, after the last private owner, and houses the college's main administrative offices.
 A nearby service complex has also been kept and is used for classrooms and other college functions.
Sachgebiet (Administrative Area) was a term used by the Nazi Party to describe low level administrative offices of Nazi Germany.
 The term first appeared in 1939 and applied to the various administrative offices set up under the authority of the Nazi Party political leadership.
Idlewilde is a historic boarding house site built between 1907-1910 at what is now the Indian Springs State Park in Butts County, Georgia.
 Two granddaughters of Robert Grier, a famous 19th century astronomer and author of the "Grier Almanac", built Idlewilde and its gardens.
 It was operated as a boarding house until 1925.
 Mr. and Mrs. Willis B. Powell owned the house until 1943 and their guests included Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
 The property was then owned by Mrs. Linda T. Rastello until 1979 when she sold it to the State of Georgia.
 It has been used as the administrative offices of the park since March, 1995.
 It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in March, 1999.
 The administrative offices of Indian Springs State Park have been in Idlewilde since March 1995.
 The park includes waters considered medicinal by Native Americans, giving the park its name, stone buildings and walls built by President Franklin D. Roosevelt's CCC work crews during the Great Depression, and history of the resort hotels of the area from the early 20th Century.
 The offices are well preserved and include pine floors, beveled glass windows, and a striking staircase.
