Toni Kallio (born 9 August 1978) is a Finnish former footballer who last presented Ilves in Ykkönen.
 His preferred position is left back, but he can also operate as centre back and used to play as forward when he joined HJK.
 His nickname is "Bonecrusher", coming from his great physical presence and playing style.
Gregory Mcdonald (February 15, 1937 – September 7, 2008) was an American mystery writer best known for his creation of the character Irwin Maurice Fletcher, an investigative reporter who preferred the nickname "Fletch."
Swing Around the Circle refers to a disastrous speaking campaign undertaken by U.S. President Andrew Johnson between August 27 and September 15, 1866, in which he tried to gain support for his mild Reconstruction policies and for his preferred candidates (mostly Democrats) in the forthcoming midterm Congressional elections.
 The tour received its nickname due to the route that the campaign took: "Washington, D.C., to New York, west to Chicago, south to St. Louis, and east through the Ohio River valley back to the nation's capital".
After building multiple trials and road racing cars, Colin Chapman introduced his first 'production' car, the Lotus Mark VI, in 1952.
 The heart of the Mark VI was a space frame chassis.
 Rather than a complete car, it was available to the general public as kit, wherein the customer could install any preferred engine and gearbox, making it eligible for a wider number of formulae.
Kaep is a nickname for athlete Colin Kaepernick (although he prefers "Kap").
 It may also refer to:
Willie "Two-Knife" Altieri, (4 Mar 1891- Oct 1970?)
 was a New York gangster who served as the chief enforcer for Frankie Yale's Italian-American "Black-Hand" gang, one of the most powerful criminal organizations in 1920's New York City.
 He got his nickname after his preferred method of dispatching a victim.
 Willie had killed dozens of rival gangsters during the 1920s and was considered an important figure in the "Black-Hand" gang.
Wickedness Preferred is a lost 1928 American comedy silent film directed by Hobart Henley and written by Colin Clements, Robert E. Hopkins and Florence Ryerson.
 The film stars Lew Cody, Aileen Pringle, Mary McAllister, Bert Roach and George K. Arthur.
 The film was released on January 28, 1928, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Colin Rand Kaepernick ( ; born November 3, 1987) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent.
 Kaepernick played college football at the University of Nevada, where he was named the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) Offensive Player of the Year twice and became the only player in NCAA Division I FBS history to amass 10,000 passing yards and 4,000 rushing yards in a career.
 After graduating, he was selected by the San Francisco 49ers in the second round of the 2011 NFL Draft.
Cory Lopez is an elite professional surfer born on March 21, 1977 in Dunedin, Florida, USA.
 Lopey is his preferred nickname.
 Cory has been a top ranked contender on the ASP World Surfing circuit (ASP World Tour) for multiple years and is considered by many to be one of the best 'Free Surfers' on the planet.
Joseph Stewart, better known as "Proposition Joe" or "Prop Joe", is a fictional character on the HBO drama "The Wire", played by actor Robert F. Chew.
 Joe was an Eastside drug lord who preferred a peaceful solution to business disputes when possible.
 He was responsible for creating the lucrative New Day Co-Op with Stringer Bell, supplying much of Baltimore with heroin brought into the city by "The Greeks".
 Joe was a portly and amiable presence, but was often a match in wits for rival drug lords Avon Barksdale and Marlo Stanfield, and was able to manipulate most situations to his advantage.
 His nickname stemmed from his trademark phrase "I've got a proposition for you", going back to his days selling test answers on the school yard.
 Along with Poot Carr, Wee-Bey Brice, Omar Little, and Bubbles, he is one of the few characters from the drug trade to appear in every season.
