Marisha Anne Chamberlain (born January 6, 1952) is an American writer.
 Her most recent work, the libretto for "Mortals & Angels", a collaboration with American composer Carol Barnett, premiered at Carnegie Hall in 2016, a companion piece to their widely produced collaborative piece, "The World Beloved: A Bluegrass Mass".
 Her stage plays, both original works and adaptations are widely produced.
 Her debut novel, "The Rose Variations", was published by Soho Press in 2009.
 Her play, "Scheherazade", won the Dramatists Guild/CBS National Award, and in her screenplay version, played on public television across the country, and was screened at the British Film Institute Festival in the category of Best of American Public Television.
The Spectre Knight is a one-act "fanciful operetta" with a libretto by James Albery and music by Alfred Cellier.
 It was first performed on 9 February 1878 at the Opera Comique by the Comedy Opera Company as a companion piece to "The Sorcerer".
 The piece continued to run until 23 March 1878 and was revived by the company from 28 May 1878 to 10 August 1878 as a companion piece to "H.M.S. Pinafore".
 The piece had a run in New York in 1880 and was toured in Britain and America.
The Carp is a one-act comic opera (styled "a whimsicality") with a libretto by Frank Desprez and music by Alfred Cellier.
 It was first produced at the Savoy Theatre from 13 February 1886 to 19 January 1887, as a companion piece to "The Mikado".
 It was then revived as companion to "Ruddigore" from 21 February 1887 to 5 November 1887.
 The piece also toured throughout 1888.
"A Predicament" is a humorous short story by Edgar Allan Poe, usually combined with its companion piece "How to Write a Blackwood Article."
 It was originally titled "The Scythe of Time".
 The paired stories parody the Gothic sensation tale, popular in England and America since the early 19th century.
The Case-Shiras-Dearmore House is a historic house at 351 East 4th Street in Mountain Home, Arkansas, United States.
 It is a 2½-story plain traditional wood-frame structure, with a roughly L-shaped layout, a stone foundation, and a cross-gable roof.
 A single-story shed-roofed porch stands on the crook of the L, which faces south.
 The house was built in the 1870s by Dr. J. H. Case, but its most notable resident was Tom Shiras, who acquired the house in 1900 and later married into the Case family.
 Shiras and his brother published the "Baxter Bulletin", a newspaper that grew under his control to become a major regional news outlet with significant editorial influence.
 The Shiras family owned the property into the 1970s.
Uncle Samuel is a one-act comic opera with a libretto by Arthur Law and music by George Grossmith.
 It was first produced at the Opera Comique on 3 May 1881 to 8 October 1881, as companion piece to "Patience".
 The piece also toured from December 1887 to June 1888 as a companion piece to "H.M.S. Pinafore".
A God in Ruins the ninth novel by Kate Atkinson was published in 2015.
 The main character, Teddy Todd is the younger brother of Ursula Todd, the protagonist in Atkinson's 2013 novel, Life After Life.
 Atkinson calls it the "companion piece" rather than a sequel to the earlier novel.
 Both books are about World War II.
 It won the Costa Book Award for Novel in 2015.
Battle of the Nations is a World War I era song released in 1915.
 E.T. Paull wrote the music and lyrics for the piece.
 The song was published by E.T. Paull Music Co. of New York, New York.
 On the cover, there is a colorful depiction of a battle scene.
 On the borders are seals from different countries, including Japan, Belgium, France, and Germany.
 The song is a "companion piece to the celebrated Napoleon's last charge descriptive march," as stated on the cover.
The Padlock is a two-act 'afterpiece' opera by Charles Dibdin.
 The text was by Isaac Bickerstaffe.
 It debuted in 1768 at the Drury Lane Theatre in London as a companion piece to "The Earl of Warwick".
 It partnered other plays before a run of six performances in tandem with "The Fatal Discovery" by John Home.
 "The Padlock" was a success, largely due to Dibdin's portrayal of Mungo, a blackface caricature of a black servant from the West Indies.
 The company took the production to the United States the next year, where a portrayal by Lewis Hallam, Jr. as Mungo met with even greater accolades.
 The libretto was first published in London in 1768 (?)
 and in Dublin in 1775.
 The play remained in regular circulation in the U.S. as late as 1843.
 It was revived by the Old Vic Company in London and on tour in the UK in 1979 in a new orchestration by Don Fraser and played in a double-bill with Garrick's "Miss In Her Teens".
 The role of Mungo was, again, played by a white actor.
 Opera Theatre of Chicago have recently revived the piece (2007?)
 where, it would seem, the role of Mungo was changed to that of an Irish servant.
American singer Kelly Clarkson has released two video albums and has appeared in thirty-seven music videos.
 In 2002, she made her debut music video appearance for the video "Before Your Love", which was immediately released after winning the premiere season of the television series competition "American Idol".
 A accompanying video for "Before Your Love"'s companion single "A Moment Like This" was also issued later that year.
 From her debut album "Thankful" (2003), Clarkson released music videos for the singles "Miss Independent", "Low", and "The Trouble with Love Is", the foremost of which earned her three MTV Video Music Award nominations, including Best New Artist in a Video.
 "Thankful" was immediately followed by the release of Clarkson's debut video album "Miss Independent" that same year.
 In 2004, a music video for her single "Breakaway" was released to promote the Disney feature film "".
 Clarkson's sophomore studio album "Breakaway" (2004) issued accompanying music videos for its singles "Since U Been Gone", "Behind These Hazel Eyes", "Because of You", "Walk Away", and an additional live video for "Breakaway".
 The videos for "Since U Been Gone" and "Because of You" earned a total of three MTV Video Music Awards and a MuchMusic Video Award.
 Clarkson's second video album "Behind Hazel Eyes" was released in 2005 as a companion piece to "Breakaway".
