Zumanity is a resident cabaret-style show by Cirque du Soleil at the New York-New York Hotel & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
 The production was unveiled on September 20, 2003.
 It is the first "adult-themed" Cirque du Soleil show, billed as "the sensual side of Cirque du Soleil" or "another side of Cirque du Soleil".
 Created by René Richard Cyr and Dominic Champagne, "Zumanity" is a departure from the standard Cirque format.
 Intended to be for mature adult audiences only, this show is centered on erotic song, dance, and acrobatics.
La Nouba is a Cirque du Soleil show in residence in a custom-built, freestanding theater at Disney Springs' West Side at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida.
 It is a contemporary circus performance featuring acrobats, gymnasts, and other skilled performers.
 The show's creation was directed by Franco Dragone, who also directed many of Cirque du Soleil's earlier shows.
 Its title derives from the French phrase "faire la nouba", meaning "to party" or "to live it up".
Criss Angel Believe (also written as CRISS ANGEL "beLIEve") was the sixth Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas, which was premiered at the beLIEve theatre (which holds 1,600 when at capacity) inside the Luxor hotel in Las Vegas in 2008.
 It is a theatrical production created in partnership of Cirque du Soleil and magician Criss Angel, who is billed as the "co-writer, illusions creator and designer, original concept creator and star" of the show.
 The show had its final performance on April 17, 2016, being replaced by "Criss Angel MINDFREAK LIVE" on May 11 of the same year.
Mystère is a Cirque du Soleil show in permanent residence at the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
 It is one of six resident Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas, the others being "O", "Zumanity", "Kà", "Love", and "".
 "Mystère" was first performed on December 25, 1993 and quickly won over audiences with its unique style of circus entertainment.
 As with many Cirque du Soleil productions, "Mystère" features a mixture of circus skills, dance, elaborate sets, opera, worldbeat music, and street theatre-style comedy.
Cirque du Soleil: Worlds Away is a 2012 American 3D family fantasy film directed by Andrew Adamson.
 The film premiered on October 20, 2012 at the Tokyo International Film Festival, and was released theatrically in the United States on December 21, 2012.
 Distributed worldwide by Paramount Pictures on December 21, 2012, the film tells the story of a girl named Mia going to a traveling circus and falling in love with its main attraction, the Aerialist.
 After the Aerialist falls during his act, he and Mia are transported to another world where each encounter the different worlds of Cirque du Soleil through O, Mystère, Kà, Love, Zumanity, Viva Elvis and Criss Angel Believe.
 It stars Erica Linz and Igor Zaripov as the main characters and incorporates acts from some of the Cirque du Soleil shows that were running in Las Vegas in 2011 including O, Mystère, Kà, Love, and Viva Elvis.
Cirque du Soleil: Fire Within is a 2002 Canadian reality television mini-series.
 The series follows eight Cirque du Soleil performers during the creation and production of the Cirque's touring production, "Varekai".
 Stress ensues as several newcomers try to learn new acrobatic acts for the show, while the subplot also follows the crew behind the show trying to cast new performers, advertise the production, create the stage set, costumes, and make-up, and manage the show under the direction of newcomer Dominic Champagne.
Viva Elvis was the seventh resident Cirque du Soleil show on the Las Vegas Strip.
 It resided at the Aria Resort & Casino and premiered on February 19, 2010.
 The show closed on August 31, 2012.
 Cirque du Soleil partnered with Elvis Presley Enterprises to produce this show, similar to how they partnered with The Beatles' Apple Corps Ltd to produce the resident show "Love" at the Mirage.
Dralion (pronounced Drah-lee-on) was a touring production by the Canadian entertainment company Cirque du Soleil.
 The show combined elements of traditional Chinese circus with Western contemporary circus, complementing the "East-meets-West" theme implied in the title — the name is a portmanteau of "dragon" (representing the East) and "lion" (representing the West).
 It is Cirque du Soleil's 12th touring production and the first Cirque show since 1985 not to be directed by Franco Dragone.
 Dralion performed its final show at the Sullivan Arena in Anchorage, Alaska on January 18, 2015, bringing its 15 year world tour to a close.
Benoît Jutras, (born 1963) is a Canadian composer.
 Jutras is best known for his work with the Canadian entertainment company Cirque du Soleil, first as music director and later as composer for several of the company's contemporary circus shows.
 Jutras' music often blends eclectic influences, including world beat, classical, rock, trip hop, and electronica.
 His scores for Cirque du Soleil shows include "O", "Mystère", "Quidam", and "La Nouba".
 His work outside of Cirque du Soleil has included original soundtracks for "Le Rêve" (a show at the Wynn resort in Las Vegas), the "Glow in the Park Parade" (a nighttime parade at Six Flags theme parks), and "The House of Dancing Water" (a show at the City of Dreams resort in Macau).
 He has also composed for film and television.
Viva Elvis is the soundtrack remix album of the Cirque du Soleil show "Viva Elvis", which focuses on the life and music of American singer and musician Elvis Presley.
 The album, though initially produced as a soundtrack to the show, does not include all of the songs featured in the show.
 The CD tracks are rearranged and extended versions of songs heard in the show, and in fact the album includes two instrumental versions of the songs "Memories" and "You'll Never Walk Alone", neither of which is in the Cirque du Soleil show.
