Maîtres du Temps is a Swiss watch company.
 Founded in 2005 by Steven Holtzman, the brand is based in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland.
 The brand launched in Geneva in 2008 with Chapter One, a watch developed by Christophe Claret, Roger Dubuis and Peter Speake-Marin.
The Hamilton Watch Company is a brand of the Swatch Group, a Swiss watch company based in Bienne, Switzerland.
 The Hamilton Watch Company had its genesis as an American watch design and manufacturing company, which incorporated in 1892 and produced its first watch in 1893.
Jean Lassale was a Swiss watch company that designed the Calibre 1200, featuring the thinnest mechanical watch movement : 1.2 mm.
 In the 1970s, Pierre Mathys, master watchmaker in La Chaux-de-Fonds, designed and built the prototype of a revolutionary watch caliber, with the goal of making the thinnest watch in the world.
 To achieve this feat, Mathys based his design on the work of Robert Annen, who previously had the idea of using ball bearings in small scale horology.
 Mathys decided to remove the bridges and counter-pivot, and instead use ball bearings for the axis.
Eberhard & Co is a Swiss luxury watch company, founded in 1887 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Neuchâtel, Switzerland by Swiss watch making industrialist Georges Eberhard.
The Barrington Griffiths Watch Company, based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, is a designer and manufacturer of limited edition wristwatches using recycled Swiss movements.
 The design of their "Modern Classic" watch was inspired by the 1940s mechanical movement used in its construction.
 The Barrington Griffiths Watch Company is one of only a few companies making wristwatches in Canada.
 Although they use movements of Swiss origin, the components of the case are made in Canada, and the watch itself is assembled in Canada, satisfying the Canadian Competition Bureau's requirements for a "Made in Canada" product.
The World Jewish Congress lawsuit against Swiss banks was launched to retrieve deposits made into Swiss banks by victims of Nazi persecution during and prior to World War II.
 Initiated in 1995 as WJC negotiations with both the Swiss government and its banks over burdensome proof-of-ownership requirements for accounts, strong support from United States politicians and leaked documents from a bank guard pressured a settlement in 1998 in a U.S. court for multiple classes of people affected by government and banking practices.
 As of 2015, $1.28 billion USD has been disbursed for 457,100 claimants.
The Lancashire Watch Company of Prescot was founded in 1889 by Thomas P. Hewitt as a rival to the large American and Swiss watch companies.
 It failed in 1910.
Juvenia is a luxury Swiss watch manufacturer located in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland.
 It is one of the few Swiss watch companies to have manufactured watches without interruption since its creation.
 The brand is currently owned by Hong Kong group Asia Commercial Holdings Ltd.
The Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks (colloquially known as the Banking Law of 1934) is the law that governs the regulation of banks in Switzerland.
 It created the current regime of bank secrecy that Swiss banks are famous for.
 Under the Law, it is a criminal act for a bank to reveal the name of an account holder.
 The law helped establish Switzerland as the premier tax haven for foreigners, with Swiss banks accounting for approximately US$2.1 trillion in offshore assets, 27% of the world's total.
 Since then, Swiss banks have acquired a reputation because of their numbered bank accounts, which critics such as ATTAC NGO alleged facilitate tax evasion, money laundering and more generally the underground economy.
Endura S.A. is Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1966 by General Watch Company (GWC) in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland, for the purpose of manufacturing watches under "private label".
 This company was also part of the merger between ASUAG and SSIH into SMH, now the Swatch Group.
 Now attached to ETA SA Manufacture horlogère Suisse, Endura SA is the Private Label and licensing division of the Swatch Group.
