Douglas Joseph “Doug” Bennet, Jr. (born June 23, 1938) is a former national political official and college president.
 He was the fifteenth president of Wesleyan University, in Middletown, Connecticut, from 1995 to 2007.
 Before that, he served as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs in the Clinton Administration (1993–95) and Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs in the Carter administration (1977–79), was the President and CEO of National Public Radio (1983–93), and ran the U.S. Agency for International Development under President Carter (1979–81).
Robert R. Hood is an American government official who currently serves as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs.
 Hood was previously vice president for government affairs for CH2M.
 Past roles with the federal government include a role at the White House as Special Assistant to the President in the Office of Legislative Affairs and posts at the United States Department of Defense as principal deputy assistant secretary for legislative affairs and as deputy under secretary of defense for budget and appropriations affairs.
 Hood was also the director of congressional affairs at the National Nuclear Security Administration.
Assistant Secretary of State (A/S) is a title used for many executive positions in the United States Department of State, ranking below the Under Secretaries.
 A set of six Assistant Secretaries reporting to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs manage diplomatic missions within their designated geographic regions, plus one Assistant Secretary dealing with international organizations.
 Assistant Secretaries usually manage individual bureaus of the Department of State.
 When the manager of a bureau or another agency holds a title other than Assistant Secretary, such as "Director," it can be said to be of "Assistant Secretary equivalent rank."
 Assistant Secretaries typically have a set of deputies, referred to as Deputy Assistant Secretaries (DAS).
Robert D. "Bob" Hormats (born April 13, 1943, in Baltimore, Maryland) is Vice Chairman of Kissinger Associates.
 Immediately prior he served as Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment (at the time, entitled Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs) from 2009 to 2013.
 Hormats was formerly Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs (International), which he joined in 1982.
 He served as Senior Deputy Assistant Secretary, from 1977 to 1979, and Assistant Secretary of State, from 1981 to 1982, at the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs (formerly Bureau of Economic, Energy, and Business Affairs).
 He was Ambassador and Deputy U.S. Trade Representative from 1979 to 1981.
 He served as a senior staff member for International Economic Affairs on the United States National Security Council from 1969 to 1977, where he was senior economic adviser to Henry Kissinger, General Brent Scowcroft and Zbigniew Brzezinski.
 He helped to manage the Nixon administration's opening of diplomatic relations with China's communist government.
 He was a recipient of the French Legion of Honor in 1982 and the Arthur S. Flemming Award in 1974.
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. (13 November 1902 – 13 September 1997 Washington, D.C.) was an American medical educator, administrator and advocate of public health.
 He was General Douglas MacArthur's personal physician during World War II in the Pacific theater.
 His other roles included Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs in the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (now the United States Department of Health and Human Services) during the Nixon administration and Dean of the University of Southern California's medical school.
Rear Admiral Edward Dana Martin (MD) is the former Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs).
 He was appointed to two terms, originally in 1993 and once again in 1997.
 Martin served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to the military health system, health.mil.
 The Military Health System (MHS) mission is to provide optimal Health Services in support of the United States' military mission.
 The MHS is a unique partnership of medical educators, medical researchers, and healthcare providers and their support personnel worldwide.
 This DoD enterprise consists of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs); the medical departments of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Joint Chiefs of Staff; the Combatant Command surgeons; and TRICARE providers (including private sector healthcare providers, hospitals and pharmacies).
Steven Kenneth Galson (born 1956) is an American public health physician.
 He is currently Senior Vice President for Global Regulatory Affairs at Amgen, the S. California-based innovative global biopharmaceutical company.
 He is also Professor-at-Large at the Keck Graduate Institute for Applied Life Sciences in Clarmont, California.
 He is a retired rear admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and public health administrator who served as the acting Surgeon General of the United States from October 1, 2007 – October 1, 2009.
 He served concurrently as acting Assistant Secretary for Health from January 22, 2009 to June 25, 2009, and as the Deputy Director and Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) at the Food and Drug Administration from 2001 to 2007.
 As the Acting Surgeon General, he was the commander of the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and, while serving as the Assistant Secretary for Health, was the operational head of the Public Health Service.
Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr.
 USAF (Ret.)
 (born 1953) was the 18th Surgeon General of the United States Air Force, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C. General Taylor served as the senior Air Force officer responsible for comprehensive management of the Air Force Medical Service.
 In this capacity, he advises the Secretary of the Air Force and Air Force Chief of Staff, as well as the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, on matters pertaining to the medical aspects of the air expeditionary force and the health care of 2.6 million Air Force beneficiaries.
 The Surgeon General has authority to commit resources for the Air Force Medical Service, to make decisions affecting the delivery of medical services, and to develop plans, programs and procedures to support worldwide medical service missions.
 The Surgeon General exercises direction, guidance and technical management of more than 42,000 people assigned to 74 medical treatment facilities worldwide.
 From September 7, 2010 - December 22, 2010 he served as the acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs
Bradford P. Campbell was the Assistant Secretary for Employee Benefits Security of the United States Department of Labor (DOL), the official in charge of the Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA).
 Mr. Campbell was nominated by President George W. Bush as Assistant Secretary on May 3, 2007, and was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on August 3, 2007.
 He held the position until January 20, 2009.
 Prior to his confirmation as Assistant Secretary, Mr. Campbell had served as Acting Assistant Secretary since October 30, 2006 and as EBSA's Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy since March 5, 2004.
The Office of Population Affairs (OPA), a part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services within the Office of Public Health and Science, serves as the focal point to advise the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary for Health on a wide range of reproductive health topics, including adolescent pregnancy, family planning, and sterilization, as well as other population issues.
 Created by an Act of Congress in 1970 (Public Law 91-572, 84 Stat.
 1504, Dec. 24.
 1970), the Office of Population Affairs, under the direction of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Population Affairs (DASPA), has three component offices responsible for the oversight of program functions: Office of Family Planning, Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs, and Office of Research and Evaluation.
