Scott County Transit operates the Shakopee Transit Buses which runs the Route 496E East Circulator and Route 496W West Circulator in Scott County, Minnesota.
 These buses loop as local routes through Shakopee, Minnesota.
 Shakopee Transit along with the Prior Lake Laker Lines operate the BlueXpress, which is a direct express to Minneapolis.
 Scott County operates a Dial-A-Ride for anyone in Scott, Carver, and surrounding Counties.
 Each ride is a one way ride to their destination with no transfers.
 Riding in Shakopee is $2.00 In Scott County (Out of Shakopee but in the County) and Chaska (Carver County) $3.00.
 Prices are different in other counties.
Mankato ( ) is a city in Blue Earth, Nicollet, and Le Sueur counties in the state of Minnesota.
 It is the 22nd biggest city in Minnesota.
 The population was 41,044 according to 2015 US census estimates, making it the fifth largest city in Minnesota outside of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area.
 The county seat of Blue Earth County, it is located along a large bend of the Minnesota River at its confluence with the Blue Earth River.
 Mankato is across the Minnesota River from North Mankato.
 Mankato and North Mankato have a combined population of over 53,000, according to the 2010 census.
 It completely encompasses the town of Skyline.
 North of Mankato Regional Airport, a tiny non-contiguous part of the city is located within Le Sueur County.
 Most of the city of Mankato is located within Blue Earth County.
Scott Alan Sandelin (born August 8, 1964) is an American former professional ice hockey player.
 He is currently the head coach of the Minnesota-Duluth Bulldogs men's ice hockey team.
 In 2011, he became the first coach in Bulldog history to lead them to a national title.
 It was a 3–2 overtime game against the University of Michigan at the Xcel Energy Center in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
 He grew up in Hibbing, Minnesota where he went on to be drafted in the second round by the Montreal Canadiens (40th overall) and play collegiate hockey for the North Dakota Fighting Sioux.
John Howard Scott (born September 26, 1982) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman/winger who most recently played for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League.
 Scott previously played for the Minnesota Wild, Chicago Blackhawks, New York Rangers, San Jose Sharks, Buffalo Sabres and the Arizona Coyotes of the NHL.
 Scott was born in Edmonton, Alberta, but grew up in St. Catharines, Ontario.
 He graduated from Michigan Technological University in 2006.
Lewiston is an extinct community in Sciota Township in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.
 It lies northeast of Northfield, and nearest to the small city of Randolph.
 A town once larger than nearby Northfield; gone in only fifteen years.
 but this town set near the Cannon River and Alta Avenue was home to many Minnesotan politicians, such as Edward J. Thye, Minnesota's governor; Pierce Butler became a United States supreme court justice, and Loren W. Collins was a Minnesota supreme court justice.
 A flourished town with a horseracing track and a hotel was the home of these political figures.
 From 1851 to 1866 a magnificent town stood where farmland is today.
 A good pitstop between Hastings and Faribault all that remains of the now abandoned town is the 1860 schoolhouse turned Sciota township hall.
Jonathan, Minnesota is a homeowners' association that is a remnant of a planned community development within the city of Chaska, Minnesota in Carver County.
 It was named for Jonathan Carver, for whom Carver County also is named.
 In 2008, it is the largest homeowners' association in the State of Minnesota, with 2,300 households.
 It was planned by the Jonathan Development Corporation and begun in 1967.
 It was the idea of Minnesota State Senator and real estate developer Henry T. McKnight.
 The planners chose a site outside the Twin Cities urban area and Interstate 494/694 belt line.
 The town site was centered on the intersection of Minnesota State Highway 41 and the Pacific Extension of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad.
Audra is a ghost town in Taylor County, Texas.
 Established around the beginning of the 20th century, the town grew around a general store built by C. Meno Hunt, Fred Robinson, and Frank Sheppard.
 The town was named after Sheppard's daughter.
 In 1905, the population grew to a peak of around 75.
 However, in response to the construction of a railroad through the area, the town was abandoned and its residents founded the town of Bradshaw to the east.
The Scottsburg Courthouse Square Historic District is a national historic district located at Scottsburg, Scott County, Indiana.
 The district encompasses 48 contributing buildings and 8 contributing objects in the central business district of Scottsburg centered on the Scott County Courthouse.
 It developed between about 1873 and 1952, and includes notable examples of Italianate, Romanesque Revival, Gothic Revival, and Stick Style / Eastlake Movement style architecture.
 The courthouse was built in 1873-1874 after the decision was made to finally locate the county seat of Scott County into a central location within the county, which caused the founding of Scottsburg.
 Located in the district is the separately listed Scottsburg Depot.
 Other notable contributing resources include the Town Tavern (1924), A&P Grocery (1923), Corner Drugstore (c. 1880), Harmon Building (1907), City Hall (1899-1900), Napper's Hospital (1936), Scott Theatre (1946), Scott County Public (Carnegie) Library (1919), Scott County Bank (1906), Prosser's Hardware (1912), and a statue of William Hayden English (1908).
Michael "Mike" Beard (born July 22, 1953) is a Minnesota politician and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives, who retired in 2014.
 A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, he represented District 55A, which includes portions of Scott County in the southwestern part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Communities in the district include Shakopee, Jackson Township, and Louisville Township.
 He is also a local businessman and newspaper publisher.
 He is now also co-chair of a coal energy advocacy group, Coalition for a Secure Energy Future and serves as Scott County Commissioner, District 3.
Martin Vincent Mahoney (February 22, 1915 - August 22, 1969) was a Scott County, Minnesota justice of the peace who presided over the initial trial in the case of "First National Bank of Montgomery v. Jerome Daly", Dec. 9, 1968 (Justice Court, Township of Credit River, Scott County, Minnesota), also known as the "Credit River" case.
 This case has been cited by various conspiracy theorists and anti-Federal Reserve System protesters as authority for the proposition that foreclosure is illegal.
 According to a statement published at the Minnesota State Law Library web site, the "Credit River" decision is not legal precedent, since it was undertaken by a justice of the peace (see also Subject-matter jurisdiction), and was eventually overruled by other court decisions.
 The defendant, Jerome Daly, was a longtime tax protester and attorney who was later disbarred by a decision of the Minnesota Supreme Court.
