Equipment for tea ceremony is called "dōgu" (道具; lit., "tools"), or more specifically "chadōgu" (茶道具; "tea tools").
 "Chadōgu" can be divided into five major categories: "sōshoku dōgu" (装飾道具; "decorative items"); "temae dōgu" (点前道具; "items for the tea-making and service"); "kaiseki dōgu" (懐石道具; "items for the "chakaiseki" meal"); "mizuya dōgu" (水屋道具; "items used in the preparation room"); and "machiai dōgu / roji" "dōgu" (待合道具・露地道具; "items for the waiting room" / "items for the "roji" garden").
 A wide range of "dōgu" is necessary for even the most basic tea ceremony.
 Generally, items which guests prepare themselves with for attending a chanoyu gathering are not considered as "chadōgu"; rather, the term fundamentally applies to items involved to "host" a chanoyu gathering.
 This article, however, includes all forms of implements and paraphernalia involved in the practice of "chanoyu".
Lapta (Russian: лапта́ ) is a Russian bat and ball game first known to be played in the 14th century.
 Mentions of lapta have been found in medieval manuscripts, and balls and bats were found in the 14th-century layers during excavations in Novgorod.
 It is similar to cricket, brännboll, Rounders, baseball, oină, (Italy) and pesäpallo.
When a daily indexed unit of account or Daily Consumer Price Index (Daily CPI) or monetized daily indexed unit of account is used in contracts or in the Capital Maintenance in Units of Constant Purchasing Power accounting model, deferred payments and constant real value non-monetary items are indexed to the general price level in terms of a Daily Index such that changes in the inflation rate - in the case of monetary items - and the stable measuring unit assumption - in the case of constant real value non-monetary items - have no effect on the real value of these items.
 Non-indexed units, such as contracts written in nominal currency units and nominal monetary items, incur inflation or deflation risk in the case of monetary items.
 During all periods of inflation (low, high or hyperinflation), the debtor pays less in real terms than what both the debtor and creditor agreed at the original time of the contract/sale.
 On the other hand, in periods of deflation, the debtor pays more in real terms than the original agreed value.
 The opposite is true for creditors.
 Contracts and constant real value non-monetary items accounted in daily indexed units of account, Daily CPI or monetized daily indexed units of account incur no inflation or deflation risk, as the real value of payments and outstanding capital amounts remain constant over time while the nominal values are inflation- or deflation-indexed daily.
In computer and video games, sequence breaking is the act of performing actions or obtaining items out of the intended linear order, or of skipping “required” actions or items entirely.
 Sequence breaking is often used to beat a game unusually quickly, to beat it while only completing a few objectives or obtaining a few items, to obtain useful items early in the game, to make the game more difficult, or to help push a game as far as possible in some other way.
The Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (Bayley-III is the current version) is a standard series of measurements originally developed by psychologist Nancy Bayley used primarily to assess the development of infants and toddlers, ages 1–42 months.
 This measure consists of a series of developmental play tasks and takes between 45 – 60 minutes to administer and derives a developmental quotient (DQ) rather than an intelligence quotient (IQ).
 Raw scores of successfully completed items are converted to scale scores and to composite scores.
 These scores are used to determine the child's performance compared with norms taken from typically developing children of their age (in months).
 The most recent edition, the Bayley-III has three main subtests; the Cognitive Scale, which includes items such as attention to familiar and unfamiliar objects, looking for a fallen object, and pretend play, the Language Scale, which taps understanding and expression of language, for example, recognition of objects and people, following directions, and naming objects and pictures, and the Motor Scale, which assesses gross and fine motor skills such as grasping, sitting, stacking blocks, and climbing stairs.
 There are two additional Bayley-II Scales depend on parental report, including the Social-Emotional scale, which asks caregivers about such behaviors as ease of calming, social responsiveness, and imitation play, and the Adaptive Behavior scale which asks about adaptions to the demands of daily life, including communication, self-control, following rules, and getting along with others.
 The Bayley-III Cognitive and Language scales are good predictors of preschool mental test performance.
 These scores are largely used for screening, helping to identify the need for further observation and intervention, as infants who score very low are at risk for future developmental problems.
In the framework of Noam Chomsky's Minimalist Program, items of the lexicon are of two types: with or without substantive content.
 Items of the former category are called lexical items, whereas items of the latter category are functional items.
 Functional items carry the grammatical content of a sentence, which means that by taking them out of the sentence one would still understand the meaning, although it would not be grammatical.
 In other words, they are the 'glue' that holds the sentence together.
 Functional items can also be classified as closed class, that is, belonging to parts of speech that do not easily allow new members.
 If functional items are removed from a sentence, the words that would be left are the lexical items.
 The lexical items of a sentence are those that are used in telegraphic speech; functional items are the grammatical units that hold the sentence together and make it more fluid.
 Functional Items are feature sets.
 Functional items include two type of morphemes.
 Free morphemes, like modals, auxiliaries, determiners, complementizers, and bound morphemes such as nominal and verbal affixes.
 Though functional items have feature structure, the do not enter into θ-marking.
Brännboll (] ) (brennball or slåball ("hitball") in Norway; rundbold ("roundball") in Denmark; Brennball in Germany) is a game similar to rounders, baseball, lapta and pesäpallo played on amateur level throughout Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Germany, mostly on fields and in public parks, but it is also part of the PE curriculum in some areas.
 The name is derived from the act of catching a player between two bases at the end of a batting round, referred to as "burning" them ("bränna"), roughly equivalent to being run out in cricket or out in baseball.
 The world championship, called Brännbollscupen, is an annual event in the Swedish city of Umeå.
Home accessories are furniture items which are easy to replace and easy to move, and include almost any items that aren't strictly functionally necessary in the decorated space.
 These accessories include such items as curtains, sofa sets, cushions, tablecloths and decorative craft products, decorative wrought iron, and so on.
 These items are commonly used in indoor furnishings and layout and can include cloth items, paintings, and plants.
Takeshi Gear are items used in the Japanese "tokusatsu" television series, "Kamen Rider Hibiki".
 The various Takeshi Gear are both ancient items as well as items using technology to advance the mystical power of the "Oni Kamen" Riders.
 The Takeshi Gear is modeled after several Japanese and non-Japanese objects.
 Ranging from tuning forks to whistles, these are some of the more distinctive transformation items used in any Kamen Rider series.
Pesäpallo (] ; Swedish: "boboll" , both names literally meaning "nest ball", also referred to as "Finnish baseball") is a fast-moving bat-and-ball sport that is often referred to as the national sport of Finland and has some presence in other countries including Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, Australia, and Canada's northern Ontario (the latter two countries have significant Nordic populations).
 The game is similar to brännboll, rounders, and lapta, as well as baseball.
