Jack Dempsey cichlids ("Rocio octofasciata") are aggressive aquarium fish named after the heavyweight boxer Jack Dempsey.
 They are native to Central America but were discovered in a flooded quarry in New South Wales (NSW) Australia in 2004.
 Although efforts were made to eradicate them in 2004 and 2005, the fish remain.
 Jack Dempsey cichlids are one of about 30 aquarium fish species that have become established in Australian waterways, and have been shown to have a significant impact on Australian aquatic ecosystems.
 They highlight the importance of preventing the importation of invasive fish species because they are extremely difficult or impossible to eradicate once they become established in the wild.
William Thornton Innes III, L.H.D. (February 2, 1874 – February 27, 1969) was an American aquarist, author, photographer, printer and publisher.
 Innes was the author of numerous influential books and hundreds of articles about aquarium fish, aquatic plants and aquarium maintenance during the formative years of the aquarium hobby in America.
 Born in Philadelphia, he was the founder, publisher and editor of "The Aquarium", the first successful national magazine on the subject of keeping freshwater tropical fishes.
 The magazine ran monthly for thirty-five years from May 1932 through January 1967.
Live-bearing aquarium fish, often simply called livebearers, are fish that retain the eggs inside the body and give birth to live, free-swimming young.
 Among aquarium fish, livebearers are nearly all members of the Poeciliidae family and include guppies, mollies, platies and swordtails.
The term dither fish refers to an arbitrary group of aquarium fish used by cichlid keeping aquarists to reduce innate timidity in some species of cichlids.
 Dither fish typically swim around the top of a tank and this behavior encourages more timid fish to relax and venture out more by reassuring them no predators are around.
 The technique relies on the ability of cichlids in an aquarium to use the behaviour of other fish species as a measure of environmental security.
 Good dither fish are typically schooling species, such as some "Danio" species, barbs and some tetra species.
Aquarium fish clubs or aquarium societies are social rather than academic associations for fishkeepers.
 They are to be found around the world.
 Some clubs include members in all the different aspects of the hobby, while others concentrate on one particularly field, such as cichlids or marine fishkeeping.
 The first aquarium society ever formed was the "Gotha Aquarium" in Germany, founded in 1882.
 The oldest continuous aquarium club still in existence is the Boston Aquarium Society, founded in 1916.
 A Brooklyn Aquarium Society in New York City founded in 1911, but disbanded mid-century, and later reformed in the 1950s with the same name.
The glowlight danio ("Danio choprai") is a small, schooling fish closely related to the popular zebrafish "Danio rerio".
 This should not be confused with the GloFish , a trademarked brand of fluorescent zebrafish that appear to glow in the dark under ultraviolet light.
 "Danio choprai" is an active danionin species that spends most of its time on mid-water levels.
 This species feeds on insects that have fallen into the water, aquatic insect larvae, and other small animals.
 In the aquarium, it accepts most foods offered, including most dry foods.
 It has a streamlined body marked with a brilliant orange longitudinal band and a series of vertical blue-black bars on the flanks.
 The fins are edged with yellow.
 In recent years, it has become quite widely traded as an aquarium fish, but otherwise has no commercial importance.
 Its common name derives from its similarity to the glowlight tetra, a South American characin only distantly related to this fish.
 They get on well with all other "Danio" species except the giant danio.
Aquarium fish feeders are electric or electronic devices that are designed to feed aquarium fish at regular intervals.
 They are often used to feed fish when the aquarist is on vacation or is too busy to maintain a regular feeding schedule.
"Aquarium Fish International" (AFI) was a North American monthly magazine, published by BowTie Inc. of Irvine, California, and dedicated to freshwater and saltwater fishkeeping and the aquarium/fishkeeping hobby in general.
Amazing Stories Quarterly was a U.S. science fiction pulp magazine published from 1928 to 1934.
 It was launched by Hugo Gernsback as a companion to his "Amazing Stories", the first science fiction magazine, which had begun publishing in April 1926.
 "Amazing Stories" had been successful enough for Gernsback to try a single issue of "Amazing Stories Annual" in 1927, which had sold well, and he decided to follow it up with a quarterly magazine.
 The first issue of "Amazing Stories Quarterly" was dated Winter 1928 and carried a reprint of H.G. Wells' "When the Sleeper Wakes".
 Gernsback's policy of running a novel in each issue was popular with his readership, though the choice of Wells' novel was less so.
 Over the next five issues only one more reprint appeared: Gernsback's own novel "Ralph 124C 41+", in the Winter 1929 issue.
 Gernsback went bankrupt in early 1929, and lost control of both "Amazing Stories" and "Amazing Stories Quarterly"; his assistant, T. O'Conor Sloane, took over as editor.
 The magazine began to run into financial difficulties in 1932, and the schedule became irregular; the last issue was dated Fall 1934.
The orange clownfish ("Amphiprion percula") is widely known as a popular aquarium fish.
 Like other clownfishes (also known as anemonefishes), it often lives in association with sea anemones. "A. percula" is associated specifically with "Heteractis magnifica" and "Stichodactyla gigantea", and as larva use chemical cues released from the anemones to identify and locate the appropriate host species to use them for shelter and protection.
 This causes preferential selection when finding their anemone host species.
 Although popular, maintaining this species in captivity is rather complex.
 The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority regulates the number of collection permits that are issued to aquarium fish dealers who seek this, and other tropical fish within the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park.
