Nota Sports and Racing Cars is an automobile manufacturer in Australia.
 The company was founded by Guy Buckingham in 1952.
 He was an aircraft engineer and used his expertise to build triangulated spaceframed sportscars.
 Possibly Australia's first space-framed cars.
 In 1958 the company built a series of all-enveloping aluminium streamlined sports cars.
 First called "Streamliners", and later called "Mazengarbs".
 Up to 1960 eleven of those were made.
 In the late 1950s the company produced Formula Junior cars in both front and midengined formats.
 Nota also made a series of specialist monoposto racing cars for the track and hill climbing events.
 In 1963 the company made a series of Mini powered sports cars.
 In 1964 they started production of the Nota Sapphire an alloy bodied sports and coupe designs with Ford Fiat and Coventry Climax engines.
 In 1965 Nota started producing Formula Vee cars for Warrick Farm race track making 34 in the first year.
 In the 1960s the company formulised their "Sportsman", a Lotus 7 look alike, which they still build today and are now building in a midengined version for the modern day transverse engines which the major car manufacturers produce.
 In 1968 came the Nota Fang Chris Buckinghams first real design, a midengined sports car using a Cooper S engine power plant behind the driver but in front of the rear wheels, their most successful model with over 100 being made.
 Later the Fang was equipped with Lancia engines, then Toyota engines, finally being fitted with Toyota's V6 Quad cam supercharged engines with over 400BHP.
 In 1973 Nota started with their Marauder range of cars using the same mechanicals as the Nota Fang.
 At the same time they were making the Nota Levanti front engine twin cam coupe.
 In 1975 the supply of Leyland 1275 GT engines started to run out so Nota contacted FIAT and both Marauders and Fangs were made with the 2-litre twin cam FIAT/Lancia engine.
Land Rover Group (LRG) was a division of British Leyland (BL) and later the Rover Group that was in existence between 1981 and 1987.
 LRG brought British Leyland's light commercial vehicle production under one management, consisting of the Land Rover utility 4x4 range, the Range Rover luxury 4x4 and the former Leyland Sherpa van range (re-branded Freight Rover to match the other group members in 1984).
 LRG operated two factories in the Birmingham area- the Solihull plant and the Freight Rover plant at Washwood Heath.
Leyland Motors Limited was a British vehicle manufacturer of lorries, buses and trolleybuses.
 The company diversified into car manufacturing with its acquisitions of Triumph and Rover in 1960 and 1967, respectively.
 It gave its name to the British Leyland Motor Corporation, formed when it merged with British Motor Holdings in 1968, to become British Leyland after being nationalised.
 British Leyland later changed its name to simply BL, then in 1986 to Rover Group.
Nuffield Press is a former part of the UK's automotive manufacturer Nuffield Organisation / BMC, then effectively becoming part of British Leyland in 1968.
 At its peak the Nuffield Press used more than 1,000 tons of paper a year producing sales literature, owners manuals, technical manuals, magazines, diaries and posters.
 Originally it produced technical publications for BMC, and later the wider remit of British Leyland's entire product range (as well as its successor companies Austin Rover Group and Rover Group), but also for external clients.
The Austin Rover Group (abbreviated ARG) was a British motor manufacturer.
 It was created in 1982 as the mass-market car manufacturing subsidiary of British Leyland (BL).
 Previously, this entity had been known as BL Cars Ltd (formerly Leyland Cars) which encompassed the "Austin-Morris" and "Jaguar-Rover-Triumph" divisions of British Leyland.
 After a major restructuring of BL's car manufacturing operations, Jaguar regained its independence (leading to its eventual de-mergeri in 1984) whilst the Triumph and Morris marques were retired.
 The new, leaner car business was rechristened as the Austin Rover Group and focused primarily on the Austin and Rover marques.
 The Morris and Triumph marques continued briefly within ARG until 1984 when both were dropped.
Giovanni Michelotti (6 October 1921 – 23 January 1980) was one of the most prolific designers of sports cars in the 20th century.
 His notable contributions were for Ferrari, Lancia, Maserati and Triumph marques.
 He was also associated with truck designs for Leyland Motors, and with designs for British Leyland (including the Leyland National bus) after the merger of Leyland and BMC.
The Leyland National is an integrally-constructed British step-floor single-decker bus manufactured in large quantities between 1972 and 1985.
 It was developed as a joint project between two UK nationalised industries – the National Bus Company and British Leyland.
 Buses were constructed at a specially built factory at the Lillyhall Industrial Estate, Workington.
 Styling was carried out by the famed Italian vehicle stylist Giovanni Michelotti, well known to British Leyland, having worked for both Triumph (Herald, TR4, GT6, 2000/2500, 1300, Dolomite and Stag) and Scammell lorries (Routeman GRP cab).
British Leyland was an automotive engineering and manufacturing conglomerate formed in the United Kingdom in 1968 as British Leyland Motor Corporation Ltd (BLMC), following the merger of Leyland Motors and British Motor Holdings.
 It was partly nationalised in 1975, when the UK government created a holding company called British Leyland, later BL, in 1978.
 It incorporated much of the British-owned motor vehicle industry, which constituted 40 percent of the UK car market, with roots going back to 1895.
was a British motorcar and bicycle manufacturer from 1890.
 Riley became part of the Nuffield Organisation in 1938 and was merged into the British Leyland Motor Corporation in 1968.
 ln July 1969 British Leyland announced the immediate end of Riley production, although 1969 was a difficult year for the UK auto industry and cars from Riley's inventory may have been first registered in 1970.
MG, the initials of Morris Garages, is an English automotive marque registered by the now defunct MG Car Company Limited, a British sports car manufacturer begun in the 1920s as a sales promotion sideline within W R Morris's Oxford city retail sales and service business by the business's manager, Cecil Kimber.
 Best known for its two-seat open sports cars, MG also produced saloons and coupés. Kimber was an employee of William Morris.
