Utpal Dutta (Bengali: "উৎপল দত্ত" "Utpôl Dôtto",    ) (29 March 1929 – 19 August 1993) was an Indian actor, director, and writer-playwright.
 He was primarily an actor in Bengali theatre, where he became a pioneering figure in Modern Indian theatre, when he founded the "Little Theater Group" in 1949.
 This group enacted many English, Shakespearean and Brecht plays, in a period now known as the "Epic theater" period, before it immersed itself completely in highly political and radical theatre.
 His plays became an apt vehicle for the expression of his Marxist ideologies, visible in socio-political plays such as "Kallol" (1965), "Manusher Adhikar", "Louha Manob" (1964), "Tiner Toloar" and "Maha-Bidroha".
 He also acted in over 100 Bengali and Hindi films in a career spanning 40 years, and remains most known for his roles in films such as Mrinal Sen’s "Bhuvan Shome" (1969), Satyajit Ray’s "Agantuk" (1991), Gautam Ghose’s "Padma Nadir Majhi" (1993) and Hrishikesh Mukherjee's breezy Hindi comedies such as "Gol Maal" (1979) and "Rang Birangi" (1983).
Siddhartha Ramchandra Jadhav is an Indian actor and comedian.
 He is popular on television and has acted in Marathi and Hindi movies making him one of the most talented and successful actors in both Marathis films and television.
 He has acted in several Bollywood movies like "Golmaal" and "Golmaal Returns" but he asserts that his first love is Marathi film, TV and stage.Jadhav also acted in a bengali movie named Ami Subhah Bolchi having Mithun chakraborty as the lead.
 He is currently paired with Bharti Singh on TV show Comedy Circus Ke Ajoobe and has been working with her for 3 seasons consecutive.
Gita Dey (5 August 1931 – 17 January 2011) was a renowned actress in Bengali Tollywood films, theatre and Bengali folk theater.
 She became a stage artist at the age of 6 years.
 She came to the film industry in 1943.
 Her first film release was "Ahuti" (1941) as a child actress.
 She acted in over two hundred Bengali language films and over two thousand stage shows.
 She acted in the movie "Teen Kanya" under the direction of Satyajit Roy and Rittik Ghatak's "Meghe Dhaka Tara, Subarnarekha, Komal Gandhar, Kato Ajanare".
 She also acted in Hindi movies such as "Parineeta" (2005) with Vidya Balan and Sanjay Dutt and other movies.
 She was associated with All India Radio for a long time doing Shruti Natok.
 She received the Presidential Award for Lifetime Achievement from Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and many other awards during her lifetime.
Debashree Roy is an Indian actress who has performed in over hundred films.
 She is a National Award winner actress and known for her work in Bengali cinema.
 She has been a highly successful leading actress in Bengali cinema throughout eighties and nineties as well as a critically acclaimed actress.
 She started her career as a child artist in a Bengali film named "Pagal Thakur" (1966) directed by Hiranmoy Sen. She was launched as an adult actress in Arabinda Mukhopadhyay's Bengali flick "Nadi Theke Sagare" (1978).
 In 1980, Tarun Majumdar cast her in his romantic flick "Dadar Kirti" which literally made her a star.
 She acted in Aparna Sen's directorial debut 36 Chowringhee Lane (1981).
 She appeared in Hindi films like Kanak Mishra's "Jiyo To Aise Jiyo" (1981), Desh Gautam's "Bura Aadmi" (1982), Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao's "Justice Chaudhury" (1983), Mukul Dutt's "Phulwari" (1984), Akash Jain's "Seepeeyan" (1984), Vijay Singh's "Kabhi Ajnabi The" (1985), Bhabendra Nath Saikia's "Kaal Sandhya" (1997).
 Her "Kabhi Ajnabi The" was assumed to be a huge hit at box office but it turned out to be a major flop at box office causing a doom to her Bollywood career.
 In 1985, she acted in Tarun Majumdar's romantic flick Bhalobasa Bhalobasa which was a major success at box office.
 This film ensured Roy's pairing with Tapas Paul as the leading on-screen pairing of nineteen eighties.
 Her other major hits with Paul are "Lalmahal" (1986), "Uttar Lipi" (1986), "Arpan" (1987), "Shankhachur" (1988), "Surer Sathi" (1988), "Surer Akashe" (1988), "Nayanmani" (1989), "Chokher Aloy" (1989), "Shubha Kamana" (1991), "Mayabini" (1992), "Phire Paoa" (1993), "Tobu Mone Rekho" (1994), "Putrabadhu" (1998).
Anil Chatterjee (Chattopadhyay) Bengali: অনিল চ্যাটার্জী (চট্টোপাধ্যায়) (25 October 1929 – 17 March 1996) was a Bengali actor in the Bengali cinema during the early fifties through the mid-nineties and is mostly remembered as a character actor.
 He acted or performed in about 150 movies, including a few in Hindi.
 He played different shades, though mostly as a character actor, as well as in leading roles and at times as an antagonist, despite the limited opportunities he received.
 Irrespective of the roles, he left an indelible impression on the viewers and the critics.
 He also acted in the leading role in a tele-serial named "Naqab" in the national network of Doordarshan.
 He is one of the very few selected actors who worked with Satyajit Ray, Ritwik Ghatak, Tapan Sinha and Mrinal Sen; with the first three directors, he performed in more than a number of occasion.
 His performance in the title role of the film "Deshbandhu Chittaranjan" [a biopic on the noted and revered freedom-fighter and barrister Chittaranjan Das (1870-1925) who was conferred the title of "Deshbandhu (Friend of the Country)"] won the appreciation of Basanti Devi, the wife of the "Deshbandhu" (she is said to have personally blessed the actor).
Maharshi Raghava (born "Raghava Gogineni") is an Indian actor from Andhra Pradesh.
 He acted in more than 170 films in various roles.
 He shot into fame as a lead actor with his first film "Maharshi".
 The same film earned him the title "Maharshi".
 He also acted in TV serials.
War Chhod Na Yaar (English translation: "Quit the War, Dude") is a 2013 Hindi Indian war comedy film directed and written by Faraz Haider and dialogues are written by Deepak Kingrani.
 The film was announced on 30 March 2013 with a launch party at Novotel Hotel in the presence of the lead actors, Sharman Joshi, Soha Ali Khan, Javed Jaffery, Sanjai Mishra, Dalip Tahil and Mukul Dev who play important characters in the film.
Farida Jalal (born 1949) is an Indian actress, who has acted in over two hundred Bollywood films.
 Known primarily for her work in Hindi cinema, she has also worked in Telugu, Tamil and English-language films.
Karl David Sebastian Dencik (born 31 October 1974) is a Swedish-Danish actor.
 He has acted in both Swedish and Danish films, and has also had major roles in English-language films including "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy" and " The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo".
Soha Ali Khan Khemu (born Soha Ali Khan , 4 October 1978) is an Indian film actress, known primarily for her work in the Hindi film industry, although she has also acted in Bengali and English-language films.
