Greg White (born 1959 in Mullens, West Virginia) is an American basketball coach best known, as the head coach at Marshall University and assistant coach for the UCLA Bruins.
 He is also a well known motivational speaker on the speakers circuit in both the university and business world.
 He has spoken to major corporations such as Mercedes, BMW, Subway, State Farm, Chevrolet, AT&T, Timken and Nisource to name a few.
 On the college speakers circuit he has spoken at University of Alabama, Ohio State University, University of Kentucky, UCLA, Kansas State University, University of South Carolina, University of Louisville, Wake Forest University, University of Tennessee, University of Maryland, Iowa State University, Catholic University of America and University of Denver to name a few.
 He graduated from the (now closed) Mullens High School in Mullens, WV and went on to play at NCAA Division I Marshall University, where he is a member of the school's Hall of Fame.
 He was a record setting point guard, starting 113 consecutive games from 1977-81 and still holds numerous records at Marshall.
 His legendary ball handling skills are world famous as he has traveled the globe performing as motivational speaker, exhibitionist and clinician.
 His 115 wins as Marshall's head coach rank him as the 3rd winningest coach in Marshall Basketball history (29 coaches).
 His teams amazed a 87-17 home record in Marshall's Cam Henderson Center.
 Additionally, his teams at Marshall had a record setting 27 game home win streak and were 34-3 in home games against non conference teams beating foes like Wake Forest University, University of Georgia, University of Detroit and The University of Massachusetts.
 In 2002, Greg's Marshall team lead all Division I basketball teams in 3 point field goal shooting percentage at 44% and he had 18 all conference players during his time as Marshall's head coach.
 He had one player, Keith Veney, who hit 15 3's in a game which still stands as an NCAA record.
 He has written several books with his most popular book being "The Winning Edge", a book about the importance of goal setting and time management.
 In 2016, he published "Success: Attitude is Everything," a book focused on having a great attitude and strong mindset.
 His basketball camps are the largest sports camps in the history of West Virginia at Marshall University and the University of Charleston attracting over 1000 per summer at their peak.
Groves Stadium, currently known as Trentini Stadium, is a stadium in Wake Forest, North Carolina, United States.
 It hosted the Wake Forest University Demon Deacons football team until the school moved to Winston-Salem, North Carolina and Bowman Gray Stadium.
 Since then, the stadium has hosted the homes games of Wake Forest High School.
 The stadium held 20,000 people at its peak and was opened in 1940.
 It is currently named after former Wake Forest University player and coach of Wake Forest-Rolesville High School, Tony Trentini.
 Wake Forest University's current home stadium was also known as Groves Stadium until 2006.
The Wake Forest University Demon Deacons men's soccer team is an amateur, NCAA Division I college soccer team composed of students attending Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
 They achieved their greatest result in 2007, winning the 2007 Division I Men's College Cup.
 Like all sports teams from Wake Forest, men's soccer competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
 The Deacons play their home matches at Spry Stadium on the campus of Wake Forest.
Wake Forest Innovation Quarter in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, is an innovation district focused on research, business and education in biomedical science, information technology, digital media, clinical services and advanced materials.
 The Innovation Quarter, operated by Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center, is home to academic groups, private companies and other organizations located on 330 acres in downtown Winston-Salem.
 Its tenants include departments from five academic institutions—Wake Forest School of Medicine, Wake Forest University, Forsyth Technical Community College, Winston-Salem State University, UNC School of the Arts— as well as private businesses and other organizations.
 One tenant is the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine (WFIRM), which is working to engineer more than 30 different replacement tissues and organs and to develop healing cell therapies.
 The science and research conducted at WFIRM is behind two start-up companies at Innovation Quarter.
 The ability of researchers and scientists to work alongside entrepreneurs furthers a goal of Innovation Quarter to develop new treatments and cures for disease and advances in technology.
Wake Forest University is a private, independent, nonprofit, nonsectarian, coeducational research university in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, founded in 1834.
 The university received its name from its original location in Wake Forest, north of Raleigh, North Carolina, the state capital.
 The Reynolda Campus, the university's main campus, has been located north of downtown Winston-Salem since the university moved there in 1956.
 The Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center campus has two locations, the older one located near the Ardmore neighborhood in central Winston-Salem, and the newer campus at Wake Forest Innovation Quarter downtown.
 The university also occupies lab space at Biotech Plaza at Innovation Quarter, and at the Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials.
 The University's Graduate School of Management maintains a presence on the main campus in Winston-Salem and in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Wake Forest University Demon Deacons women's soccer team is an amateur, NCAA Division I college soccer team composed of students attending Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
 They achieved their greatest result in 2011, when they reached the College Cup.
 Like all sports teams from Wake Forest, women's soccer competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
 The Deacons play their home matches at Spry Stadium on the campus of Wake Forest.
Edwin Graves Wilson (born February 1, 1923) is a professor at Wake Forest University.
 His professional academic and administrative tenure at Wake Forest spanned from 1951 until his retirement in 1993.
 He is referred to affectionately by members of the Wake Forest community as "Mr. Wake Forest."
 He is a 1943 graduate of Wake Forest with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
Wake Forest School of Medicine is the medical school of Wake Forest University, located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
 It is affiliated with Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center, the academic medical center whose clinical arm is Wake Forest Baptist Health.
 "U.S. News & World Report" in 2015 ranked Wake Forest School of Medicine as 49th best for research in the nation and 71st best for primary care.
 The School of Medicine also ranks in the top third of U.S. medical schools in funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
The North Carolina–Wake Forest rivalry is a series of athletic contests between in-state rivals, the University of North Carolina Tar Heels and the Wake Forest University Demon Deacons.
 The first game was played in 1888 between the two institutions.
 Wake Forest was originally located in Wake Forest, North Carolina until it moved its campus across the state of North Carolina to Winston-Salem, North Carolina in 1956.
 Since ACC expansion the two schools cannot play the yearly rivalry due to scheduling and being in separate divisions.
 UNC is a Coastal Division member and Wake Forest, an Atlantic Division member respectively.
The Wake Forest University School of Law is one of the professional graduate schools of Wake Forest University.
 Located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Wake Forest University School of Law is a private American Bar Association (ABA) accredited law school and is a member of the Association of American Law Schools (AALS).
 The school was established in 1894.
 U.S. News & World Report consistently ranks the school among the Top Tier Law Schools in the nation.
 The current dean is Suzanne Reynolds.
