Michael Paul Welch (born August 25, 1972) is a former right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball, born in Haverhill, Massachusetts.
 Welch grew up in Nashua, NH and went to Nashua High School.
 Welch attended the University of Southern Maine where he participated in playing college baseball.
 During his time there, in 1991 he helped lead Southern Maine to winning a National Championship.
 Welch was later drafted in the 3rd round of the 1993 draft by the New York Mets.
 Mike Welch had a successful minor league career, making the AA All-Star team while playing for the Binghamton Mets.
 In 1993, while Welch was playing for the Pittsfield Mets, he was awarded the relief pitcher of the year award.
 Welch was later on traded to the Philadelphia Phillies, where he started his Major League career.
 Welch holds the world record for most strikeouts recorded in a American Legion game, racking up 20 strikeouts in the Northeast American Legion Regional Tournament.
The National High School Debate League of China, or simply NHSDLC, is an English-language high school debate league serving Mainland China.
 It uses the Public Forum debate format.
 Each year, the NHSDLC sees around 50,000 students participate in its debate workshops and around 12,000 students participate in its regional or national tournaments that it hosts in more than 33 cities in China.
 According to The Economist, many students believe participating will help their application to a Western university.
 It was founded in 2012, and it hosted one of China's first ever English-language high school national debate tournaments for local students at Peking University in May 2013.
 Each year, its national debate championship hosted in Beijing attracts 450 students from around China.
 NHSDLC is partnered with Harvard College Mentors for Urban Debate, Penn for Youth Debate, the Chicago Debate Society, the Yale Debate Association, Sunrise International Education, and the Stanford Youth Debate Initiative.
Loretto High School was a small, Roman Catholic, college-preparatory school for young women in Sacramento, California.
 Although located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sacramento the school was independent of the diocese.
 In 2005, Loretto High School celebrated its 50th anniversary.
 In June 2009, the school closed.
 Many students transferred to coed Christian Brothers and fellow all-girls St. Francis High School to complete their high school education, while others decided to go to public schools such as Mira Loma High School or El Camino Fundamental High School.
Waxahachie Global High School is a high school in Waxahachie, Texas, founded in 2007 on the historic T.C. Wilemon campus.
 It is one of only 91 STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) academies in the state of Texas.
 It was additionally granted Early College High School status in 2009 through a partnership with Navarro College, allowing students to earn an associate degree along with their high school diploma.
 Recently, as of the start of the 2013-2014 school year, Global High made a partnership with UT Tyler for all the STEM-based college courses offered at Global.
 As a public charter school, students from Ellis County and surrounding areas can attend regardless of zoning.
 Many students commute from surrounding cities such as Waxahachie, Red Oak, Ennis, Maypearl, Midlothian, Palmer, Italy, Cedar Hill, and Desoto.
 Waxahachie Global was named a 2014 "Best High School" by U.S. News & World Report.
Watsonville High School is a high school located in Watsonville, California in Santa Cruz County, and is part of the Pajaro Valley Unified School District.
 This is an open campus school, thus students are able to leave and come back after lunch.
 However, this has been a problem for many years; too many students skip class and end up either not graduating or having to move to other schools because of their cuts.
 The school mascot is Willy the Wildcat.
 The school colors are black and gold.
 Their most recent rival (in sports) is Pajaro Valley High School, which is also located in Watsonville.
 Watsonville High's long-time rival is Aptos High School; football games between the two schools is known as the "Black and Blue Bowl."
 Watsonville High School is a large school with over 2,000 students and staff, making it the largest school in the Pajaro Valley Unified School district.
The A. Philip Randolph Campus High School is a four-year public high school in New York City.
 It is located in Harlem, adjacent to the City College of New York.
 It occupies a landmark building formerly occupied by The High School of Music & Art.
 The school was established in 1979 as an educational collaboration between the Board of Education and The City College of New York.
 The high school is open to all New York City residents, and more than 90% of its graduates attend college.
 Its daily attendance rate is 90 percent or better throughout the year.
 The students may take eleven advanced placement (AP) courses in five subject areas as well as college courses at Randolph, The City College, and Borough of Manhattan Community College.
 In doing so, many students earn college credits while attending high school.
Mount View High School (MVHS) is a public high school in Welch, West Virginia.
 Located on the grounds of an old strip mine in the mountains of McDowell County, West Virginia, Mount View High School is one of two schools in the Welch area, with the other being Welch Elementary School.
 As of 2010, the school teaches forty-seven courses for its students, and serves grades 6–12.
 The school's colors are gold and brown, which are also shown on the school's mascot, the Golden Knight.
 The average class size is around fifteen to twenty students per teacher, and the school had a combined population of 812 students as of 2014.
 Mount View High School has previously offered evening college classes from Bluefield State College.
The Pennsylvania Governor's School for the Sciences (PGSS) is one of the Pennsylvania Governor's Schools of Excellence, a group of five-week summer programs for gifted high school students in the state of Pennsylvania.
 Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh has hosted the program since its inception in 1982.
 Most recently, it has been directed by Physics Professor Dr. Barry Luokkala.
 Participants are required to be Pennsylvania high school students between their junior and senior years and are required to live in the dormitories for the full five weeks of the program.
 Admission is very competitive - approximately 500 of the most scientifically gifted students in the state compete for 56 to 60 slots in the program.
 The aim of PGSS is to promote interest in science rather than to advance students' knowledge in a specific area.
 The curriculum includes five "core" courses in Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics, and numerous electives.
 In addition to taking classes, students are required to participate in a lab course and a research-style team project.
 The emphasis is on cooperation, rather than competition - students are encouraged to both collaborate with other students on academic work and to interact socially.
 The Residence Life staff provides a number of structured social events to foster friendship and teamwork.
 There is at least one event per day and is advertised on the social calendar in the dorm lobby.
 For many students, the social development gained from the program rivals the scientific knowledge they acquire.
 The students leave the program with a strong bond; most attend an organized reunion the following year after the 4th week of the program.
Harbour View High School is a high school located in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada.
 There are many students attending grades 9-12 there.
 The school has 63 staff members.
 The school's Principal is "Mr. Micheal Butler" and the two Vice Principals are "Mrs. MacGregor (11-12)" and "Mrs. Curwin (9-10)", HVHS was formed in 1997 with 900 students, when the former Saint John Vocational School (200 students) was transformed into HVHS to accommodate School District 8's new geographic zoning policy for its 5 high schools.
 In 2001, the school population was over 1300.
 Harbour View High, despite its location in Saint John's North End, was meant to serve the high school students for Saint John, New Brunswick's Westside, the Grand Bay–Westfield area, and Fundy Shores Dipper Harbour.
 The school, although no longer formally a vocational school, still carries many trade-related options.
 A full range of academic courses exists alongside many vocational-type courses from Metals Processing to Business to Child Studies.
 Harbour View also has a selection of Fine Arts courses which, alongside visual arts and music, offers Fine Arts 110, History of Rock and Roll, and Graphic Art & Design.
Richmond Hill High School is a four-year public high school in Richmond Hill, Queens, New York City, part of the New York City Department of Education.
 Richmond Hill High School was among over two dozen schools due to be closed from June 2012 due to persistently low academic performance.
 According to the schools last progress report, only 58% of all students were able to graduate on time, leaving many students to drop out.
 Responding to low academic performance, the NYCDOE hired a company called "High Schools that Work" at a cost of US$700,000 to help "turn around" the schools performance with little or no results.
 In addition to hiring a company to manage "turnaround", the NYCDOE planned to develop a new school at the site called the 21st Century School of Richmond Hill to improve the school.
 The new school would have a literacy and technology focus designed to interest students in internet based academic work.
