"Circle.
 Square.
 Triangle" is a song by Test Icicles which was released as the second single from their debut album "For Screening Purposes Only" on 24 October 2005.
 The song is their most successful having peaked at #25 in the UK Singles Chart.
"Jungle" is a song by American rock band X Ambassadors and British blues rock singer Jamie N Commons.
 It was released as a single on 18 December 2013 by KIDinaKORNER and Interscope.
 The track appeared on X Ambassadors' 2014 EP "The Reason" and their 2015 studio album "VHS".
"Boa vs. Python" is a song by Test Icicles which was released as the first single from their debut album "For Screening Purposes Only".
 It was released on the 1 August 2005.
 The song peaked at #46 in the UK Singles Chart.
Rory Attwell is an English musician, best known for his part in UK punk trio Test Icicles, who formed in 2004 and played a handful of concerts before disbanding on 22 April 2006, after their sold out final show at the Astoria in London.
 During their time together they released the album "For Screening Purposes Only", and had UK Top 40 singles with "What's Your Damage" and "Circle.
 Square.
 Triangle".
Test Icicles were a short-lived dance-punk band that formed in England, primarily influenced by indie rock but containing musical elements from a variety of genres (notably hip hop, crossover thrash and punk).
 The band was formed in 2004 by Rory Attwell and Sam Mehran, who were later joined by Devonte Hynes.
 Hynes and Mehran were both 18 years old at the time of the band's inception.
 The group has since become notable due to the later success of its members.
For Screening Purposes Only is the debut album by UK dance-punk trio Test Icicles.
 After being released in 2005, the album was critically praised for being unique and compelling in an increasingly homogenous indie music scene.
 Following the group's split in February 2006, the album remains Test Icicles' only LP.
Cannonball is a single released by American singer and songwriter, Skylar Grey.
 The song was written by Grey, Sam Harris, Noah Feldshuh, Casey Harris, Adam Levin and Alex da Kid, produced by the latter, and features the band X Ambassadors.
 "Cannonball" is on "FIFA 16" soundtrack, and was announced by "The Independent".
 It received official digital release on September 25, 2015 "Cannonball" will support the US collaborative tour between Grey and X Ambassadors.
 The song sold around 25,000 digital copies in the United States.
Dig Your Own Grave was a CD/DVD EP released on 23 April 2006 by Test Icicles.
 It contained a CD of remixes and other previously unreleased material, which was accompanied by a DVD of music videos and live footage from a gig at the LSE in London, in November 2005.
 The EP was first sold on the band's final 5 show tour. "
"Dig Your Own Grave"" then became available in record stores a week later.
The Ordinary Boys is the self-titled fourth studio album by The Ordinary Boys released on 2 October 2015.
 The album has so far spawned the singles "Awkward" and "Four Letter Word".
 It was produced by Rory Attwell of Test Icicles and Matt Johnson of Hookworms.
David Joseph Michael Hynes (born December 23, 1985), better known as Devonté "Dev" Hynes or Blood Orange and formerly Lightspeed Champion, is a British singer, songwriter, composer, producer and author.
 From 2004 to 2006, Hynes was a member of the band Test Icicles, playing guitar, synth, and occasionally performing vocals.
 They released one full-length album in 2005.
 Hynes went on to release two solo studio albums as Lightspeed Champion and subsequently three more as Blood Orange, between 2008 and 2016.
 Dev has cited Prince, Hercules & The Love Affair and Gary Utteridge amongst his musical influences.
