Nicholas "Nicky" Wu (born October 31, 1970) is a Taiwanese singer and actor.
 He found fame in 1988 when he became a member of the boy band, Xiao Hu Dui (Little Tiger Team), performing alongside Alec Su and Julian Chen.
 The trio were extremely popular and successful in Taiwan, selling many records in the process.
 During his time with Little Tigers Team, he pursued a solo career, releasing an extensive catalogue of songs, Mandarin and Cantonese albums as a solo artist when member Julian Chen left the group to serve compulsory military service.
 Wu released his debut solo album in 1992.
Boy Band is an American television music competition series that premiered on June 22, 2017 on ABC.
 The 10-episode first season features young male vocalists competing to become a member of a new five-piece boy band.
 The final five boys who form the boy band receive a recording contract with Hollywood Records and perform the band's debut single during the finale.
 On August 24, 2017, it was announced on the live show that Brady Tutton, Chance Perez, Drew Ramos, Sergio Calderon, and Michael Conor were the new members of the boy band, In Real Life.
 They performed for the very first time their first single, "Eyes Closed".
The5 are a pop boy band composed of Kazem Chamas, Ahmed Hassan, Adil Echbiy, Said Karmouz and Mohamed Bouhezza (aka BMd).
 They finished second in the fourth series of the Arabic televised singing competition "The X Factor Arabia" in 2015 and are currently considered the most popular boy band in the Middle East region.
"If You Come Back" is a song by English boy band Blue, released as the third single from their debut studio album "All Rise" (2001).
 It sold over 1 million singles worldwide.
 It was written by Ray Ruffin, Nicole Formescu, Ian Hope, and Lee Brennan of boy band 911.
 The song has received a silver sales status certification for sales of over 200,000 copies in the UK.
Said and Done is the debut album by Irish boy band Boyzone.
 The album was released on 21 August 1995 by Polydor Records.
 As of December 1997, the album had sold 2.2 million copies worldwide.
24/Seven is the third studio album released by American boy band Big Time Rush, released on June 11, 2013 by Columbia Records before the group's indefinite hiatus.
 The album experiments with a dance-rock and R&B sound.
 It also serves as the follow-up to their second studio album "Elevate".
 The band worked with producers Matt Squire and Damon Sharpe, as they had done in the past, in an effort to mature their sound yet not stray away from their well-known qualities.
 The four members co-wrote twelve songs (including five deluxe edition bonus tracks) with several hired songwriters.
 The album was preceded by the release of the promotional singles "Like Nobody's Around" and "Confetti Falling".
CatEye Co., Ltd. (株式会社キャットアイ , Kabushiki-gaisha Kyattoai ) , better known by its brand name CatEye, is a Japanese company.
 It is a manufacturer of cycle computers, lights, reflectors, toe clips, bottle cages and other accessories which sell worldwide.
 The company was founded in 1954 in Osaka, Japan and developed the first flashing bicycle light in 1964, and other innovations that it first introduced into the marketplace include flashing LED headlamps.
 It released its first cycle computer in 1981.
Combatwoundedveteran or Combat Wounded Veteran were a grindcore band split between Ithaca, New York and Tampa, Florida that was heavily influenced by early grindcore, screamo, math rock and powerviolence.
 In their 7 years of existence they managed to put out several splits, including one with heavily influential screamo band Orchid, a 10" EP, one full-length album and a posthumous release that compiles nearly all their splits and early EPs.
 Though the band did not tour very often or put out many records their footprint is still visible in the screamo and powerviolence underground.
 The band was signed to famous Florida record label No Idea Records late in their career.
 Guitarist Chris Norris currently does graphic design under the name Steak Mtn.
 and has contributed artwork for releases by groups such as Atom And His Package, Orchid and Against Me!
.
Carry the Banner is the third EP by the Berkeley, California-based punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
 Originally released on 10" vinyl in December 1994 through Too Many Records, the EP was reissued on CD by Lookout Records shortly after as the initial vinyl pressing sold out quickly.
 It was the group's first release to feature Jason White on guitar/vocals, replacing Sarah Kirsch, who left the band in 1994 due to differences with Billie Joe Armstrong after his main band Green Day signed to major label Reprise Records.
Masahiro Nakai (中居 正広 , Nakai Masahiro , born August 18, 1972) is a Japanese television host, actor, newscaster, radio personality.
 He was the leader of the now defunct boy band SMAP, which had been the best-selling boy band in Asia.
 While working as a member of a boy band, he worked extensively as a television presenter, hosting many of his own talk shows, variety shows, music shows, news programs, and several Olympic games as a sportscaster.
 His conversational method and technique has been critically praised, establishing himself as one of the most well-respected, iconic hosts in the Japanese entertainment industry.
 He is the host of six weekly television programs and one radio program.
