TFF Third League (Turkish Football Federation Third League) or "TFF 3.
 Lig" (in Turkish), is the fourth level in the Turkish football league system.
 It was founded in 2001–02 season as a continuation of then third level division Turkish Third Football League.
 2010–11 is the 10th season of the league.
 In its tenth season the league was named "Spor-Toto Third League" due to sponsorship.
Igor Prijić (born 30 September 1989) is a Croatian football striker who plays for the Croatian Third Football League club NK Vinogradar.
 Prijić started his professional career with NK Osijek, from where he was sent on loan to Pomorac and Marsonia, before he was transferred in Segesta Sisak in 2012.
 He made his international debut for Croatia youth football national teams in 2007.
Aldeburgh Lifeboat Station is an RNLI station located in the town of Aldeburgh in the English county of Suffolk.
 the lifeboat station evolved from the Suffolk Shipwreck Association station in 1851 which was originally in Sizewell and there has been a lifeboat here since that date.
 The present station has two boats on station.
 These are the "Mersey"-class lifeboat  and the "D"-class (IB1) Inshore lifeboat  .
 The station covers the coast from Harwich to the south, and Southwold to the North.
The Croatian Third Football League (Croatian: "Treća hrvatska nogometna liga" , or commonly Treća HNL or 3.
 HNL) is the third tier of the football league system in Croatia.
 The league was established in 1991 following the dissolution of the Yugoslav League.
 It is operated by the Croatian Football Federation.
Burçin Erseçal (born March 11, 1990) is a Turkish women's football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women's Third Football League for Dörtyol Belediyespor in Adana with jersey number 10.
 She was a member of the Turkey women's national under-19 football team.
The nation of Barbados has been an avid supporter of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM).
 Barbados was one of the four founding members in 1973 which then along with Guyana, Jamaica, and Trinidad & Tobago moved to establish the organisation then known as the Caribbean Community and Common Market.
 This new organisation became a successor to the Caribbean Free Trade Association (CARIFTA) of which Barbados was also a member.
 The incoming representative of Barbados to CARICOM is Robert Bobby Morris, who will replace Dennis Kellman on 1 December 2011.
The Romani people official football team is a national football team representing the Romani people.
 It is not affiliated to any FIFA confederation, so it cannot play in any of their tournaments.
 It is, however, affiliated to ConIFA, and play in the ConIFA European Football Cup.
 They played in the 2015 edition, where they finished 5th out of 6, above the hosts Székely Land.
 They showed good form and skill, and they narrowly lost to Ellan Vannin and Padania.
 Since January 2016 the third football team of Milan – Brera Calcio – ,whose chairman is Alessandro Aleotti, is managing the Romani People national team as a tool to fight the ongoing discrimination of the Romani People across Europe.
 Brera Calcio is launching a new project which aims to use football as a way for changing the perception and growing the awareness of Romani People.
 The football club is working in collaboration with the international activist Dijana Pavlovic, a Romani actress with a Serbian passport living in Milan.
Bobby Noble, aka Jean Bobby Noble or J. Bobby Noble, is a professor at York University in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 He is the author of the books "Masculinities Without Men?
" and "Sons of the Movement" and is one of the foremost scholars of transgender studies in North America.
Masculinities without Men?
 is a book by Jean Bobby Noble.
The Football League 1890–1891 was the third Football league season, after dominating and being crowned champions for the first two football league seasons Preston North End slipped to second and Everton won the league with a two-point gap.
 Meanwhile, there had been changes in the league since the last football league season, Stoke had not been re-elected to the football league, so joined the rival Football Alliance.
 They were replaced with Sunderland, who were nicknamed "the team of all talents" at the time.
