The videography of American pop/R&B recording artist Whitney Houston consists of fifty-five music videos, four music video compilations, a concert tour video and three music video singles.
 In 1983, Houston signed a recording contract with Arista Records and two years after released her eponymous debut album.
 Houston's first music video was for the single "You Give Good Love", which was selected to establish her in the black marketplace first.
 In the video of worldwide hit "Saving All My Love for You", she played a beaming All-American girl shadowed by her secret lover's wife.
 The following video "How Will I Know", directed by Brian Grant, that helped introduce the singer to a wider audience when it became one of the first videos by a black female singer to earn heavy rotation on MTV, blasting open the doors for a whole generation of R&B and pop divas to follow.
 The clip won MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video at its 3rd ceremony of 1986. "
Greatest Love of All", the final single released from Houston's debut album, which helped cement the M.O. for the classic Whitney video.
 In June 1986, Houston released her first video compilation "The No. 1 Video Hits", containing her four music videos off the "Whitney Houston" album.
 The video compilation reached number-one on the "Billboard" Top Music Videocassettes chart and stayed at the top spot for 22 weeks, which remains the all-time record for a video collection by a female artist, and was certified Platinum for shipments of 100,000 units by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on July 15, 1986.
 In 1987, "I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)", the first single from her second album "Whitney", was one of Houston's most recognized music videos in company with the song's smash hit worldwide.
 Houston's fashion and hairstyle in the clip―towering curly wig, colorful dangly earrings and a series of going-to-the-club outfits―became one of her iconic looks.
Xavin is a fictional superhero in the Marvel Comics "Runaways".
 They are a Super-Skrull in training, created by author Brian K. Vaughan & artist Adrian Alphona, and debuted in "Runaways" vol.
 2 #7.
 Although Alphona was the series' artist at the time, artist Takeshi Miyazawa first drew the character on print.
 Xavin had first appeared to the Runaways, taking on the form of a black male, but changed into a black female just for the sake of Karolina Dean, a lesbian whom they were to marry.
 Xavin is often seen as a male, simply to be "intimidating".
 Xavin, often called "Xav" for short, is known for their obtuse and warlike personality.
 They had originally found it hard to fit in with the Runaways due in part to their constant gender switching and unfamiliarity with Earth values and norms, though through proving their loyalty to the group, found acceptance.
 They are the child of the Skrull Prince De'zean.
Helena Andrews (born October 28, 1980) is an author, journalist and pop culture critic.
 Her first book, "Bitch is the New Black", was published by HarperCollins in June 2010.
 "Bitch is the New Black" is a collection of essays chronicling her experiences as a single black female in Washington, D.C. First conceptualized as a daily blog documenting the sad state of dating among educated African Americans, "Bitch is the New Black" evolved to describe all the influences and impacts on the modern black woman.
 Andrews is currently writing a screenplay for the movie version of the book.
 The film rights have been optioned by "Grey's Anatomy" creator/executive producer Shonda Rhimes, who will serve as executive producer for the project.
Ava Marie DuVernay ( ; born August 24, 1972) is an American director, screenwriter, film marketer, and film distributor.
 At the 2012 Sundance Film Festival, DuVernay won the Best Director Prize for her second feature film "Middle of Nowhere", becoming the first African-American woman to win the award.
 For her work in "Selma" (2014), DuVernay was the first black female director to be nominated for a Golden Globe Award.
 With "Selma", she was also the first black female director to have her film nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
 In 2017, she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for her film "13th" (2016).
Lieutenant Commander Michael Burnham is a fictional character on "" portrayed by American actress Sonequa Martin-Green.
 As the First Officer of the  and  , she serves as the series lead.
 The character is introduced as an anthropologist helping the Earth-based Starfleet understand and engage new cultures in outer space.
 Development of the character was largely praised leading up to the debut for having a black female lead for the first time in "Star Trek" history and reviews of Martin-Green's performance have been positive.
Yvonne Hudson (born July 9, 1954) is an American television actress who is best known for being the first African-American female cast member on "Saturday Night Live".
 She joined the cast as a featured player in the show's 1980-1981 season.
 (The first black female repertory player was Danitra Vance.)
 She is also the third African-American to become an "SNL" cast member following Garrett Morris and Eddie Murphy.
 (Murphy joined one week before her.)
 Hudson first appeared on the show in 1978 as an uncredited extra in many episodes.
Brenda Denise Cowan (May 9, 1963 – February 13, 2004), Lexington, Kentucky's first black female firefighter, died in the line of duty on February 13, 2004.
 According to Women in the Fire Service, Lieutenant Cowan is the first black female career firefighter ever to die in the line of duty.
 She had served with the Lexington Fire Department for twelve years.
 Cowan was the sister of Fred Cowan, a member of University of Kentucky's 1978 national championship basketball team.
 Cowan was single and had no children.
Marilyn Bevans was the first sub-three-hour, African-American female marathoner, and the first national-class black female American marathoner.
 She came in second place at the 1973 Maryland Marathon with a time of 3:31:45, and again came in second at the 1977 Boston Marathon, where she ran 2:51:12.
 In 1977, she was ranked as the 10th fastest female marathoner in the world by "Track & Field News".
 Her personal best came in 1979, when she ran 2:49:56 at the 1979 Boston Marathon.
 From 2013, her occupation included being a mid-distance and long-distance running coach at Baltimore's Perry Hall High School.
 She has been named All-Metro Coach of the Year twice.
Pauline Clothilde Henriques (1 April 1914 – 1 November 1998) was a Jamaican-born English actress.
 In 1946, she became the first black female actress for British television.
 She was also the first black female Justice of the Peace, and was awarded the Order of the British Empire in 1969.
 She worked extensively with unmarried mothers and helped found the Brook Counselling and Advisory Clinic.
Nadja Y. West (born 1961) is a United States Army lieutenant general and the 44th U.S. Army Surgeon General and Commanding General of the U.S. Army Medical Command.
 West is the first black Army Surgeon General, and was the first black female, active-duty, major general and the first black female major general in Army Medicine.
 West is also the first Army black female lieutenant general.
 She is the highest ranking female to have graduated from the United States Military Academy.
 She received the Army Distinguished Service Medal, the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, and others.
