Nottingham station, briefly known as Nottingham City and for rather longer as Nottingham Midland, is a railway station and tram stop in the city of Nottingham.
 It is the principal railway station of the city of Nottingham and the Greater Nottingham area.
 It is also a nodal point on the city's tram system, with a tram stop that was originally called Station Street but is now known as Nottingham Station.
The Nanjing South Railway Station () (IATA: NKJ) is a high-speed railway station in Nanjing, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China, serving the Jinghu High-Speed Railway, Huning Intercity Rail, Ninghang Passenger Railway and the Huhanrong (Shanghai–Wuhan–Chengdu) Railways.
 The New Nanjing South Railway Station station is located a few kilometres south of downtown Nanjing.
 The station's construction site is already connected with central Nanjing by Line 1, Line 3 and Line S1 of Nanjing Metro.
 On September 30, 2016 the metro station served a peak volume of 102,300 passengers.
 According to CCTV, it is the world's second largest railway station in terms of GFA (Gross Floor Area) at 458,000 square metre (4,929,871 square ft).
 The dimension of the main roof is 456m x 216m (excluding smaller roof on both sides of the main roof), the main roof is constructed with steel weighing more than 8000 tons.
 The roof on top of the waiting hall area (part of the main roof) is 72,000 square meter (775,001 square ft).
 The entire railway station has 128 escalators, and 28 platforms (a combination of island-platforms and side-platforms).
 At the peak of the construction phase, there were more than 20,000 construction workers and engineers at work.
 Solar panels cover the majority of the railway station roof and are capable of providing 7.17 MW (megawatt) of electricity.
Squires Gate railway station serves the Squires Gate area of the popular seaside resort of Blackpool, Lancashire, England, although it is located just outside the borough boundary.
 It lies on the Blackpool South to Colne line and is the nearest station to Blackpool International Airport.
 Squires Gate is located about 400 m from Starr Gate tram stop on the Blackpool Tramway.
Blackpool South railway station serves the suburban south of the popular seaside resort of Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
 It is the terminus of the "South Fylde Line" 12+1/4 mi west of by rail, though most services run through from Colne.
 It lies only a short walk from Blackpool Football Club's stadium at Bloomfield Road.
 The station is managed by Northern, who operate all trains serving it.
 Blackpool South is located about 500 m from Waterloo Road tram stop on the Blackpool Tramway.
Soho, Benson Road tram stop is a tram stop in Soho, Birmingham, England.
 It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is situated on Midland Metro Line 1.
 It is situated on the site of the old Soho and Winson Green railway station, which was closed in 1972.
Beaconsfield Street is a tram stop on Nottingham Express Transit (NET), in the city of Nottingham suburb of Hyson Green.
 The tram stop opened on 9 March 2004, along with NET's initial system.
 It is located on a one way section of the tramway, and is served only by northbound trams; the nearest southbound stop is the Radford Road tram stop.
 The tram stop is located on street track in Noel Street at its junction with Beaconsfield Street.
 Noel Street is at this point one way northbound, and the stop has a single side platform flanking the single track.
Blackpool Pleasure Beach railway station serves Blackpool Pleasure Beach theme park.
 It is the penultimate station before Blackpool South on the Blackpool South to Colne line.
 There are no free tickets or other concessions for passengers wishing to visit the Pleasure Beach.
 Pleasure Beach Station is located about 300 m from Burlington Road West tram stop on the Blackpool Tramway.
Shipstone Street is a tram stop on Nottingham Express Transit (NET), in the city of Nottingham suburb of Hyson Green.
 The tram stop opened on 9 March 2004, along with NET's initial system.
 It is located on a one way section of the tramway, and is served only by northbound trams; the nearest southbound stop is the Radford Road tram stop.
 The tram stop is located on street track in Shipstone Street and adjacent to Shipstone Street play area.
 The stop has a single side platform flanking the single track.
Moss Side railway station is on the Blackpool South to Preston line, in Lancashire, England.
 It is located in Moss Side, a hamlet where the B5259 (Lytham to Wrea Green) road crosses the railway at a level crossing.
 It is managed by Northern, who operate all passenger services that call there.
Drake Street tram stop was a proposed tram stop for Greater Manchester's Metrolink light rail system, that was to be created to serve passengers boarding and alighting at Drake Street in Rochdale, England.
 It was also known by the name Wet Rake tram stop, and was set to be located on the Oldham and Rochdale Line between Rochdale railway station and Rochdale Town Centre tram stop.
