The University of Central Florida (UCF) is a metropolitan public research and space-grant university located on a 1,415-acre (5.73 km) main campus in Orlando, Florida, United States.
 UCF is a member institution of the State University System of Florida and is the largest university in the United States in terms of undergraduate enrollment.
 It was founded in 1963 as Florida Technological University with the goal of providing highly trained personnel to support the Kennedy Space Center and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on Florida's Space Coast.
 After the university's academic scope expanded in the mid and late 1970s to encompass a wider variety of disciplines, the school was renamed The University of Central Florida in 1978.
 Initial enrollment in 1968 was 1,948 students; as of 2014, the university has 59,770 students from more than 140 countries, all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia.
 Since the university's first graduating class in 1970, UCF has awarded more than 250,000 degrees, including 45,000 graduate and professional degrees, to over 200,000 alumni.
The 2008 UCF Knights football team represented the University of Central Florida in the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 Their head coach was George O'Leary, in his fifth season with the team.
 For the second season, the UCF Knights played all of their home games at Bright House Networks Stadium on the school's main campus in Orlando, Florida.
 The Knights sought unsuccessfully to defend their Conference USA football championship.
The University of Central Florida, or UCF, is an American metropolitan public research university in Orlando, Florida.
 It is the largest university in the United States by undergraduate enrollment, as well as the largest enrollment at a single campus.
The 2015 UCF Knights football team represented the University of Central Florida in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
 The Knights were members of the East Division of the American Athletic Conference (The American), and played their home games at Bright House Networks Stadium on UCF's main campus in Orlando, Florida.
 The Knights were led by head coach George O'Leary, who was in his 12th and final season with the team.
 After starting the season 0–6, O'Leary resigned as UCF's interim athletic director, a position he had held since June when Todd Stansbury left for the same position at Oregon State.
 Following UCF's 59–10 defeat by Houston on homecoming, dropping the Knights to an 0–8 record, O'Leary resigned as head football coach.
 Quarterbacks coach Danny Barrett served as interim head coach for the remainder of the season.
CFE Arena, officially the CFE Federal Credit Union Arena and formerly known as UCF Arena, is a sports and entertainment arena located in Orlando, Florida, United States on the main campus of the University of Central Florida.
 It was constructed beginning in 2006 as a replacement for the original UCF arena, and as a part of Knights Plaza.
 The arena is home to the UCF Knights men's and women's basketball teams.
 In 2010, the Legends Football League team Orlando Fantasy played at the arena.
 The Arena also hosted the annual Science Olympiad in 2012 and 2014.
 For the 2014 season only, it served as the home of the Orlando Predators of the Arena Football League.
Florida International University (FIU) is an American metropolitan public research university in Greater Miami, Florida, United States.
 FIU has two major campuses in Miami-Dade County, with its main campus in University Park.
 Florida International University is classified as a research university with highest research activity by the Carnegie Foundation and a research university by the Florida Legislature.
The Central Florida Knights men's soccer program, commonly referred to as the UCF Knights, represents the University of Central Florida in National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) Division I.
 The Knights compete in the American Athletic Conference (The American) and play their home games on UCF's main campus in Orlando, Florida at the UCF Soccer and Track Stadium.
 The Knights are currently led by head coach Scott Calabrese.
The UCF Knights softball program represents the University of Central Florida in the sport of softball.
 The Knights compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the American Athletic Conference (The American).
 The Knights play their home games at the UCF Softball Complex on UCF's main campus in Orlando, Florida.
 The Knights are coached by head coach Renee Luers-Gillispie.
 In the fourteen-year history of the program, the Knights have won two American regular season championships, three conference tournament championships, and have six appearances in the NCAA Tournament.
The UCF Knights football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the UCF Knights football program in various categories, including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking.
 Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders.
 The Knights represent the University of Central Florida in the NCAA's American Athletic Conference.
The UCF Knights college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing The University of Central Florida in the American Athletic Conference (The American).
 Since the program's first season in 1979 under Don Jonas, the Knights have played over 400 regular-season games, earning 216 official victories.
 UCF and has won four division championships (2005, 2007, 2010, 2012), four conference championships (2007, 2010, 2013, 2014), and has made six postseason appearances since joining FBS (2005, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2012), including the 2014 Fiesta Bowl, a BCS Bowl.
 The Knights current head coach is Scott Frost, former offensive coordinator for the Oregon Ducks.
 The Knights have played their home games at Bright House Networks Stadium located on the main campus of UCF in Orlando, Florida since 2007.
