Steven Tracy Byington (birthname Stephen) (December 10, 1869 – October 12, 1957) was a noted intellectual, translator, and American individualist anarchist.
 He was born in Westford, Vermont, and later moved to Ballardvale section of Andover, Massachusetts.
 A one-time proponent of Georgism, he converted to individualist anarchism after associating with Benjamin Tucker.
 He was a firm believer in the promotion of individualist anarchism through education.
 He said "Anarchism has undertaken to change men's minds in one point by removing their faith in force" ("Quasi-Invasion and the Boycott" in "Liberty, X, 2").
 He began a "Letter Writing Corps" in 1894 which targeted specific individuals, including newspapers, to familiarize others with the philosophical doctrine.
 He is known for translating two important anarchist works into English from German: Max Stirner's "The Ego and Its Own" and Paul Eltzbacher's "Anarchism; exponents of the anarchist philosophy" (also published by Dover with the title "The Great Anarchists: Ideas and Teachings of Seven Major Thinkers").
Rirette Maîtrejean was the pseudonym of Anna Estorges.
 She was a French individualist anarchist born in 1887 in Tulle who collaborated in the French individualist anarchism magazine "L'Anarchie" along with Émile Armand and Albert Libertad.
 She had romantic relationships with Maurice Vandamme and later Victor Serge.
 She converted to anarchism at the age of 17.
 While participating in the journal she gave talks on anarcha-feminist and free love subjects.
 Along with Serge she went on trial in 1912 accused of participating in the illegalist organization Bonnot Gang.
Henry Meulen (1882–1978) was a British individualist anarchist and economist.
 He was an editor of the periodical called "The Individualist", published by the Personal Rights Association and actively promoted the philosophy of free banking.
 He is the author of "Free Banking: An Outline of a Policy on Individualism" (London: Macmillan, 1934) and "Individualist Anarchism" (Glasgow: The Strickland Press, 1949).
Individualist anarchism refers to several traditions of thought within the anarchist movement that emphasize the individual and their will over external determinants such as groups, society, traditions, and ideological systems.
 Individualist anarchism is not a single philosophy but refers to a group of individualistic philosophies that sometimes are in conflict.
 Benjamin R. Tucker, a famous 19th-century individualist anarchist, held that "if the individual has the right to govern himself, all external government is tyranny."
Joe Peacott is an individualist anarchist writer based in the United States.
 He is a leading figure at BAD Press, a publishing outlet for individualist anarchist philosophy.
 His work on economics and sociology has been published by the Libertarian Alliance and referenced favourably by leading anarchist scholars such as Kevin A. Carson.
Émile Gravelle (1855–1920) was a French individualist anarchist and naturist activist, writer and painter.
 He published the review "L'État Naturel" (1894–1898) and collaborated with Henri Zisly and Henri Beylie on "La Nouvelle Humanité", "Le Naturien" (1898), "Le Sauvage" (1898–1899), "L'Ordre Naturel" (1905), and "La Vie Naturelle" (1907–1914).
 His ideas were important in individualist anarchist circles in France as well as Spain, where Federico Urales (pseudonym of Joan Montseny) promoted the ideas of Gravelle and Zisly in "La Revista Blanca" (1898–1905).
L'Anarchie (] , "anarchy") was a French individualist anarchist journal established in April 1905 by Albert Libertad.
 Along with Libertad, contributors to the journal included Émile Armand, André Lorulot, Émilie Lamotte, Raymond Callemin, and Victor Serge).
 The magazine was based in Paris.
Bruno Filippi (March 30, 1900 – September 7, 1919) was an Italian individualist anarchist writer and activist who collaborated in the Italian individualist anarchist magazine "Iconoclasta!"
 alongside Renzo Novatore.
Jacques Élie Henri Ambroise Ner (7 December 1861 – February 6, 1938), also known by the pseudonym Han Ryner, was a French individualist anarchist philosopher and activist and a novelist.
 He wrote for publications such as "L'Art social", "L'Humanité nouvelle", "L'Ennemi du Peuple", "L'Idée Libre de Lorulot"; and "L'En dehors" and "L'Unique" of fellow anarchist individualist Émile Armand.
 His thought is mainly influenced by stoicism and epicureanism.
Lucifer the Lightbearer was an individualist anarchist journal published by Moses Harman in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Originally produced by a local branch of the National Liberal League as the "Valley Falls Liberal" (1880–1883), Harman changed the title after he assumed sole editorship in 1883.
