A national heritage site is a heritage site having a value that has been registered by a governmental agency as being of national importance to the cultural heritage or history of that country.
 Usually such sites are listed in a heritage register that is open to the public, and many are advertised by national visitor bureaus as tourist attractions.
The McAbee Fossil Beds is a Heritage Site that protects an Eocene Epoch fossil locality east of Cache Creek, British Columbia, Canada, just north of and visible from Provincial Highway 97 / the Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 1) at .
 The McAbee Fossil Beds, comprising 548.23 ha , were officially designated a Provincial Heritage Site under British Columbia's Heritage Conservation Act on July 19, 2012.
 The site is part of an old lake bed which was deposited about 52 million years ago and is internationally recognised for the diversity of plant, insect, and fish fossils found there.
 Similar fossil beds in Eocene lake sediments, also known for their well preserved plant, insect and fish fossils, are found at Driftwood Canyon Provincial Park near Smithers in northern British Columbia, on the Horsefly River near Quesnel in central British Columbia, and at Republic in Washington, United States.
 The Princeton Chert fossil beds in southern British Columbia are also Eocene, but primarily preserve an aquatic plant community.
 A recent review of the early Eocene fossil sites from the interior of British Columbia discusses the history of paleobotanical research at McAbee, the Princeton Chert, Driftwood Canyon, and related Eocene fossil sites such as at Republic.
Bustard Head Light is an active lighthouse located on the southeast tip of Bustard Head, a headland, about 20 km northwest of Seventeen Seventy, in the Australian state of Queensland, within the Eurimbula National Park and locality of Eurimbula.
 Built in 1868, it is the second-oldest lightstation in the state, following Cape Moreton Light, and the first to be built in Queensland after its formation in 1859.
 It is also one of the first in Australia to be constructed using bolted prefabricated segments of cast iron, and one of only two such lighthouses in Queensland, the other being its sibling, Sandy Cape Light.
 It serves as the central relay for Dent Island Light, Pine Islet Light and Lady Elliot Island Light and as the radio check post for Cape Capricorn Light, Sandy Cape Light and Double Island Point Light.
Captain Cook's Landing Place is a heritage-listed site at Seventeen Seventy, Gladstone Region, Queensland, Australia.
 It is so named because Captain Cook landed there on 24 May 1770.
 It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 27 March 1996.
The Waldschlösschen Bridge (German: Waldschlößchenbrücke or Waldschlösschenbrücke ) is a road bridge across the Elbe river in Dresden.
 The bridge was intended to remedy inner-city traffic congestion.
 Its construction was highly controversial, as the Dresden Elbe Valley had been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site and UNESCO expressed strong concerns against the bridge, noting its intent to withdraw the World Heritage title if the bridge were built.
 As a result of this project, the Dresden Elbe Valley was listed in 2006 as an "Endangered World Heritage Site" (one of two in Europe, the Medieval Monuments in Kosovo being the other one), and in 2009 became only the second World Heritage Site to be de-listed.
The Garden of Cultivation (; Suzhou Wu: Nyi pu, ] ) located at No.5 Wenya Nong (文衙弄5号) in Suzhou city, of Jiangsu Province, China.
 It is one of the best preserved examples of a Ming Dynasty classical garden in Suzhou.
 It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site "Classical Gardens of Suzhou" on the World Heritage List.
 "Due to its special history, this Garden was virtually unknown before it was listed as a UN World Cultural Heritage site."
Blegny-Mine was a coal mine in Trembleur, near Liège, in Belgium which today is preserved as an industrial heritage site and show mine.
 The museum features on the European Route of Industrial Heritage and is one of the four Walloon mining sites listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 2012.
Cape Byron is the easternmost point of the mainland of Australia.
 It is located about 3 km east of the town of Byron Bay and projects into the Pacific Ocean.
 The cape was named by British explorer Captain James Cook, when he passed the area on 15 May 1770, to honour British explorer John Byron who circumnavigated the globe in HMS "Dolphin" from 1764 to 1766.
 The Cape is part of the Cape Byron State Conservation Area.
Seventeen Seventy, also written as 1770, is a town and locality in Gladstone Region, Queensland, Australia, built on the site of the second landing by James Cook and the crew of HM Bark Endeavour in May 1770 (Cook's first landing in what is now the state of Queensland).
 Originally known as Round Hill – after the creek it sits on – the name was changed in 1970 to commemorate the bicentenary of Cook's visit.
 The community of Seventeen Seventy hold the re-enactment of this historic landing each year as part of the 1770 Festival held in May.
The Bois du Cazier was a coal mine in what was then the town of Marcinelle, near Charleroi, in Belgium which today is preserved as an industrial heritage site.
 It is best known as the location of a major mining disaster that took place on August 8, 1956 in which 262 men, including a large number of Italian labourers, were killed.
 Aside from memorials to the disaster, the site features a small woodland park, preserved headframes and buildings, as well as an Industrial Museum and Glass Museum.
 The museum features on the European Route of Industrial Heritage and is one of the four Walloon mining sites listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 2012.
