Liriodendron chinense (commonly known as the Chinese tulip poplar, Chinese tulip tree or Chinese whitewood) is Asia's native species in the "Liriodendron" genus.
 This native of central and southern China grows in the provinces of Anhui, Guangxi, Jiangsu, Fujian, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Shaanxi, Zhejiang, Sichuan and Yunnan, and also locally in northern Vietnam.
 Protected populations occur in the Tianmushan National Reserve, Huangshan, Wuyi Shan, and Badagongshan Nature Reserve.
Laurus azorica (also called Azores laurel or Macaronesian laurel) is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family, related to "Laurus nobilis".
 It is a small aromatic tree.
 A recent study found considerable genetic diversity within "L. nobilis", and that "L. azorica" is not genetically or morphologically distinct.
Liriodendron tulipifera—known as the tulip tree, American tulip tree, tuliptree, tulip poplar, whitewood, fiddletree, and yellow-poplar—is the Western Hemisphere representative of the two-species genus "Liriodendron," and the tallest eastern hardwood.
 It is native to eastern North America from Southern Ontario and Illinois eastward to southeastern Massachusetts and Rhode Island, and south to central Florida and Louisiana.
 It can grow to more than 50 m in virgin cove forests of the Appalachian Mountains, often with no limbs until it reaches 25 – in height, making it a very valuable timber tree.
 It is fast-growing, without the common problems of weak wood strength and short lifespan often seen in fast-growing species.
 April marks the start of the flowering period in the southern USA (except as noted below); trees at the northern limit of cultivation begin to flower in June.
 The flowers are pale green or yellow (rarely white), with an orange band on the tepals; they yield large quantities of nectar.
 The tulip tree is the state tree of Indiana, Kentucky, and Tennessee.
Mezilaurus is a genus of plant in the family Lauraceae.
 It is a neotropical genus consisting of 18-27 species, mostly hardwood evergreen trees, occurring from Costa Rica to the southeast of Brazil (Werff 1987).
 13 species have been identified in Brazil, distributed mostly in the Amazon region.
 In Rio de Janeiro state only "M. navalium" (Allemão) Taub.
 ex Mez has been recorded.
 Some species have been reported within the Cerrado and in semideciduous forest surrounding the Pantanal Matogrossense.
 The name "Mezilaurus" (half laurel) refers to its similar appearance to the genus "Laurus".
Viburnum tinus (Laurustinus, laurustinus viburnum, or laurestine) is a species of flowering plant in the family Adoxaceae, native to the Mediterranean area of Europe and North Africa.
 "Laurus" signifies the leaves' similarities to bay laurel.
Laurus novocanariensis is an evergreen large shrub or tree with aromatic, shiny dark-green foliage.
 belonging to "Laurus" genus of evergreen trees belonging to the Laurel family, Lauraceae.
 The genus includes three species, whose diagnostic key characters often overlap.
 Under favorable conditions it is an impressive tree of 3 to 20 m. tall.
 It is native of rich soils in the cloud zone of always moist spots in subtropical climate with a high air-humidity, on the Canary and Madeira islands.
Phytophthora kernoviae is a plant pathogen that mainly infects European beech ("Fagus sylvatica") and "Rhododendron ponticum".
 It was first identified in 2003 in Cornwall, UK when scientists were surveying for the presence of "Phytophthora ramorum".
 This made it the third new "Phytophthora" species to be found in the UK in a decade.
 It was named "Phytophthora kernoviae", after the ancient name for Cornwall, Kernow.
 It causes large stem lesions on beech and necrosis of stems and leaves of "Rhododendron ponticum".
 It is self-fertile.
 It has also been isolated from "Quercus robur" and "Liriodendron tulipifera".
 The original paper describing the species, stated it can infect "Magnolia" and "Camellia" species, "Pieris formosa", "Gevuina avellana", "Michelia doltsopa" and "Quercus ilex".
 Since then many other plants have been identified as natural hosts of the pathogen.
 Molecular analysis has revealed that an infection on "Pinus radiata", recorded in New Zealand in 1950, was caused by "P. kernoviae".
Laurus is a genus of evergreen trees belonging to the Laurel family, Lauraceae.
 The genus includes three or more species.
Hakea laurina is a plant of Southwest Australia that is widely cultivated and admired.
 The species is often referred to as Kodjet, Pincushion Hakea, and Emu Bush.
 The specific epithet, derived from the Latin "laurus", is given for the resemblance to the leaves of laurel.
 The Noongar name for the plant is Kodjet or Kojet.
Morchella ulmaria is a species of fungus in the family Morchellaceae.
 It was described as new to science in 2012 by Philippe Clowez.
 Later in the same year, Michael Kuo and colleagues described "Morchella cryptica", which is a junior synonym of "M. ulmaria".
 The species occurs in the forests of Midwestern North America, often associated with white ash ("Fraxinus americana"), the American tulip tree ("Liriodendron tulipifera") or species of maple or elm.
 It is closely related to "M. castanea" and 2 unnamed species from Asia.
