Darragh Park (July 24, 1939 – April 17, 2009) was an American Artist, and the literary executor of the estate of Pulitzer Prize–winning poet James Schuyler.
 Perhaps best known for his book cover illustrations, Park painted landscapes as well as cityscapes in the style of Fairfield Porter.
 He was based in Bridgehampton, NY and his works were on exhibit at the Parrish Art Museum.
 and at the Guild Hall in East Hampton.
Clemence Annie Housman (23 November 1861 – 6 December 1955) was an author, illustrator and activist in the women's suffrage movement.
 She was the sister of A. E. Housman and Laurence Housman.
 Her novels included "The Were-Wolf", "Unknown Sea" and" The Life of Sir Aglovale De Galis".
 She was also a leading figure in the Suffragette movement.
Locus Solus was an American journal of experimental poetry and prose that published four issues in 1961 and 1962, one a double issue.
 The magazine was edited by the poets John Ashbery, Kenneth Koch, and James Schuyler, all of whom contributed to its four issues.
 The content was completely in English but the journal was published in France (in Lans-en-Vercors) by Harry Mathews.
Pierre Martory (December 1, 1920 – October 5, 1998) was a French poet whose influence on New York School poets was quiet but profound.
 His work was admired by Frank O'Hara, James Schuyler, Harry Mathews, and others, and translated extensively by John Ashbery, with whom he shared his life in Paris for nearly a decade.
 His work has appeared in many books in both England and the United States, as well as in "The New Yorker" and "Poetry".
 Martory’s personal “charm,” the poet Ann Lauterbach once said, “devolved back to the original meaning of ‘spell.
’” However, as Ashbery has noted, “Both the humor and the sadness in his poems are always rendered with an unemphatic clarity that is certainly Mozartian.”
When I Was One-and-Twenty, or Poem XIII, is the informal name of an untitled poem by A. E. Housman, published in "A Shropshire Lad" in 1896.
 It is the thirteenth in a cycle of 63 poems.
 One of Housman's most familiar poems, it is untitled but often anthologised under a title taken from its first line. "
The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations" includes fourteen of its sixteen lines.
 Housman's "New York Times" obituary mentioned the poem: "Typical of his lyrics is the poem which has thrilled the world where English is spoken."
 Its subject matter, "then and now" temporal perspective, meter, and narrative structure within each verse parallel those of William Butler Yeats' "Down by the Salley Gardens", itself a reworking of "The Rambling Boys of Pleasure".
Trevor Winkfield (born 1944) is a British-born artist and writer.
 Drawing upon his interest in both modernist literary movements and medieval architecture and pageantry, Winkfield has collaborated with many contemporary poets and writers, including John Ashbery, Harry Mathews, James Schuyler, and Ron Padgett.
The Invention of Love is a 1997 play by Tom Stoppard portraying the life of poet A. E. Housman, focusing specifically on his personal life and love for a college classmate.
 The play is written from the viewpoint of Housman, dealing with his memories at the end of his life, and contains many classical allusions.
 "The Invention of Love" received both the Evening Standard Award (U.K.) and the New York Drama Critics Circle Award (U.S.) for Best Play.
"Is My Team Ploughing" is a poem by A. E. Housman, published as number XXVII in his 1896 collection "A Shropshire Lad".
 It is a conversation between a dead man and his still living friend.
 Towards the end of the poem it is implied that the friend is now with the girl he left behind when he died.
 In writing the poem, Housman borrows from the simple style of traditional folk ballads, featuring a question-and-answer format in a conversation.
Charles North (born June 9, 1941) is an American poet, essayist and teacher.
 Described by the poet James Schuyler as “the most stimulating poet of his generation,” he has received two National Endowment for the Arts Creative Writing Fellowships, an Individual Artist’s Grant from the Foundation for Contemporary Arts, four Fund for Poetry awards, and a Poets Foundation award.
Keith Jebb is a contemporary English poet and critic.
 He attended St Catharine's College, Cambridge, and is the current Head Lecturer of Creative Writing at the University of Bedfordshire, Luton.
 He is also the author of "A. E. Housman" (Seren Press), a work commended by Harold Bloom in the introduction to his "A. E. Housman".
