Else Ury's Nesthäkchen is a Berlin doctor's daughter, Anne Marie Braun, a slim, golden blond, quintessential German girl.
 The ten book follows Annemarie from infancy (Nesthäkchen and Her Dolls) to old age and grandchildren (Nesthäkchen with White Hair).
 Volume 4 describes Anne Marie's experiences in World War I from 1914 to 1916.
Point Anne is a ghost town on the Bay of Quinte near Belleville, Ontario, Canada.
 It was the birthplace of hockey greats Bobby Hull and Dennis Hull, as well as painter Manley MacDonald.
 During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the Portland cement industry was positively booming.
 Portland cement, now a staple in today's building industry, first hit the market in the late 1800s and instantly captured worldwide attention.
 The product was much harder and far more durable than the earlier lime mortars and the world couldn't get enough of it.
In the course of his Gallic Wars, Julius Caesar invaded Britain twice: in 55 and 54 BC.
 The first invasion, in late summer, was unsuccessful, gaining the Romans little else besides a beachhead on the coast of Kent.
 The second invasion achieved more: the Romans installed a king, Mandubracius, who was friendly to Rome, and they forced the submission of Mandubracius's rival, Cassivellaunus.
 No territory was conquered and held for Rome; instead, all Roman-occupied territory was restored to the allied Trinovantes, along with the promised tribute of the other tribes in what is now eastern England.
Manly Edward MacDonald (1889 – 1971) was a Canadian semi-impressionistic painter who was born in Point Anne, close to Belleville, Ontario.
 He was the son of William MacDonald, a farmer and fisherman who emigrated to Canada from England.
 His work captured and recorded rural Ontario practices such as ploughing, cutting ice, collecting sap, logging and fishing.
 He is particularly renowned for his depictions of working horses in flowing motion, streams and gristmills.
 MacDonald also painted landscapes and the occasional portrait.
Seonbawi Station is a station on Seoul Subway Line 4 in Gwacheon, Gyeonggi-do.
 Most of its passengers use the station as a transfer point between various buses and Line 4.
 Besides a few bus stops, there really is not much else in the vicinity of this station.
libguestfs is a C library and a set of tools for accessing and modifying virtual disk images used in platform virtualization.
 The tools can be used for viewing and editing virtual machines (VMs) managed by libvirt and files inside VMs, scripting changes to VMs, creating VMs, and much else besides.
Painface is an American Death metal band that originally formed in 1997 in Des Moines, Iowa, by former Slipknot frontman Anders Colsefni.
 The band broke up in 2001, later reforming in 2011, and releasing a new E.P. in 2013 titled 'Skullcrusher'.
 The band was set to release their first album since Fleshcraft (2000), but indifferences where met, and the band broke up yet again in 2015.
 On December 5, 2016, a year later after the band's second dissolution, frontman Colsefni released a 12-second teaser video on YouTube of a new track titled 'GunSlinger' citing the bands Second Reformation.
 Little is known to who else besides Anders are a part of the newest lineup.
Else Ury's Nesthäkchen is a Berlin doctor's daughter, Anne Marie Braun, a slim, golden blond, quintessential German girl.
 The ten book follows Annemarie from infancy (Nesthäkchen and Her Dolls) to old age and grandchildren (Nesthäkchen with White Hair).
 Volume 6, published 1921, describes Anne Marie's college days, courtship and marriage.
"O Tú o Ninguna" (English: "Or You or Nobody" ) is a song written by Juan Carlos Calderón and produced and performed by Mexican singer Luis Miguel.
 The song is a bolero in which the protagonist cannot envision his life without anyone else besides his love interest.
 It was released as the second single from the album "Amarte Es un Placer" on 6 September 1999.
 The track reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart in the United States and peaked at number seven on the Brazilian Singles Chart.
Robert Marvin "Bobby" Hull, OC (born January 3, 1939) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who is regarded as one of the greatest players of all time.
 His blonde hair, end to end rushes, incredible skating speed, and ability to shoot the puck at very high velocity all earned him the nickname "The Golden Jet".
 His talents were such that often one or two opposing players were assigned just to shadow him—a tribute to his explosiveness.
