Brett Banasiewicz (born September 26, 1994), nicknamed "Mad Dog", is an American professional BMX rider living in South Bend, Indiana.
 He became a professional BMX rider at the age of 13.
 In the 2010, 2011, and 2012 Brett competed in the BMX park discipline at the X Games finishing 4th, 7th and 4th respectively.
 On August 23, 2012 he crashed in a practice session at the Vans LXVI BMX Invitational at Virginia Beach, Virginia suffering a head injury.
 He spent 15 days in a medically induced coma whilst being treated at Sentara Princess Anne Hospital (Virginia Beach, VA).
Mat Hoffman (born January 9, 1972) is an American BMX rider considered one of the best vert ramp riders in the history of the sport.
 He is nicknamed "The Condor" and runs the BMX Freestyle brand Hoffman BMX Bikes based out of Oklahoma City, OK.
Real World/Road Rules Challenge 2000 is the 3rd season of the MTV reality game show, "The Challenge" (at the time known as "Real World/Road Rules Challenge").
 The season is directly subsequent to "Real World/Road Rules Challenge" the season.
Shaun Butler (born Goldie LeShaun Butler) is an American BMX rider.
 He is an 3X XGAMES BMX Professional Athlete, and MTV Sports Music Festival Winner.
 He was born to Gwen Butler on June 29, 1976 in Fullerton, California.
 Butler has been riding professionally since 1993, and is one of ten professionals featured in the Dave Mirra games on PlayStation and PlayStation 2.
 His sponsors include KHE Bikes, TSA Clothing, DC Shoes, Fox Racing, Spy Eyewear and Bell Sports.
David Michael "Dave" Mirra (April 4, 1974 – February 4, 2016) was an American BMX rider who later competed in rallycross racing.
 Mirra held the record for most X Games medals in BMX Freestyle, and medalled in every X Games from when they started in 1995 up to 2009.
 As a BMX rider, he was known primarily as a vert ramp and park rider.
 He had also competed for several years with the Subaru Rally Team USA as a rallycross driver.
 He rode and was sponsored by Haro Bikes from the mid 1990s until starting his own bike company.
 Mirra was a member of the team which won the 2014 Race Across America four-person male (under 50) category.
 Mirra died by way of suicide on February 4, 2016.
 He was inducted into the BMX Hall of Fame on June 11, 2016.
Josh Harrington (born August 21, 1983) is an American BMX rider, from Greenville, North Carolina.
 He has been riding since 1996, when he was in the 7th grade.
 Harrington has been featured in BMX films, including "Endsearch", "Sentenced To Life", "Flipside", "Useless-The Evil Eye", "Useless-Filler", "Against The Grain", "Drama", "RideBMX-Parts", "RideBMX-Flipside" and "Premium video".
 He produced "Against The Grain" in 2002.
 In 2006, Harrington won the Nora Cup for "Best Video Part of the Year" in the premium video.
 In 2008, Harrington won the Nora Cup for "Video of the Year", for producing "Endsearch".
 Harrington's sponsors include Oakley, Kenda, Vans, Rockstar Energy Drink, and Bullbar.
Scotty Cranmer (born January 11, 1987) is an American BMX rider.
 He is tied with Dave Mirra for the most X Games BMX Park medals with nine, three each in gold, silver and bronze over fourteen appearances.
 He attended Jackson Memorial High School.
 Nicknamed "the Bulldozer", he is sponsored by Vans Shoes, Hyper Bike Co., Fox Clothing, Pro-tec Helmets, Monster Energy Drink and Snafu.
 He owns a bike shop in Howell , NJ called SC Action Sports Bicycle Shop.
 He is also widely known for having a YouTube channel under the name "Scotty Cranmer" in which he makes videos with his friends riding skateparks, driving cars, and playing games while riding their bikes.
 His younger brother Matty is a regular guest on the channel.
 As of August 2017, the channel has accumulated over 1,000,000 subscribers and 200 million total views since releasing his first video in September 2015.
Tonya Cooley (born January 7, 1980, in Visalia, California) is a former cast member on MTV's reality television series, "", the 11th season of "The Real World", which aired in 2002.
 She was then a regular on the spin-off series, "Real World/Road Rules Challenge", participating in eight challenges, with her last being in 2009.
 She also posed for "Playboy" as a Cyber Girl of the Week and appeared in an episode of the Cinemax adult series "The Erotic Traveler".
 The stressful environment of the "Real World/Road Rules Challenge" seasons lead to a bout with alcoholism, but in 2016, BuzzFeed News reported she has gained sobriety in the years since leaving the series and that she is now a salon owner.
 Cooley told the publication, "I am a genuinely happy person now."
The Challenge (originally known as Road Rules: All Stars, followed by Real World/Road Rules Challenge) is a reality game show on MTV that is spun off from the network's two reality shows, "Real World" and "Road Rules".
 It features alumni from these two shows, in addition to first-time cast members called 'Fresh Meat', alumni from "Are You the One?
", and relatives of these cast members called 'Bloodlines', competing against one another for a cash prize.
 "The Challenge" is currently hosted by T. J. Lavin.
Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Gauntlet is the 7th season of the MTV reality game show, "The Challenge" (at the time known as "Real World/Road Rules Challenge").
 The season is directly subsequent to "".
 "The Gauntlet" featured 28 castmates competing in missions with an immunity life-saver awarded to the best individual performer.
 Each team would then select a player from their team to go into the Gauntlet elimination challenge.
 This challenge was held in Telluride, Colorado.
 It was hosted by Jonny Moseley.
