The Unwinding: An Inner History of the New America is a 2013 non-fiction book by the American journalist George Packer.
 The book uses biographies of individual Americans as a means of discussing important forces in American history from 1978 to 2012, including the subprime mortgage crisis, the decline of American manufacturing, and the influence of money on politics.
 "The Unwinding" includes lengthy profiles of five subjects: a Youngstown, Ohio factory worker turned community organizer, a biodiesel entrepreneur from North Carolina, a Washington lobbyist and Congressional staffer, the Silicon Valley entrepreneur Peter Thiel, and people involved in the distressed housing market in Tampa, Florida.
 Interspersed with these longer accounts are ten briefer biographical sketches of famous Americans such as the rapper Jay-Z, the politician Newt Gingrich, and the restaurateur and food activist Alice Waters.
Carnegie Mellon Silicon Valley is a branch campus of Carnegie Mellon University located in the heart of Silicon Valley in Mountain View, California.
 It was established in 2002 at the NASA Ames Research Center in Moffett Field.
 The campus offers full-time and part-time professional Masters programs in Electrical And Computer Engineering, Software Engineering and Software Management, various bi-coastal (split-time between Pittsburgh and Silicon Valley) Masters programs in Information Technology, and a bi-coastal Ph.D. program in Electrical and Computer Engineering.
 One key differentiator between programs in the traditional Pittsburgh campus and the new Silicon Valley campus is a new focus on project-centered "learning by doing" approach to education.
Lala was an online music store created by Silicon Valley entrepreneur Bill Nguyen.
 The service allowed members to legally create online shareable "playlists" (formerly known as "radio stations") of their own uploaded music which could play full length songs for other registered Lala members, purchase MP3s, stream music on a one-time basis or as inexpensively purchased "web songs," buy new CDs from the Lala store, leave blurbs on other members' pages, and participate in the community forums.
 Lala contracted with major labels and offered a large catalog of albums to stream or purchase.
 Their home page claimed over 8 million licensed songs available.
Jon Fisher (born January 19, 1972 in Stanford, California) is a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, investor, author, speaker, philanthropist and inventor.
 He is the CEO and a cofounder of augmented reality streaming start up, CrowdOptic.
 As co-inventor and co-founding CEO, Fisher built three companies including Bharosa—which produced the Oracle Adaptive Access Manager and sold to Oracle Corporation for a reported $50 million in 2007, NetClerk—now part of Roper Technologies and AutoReach—now part of AutoNation.
Kim Karin Polese (born November 13, 1961) is a Silicon Valley entrepreneur and technology executive.
 She currently serves as Chairwoman of ClearStreet Inc., a social finance startup focused on helping people eliminate debt and achieve long-term financial health.
The Oceanic Preservation Society is a Colorado-based 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that promotes marine conservation and environmentalism and addresses issues such as animal rights and censorship.
 It was founded in 2005 by photographer and current executive director Louie Psihoyos and Silicon Valley entrepreneur Jim Clark.
 In 2009, OPS released "The Cove", a documentary film that describes the annual killing of dolphins in a national park at Taiji, Wakayama.
David James Richards is a Silicon Valley entrepreneur and technology executive.
 He currently serves as the co-founder and CEO of WANdisco.
 His entrepreneurship is associated with the UK city of his birth Sheffield.
 In June 2012, he led the company to an IPO on the London Stock Exchange.
Christophe Bisciglia (born 1980) is a Silicon Valley entrepreneur known for helping to popularize MapReduce while at Google, for co-founding Cloudera, a Palo Alto-based company providing tools, services, and support around Apache Hadoop, and more recently for co-founding WibiData, a San Francisco-based company that provides big data applications for enterprises to personalize their customer experiences.
 Prior to Cloudera he founded and lead Google's Academic cloud computing initiative which provides Google hosted computational resources to facilitate education and research to universities around the world.
 In February 2008, the National Science Foundation joined this initiative to distribute Google's computational resources to the national research community.
Will Harvie (born in 1967) is a software developer and Silicon Valley entrepreneur.
 He wrote "Music Construction Set" (1984) for the Apple II, the first commercial sheet music processor for home computers. "Music Construction Set" was ported to other systems by its publisher, Electronic Arts.
 He wrote two games for the Apple IIGS: "Zany Golf" (1988) and "The Immortal" (1990).
 Harvey founded two consumer virtual world Internet companies: IMVU, an instant messaging company, and There, Inc., an MMOG company.
Blueseed is a Silicon Valley-based startup company and a seasteading venture to create a startup community located on a vessel stationed in international waters near the coast of Silicon Valley in the United States.
 The intended location (outside the territorial seas of the United States, 12 nautical miles from the coast of California, in the so-called “contiguous zone”) would enable non-U.S. startup entrepreneurs to work on their ventures without the need for a US work visa (H1B), while living in proximity to Silicon Valley and using relatively easier to obtain business and tourism visas (B1/B2) to travel to the mainland.
 After the conclusion of their incubation on the vessel, successful startups may relocate to Silicon Valley and employ local workforce.
 The project received wide media coverage and the promise of funding from venture capitalist Peter Thiel, who also supports The Seasteading Institute, who ultimately did not invest in the seed round.
 Blueseed later obtained US$ in seed funding,
