Esther Daphna "Esti" Ginzburg-Keizman (Hebrew: אסתי גינזבורג‎ ‎ ; born 6 March 1990), is an Israeli fashion model.
 She has modeled in international campaigns for brands like Tommy Hilfiger, Burberry, FCUK, Pull and Bear, and Castro.
 She was also featured in the 2009, 2010, and 2011 "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue".
 According to "Forbes" Israel, she was among the top ten highest paid models in Israel, alongside top Israeli models such as Shlomit Malka, Gal Gadot, and Bar Refaeli.
Sarah Forbes is a volunteer women's lacrosse assistant coach at the University of Maryland.
 Forbes played for the University of Maryland Terrapins, and won three national championships as a player.
 She was a three-time All-American, and was named the ACC Female Athlete of the Year in 1997.
The term Fair Game is used to describe policies and practices carried out by the Church of Scientology towards people and groups it perceives as its enemies.
 Founder L. Ron Hubbard established the policy in the 1950s, in response to criticism both from within and outside his organization.
 Individuals or groups who are "Fair Game" are judged to be a threat to the Church and, according to the policy, can be punished and harassed using any and all means possible.
 In 1968, Hubbard officially canceled use of the term "Fair Game" because of negative public relations it caused, although the Church's aggressive response to criticism continued.
Moushumi Chatterjee (born 26 April 1948 as Moushumi Chattopadhyaya) is an Indian actress who has acted in Hindi and Bengali cinema.
 Her on-screen pairings with actors like Rajesh Khanna, Shashi Kapoor, Jeetendra, Sanjeev Kumar and Vinod Mehra were popular.
 According to a source she wasn't the highest paid actress in Hindi films but in Bengali films she was the sixth highest paid.
Christopher James "Chris" Evans (born 1 April 1966) is an English presenter, businessman and producer for radio and television.
 He started his broadcasting career working for Piccadilly Radio, Manchester, as a teenager, before moving to London as a presenter for the BBC's Greater London Radio and then Channel 4 television, where "The Big Breakfast" made him a star.
 Soon he was able to dictate highly favourable terms, allowing him to broadcast on competing radio and TV stations.
 Slots like the Radio 1 Breakfast Show and "TFI Friday" provided a mix of celebrity interviews, music and comic games, delivered in an irreverent style that attracted high ratings, though often also generated significant numbers of complaints.
 By 2000 he was the UK's highest paid entertainer, according to the "Sunday Times" Rich List.
 In the tax year to April 2017, he was the BBC's highest paid presenter, earning between £2.2m and £2.25m.
Tuğba Özay Fattizzo (née Özay; born February 10, 1978 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish model-turned-singer and a famous star in Turkey.
 She was elected the first runner-up in the Miss Model of the World contest in 1995.
 She was the highest paid model in Turkey , being particularly famous for her long legs.
Colin Forbes (born February 16, 1976) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Tampa Bay Lightning, Ottawa Senators, New York Rangers and Washington Capitals.
 Drafted 166th overall by the Flyers in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft, Forbes played a total of nine seasons in the NHL.
American entertainer Jennifer Lopez has appeared in many motion pictures and television programs.
 She is one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood and is the highest paid actress of Latin descent, making up to US$15 million per film role.
 She is also the richest actress in Hollywood, with an estimated net worth of $320 million (as of 2014).
 Lopez made her acting debut at age 16 with a small role in the 1986 film "My Little Girl".
 From there, she received her first high-profile job in 1991 as a Fly Girl dancer on the television comedy program "In Living Color".
 Following her departure from the show in 1993, Lopez made several guest appearances in the television series "South Central", appeared in the made-for-television movie "Lost in the Wild" (1993) and starred as Melinda Lopez in the television series "Second Chances" (1993) and its spin-off "Hotel Malibu" (1994).
 "Second Chances" and "Hotel Malibu" ran for only a brief period, receiving negative reviews.
 Lopez's first major film role came in the 1995 motion picture "Money Train", alongside Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson.
 The film faced negative reviews and is considered to be a box office bomb.
 Her next two film roles in "Jack" (1996) and "Blood and Wine" (1997) were received similarly; however, critics were divided by the latter.
 Lopez received her first leading role in the Selena biopic of the same name in 1997.
 The film was a commercial and critical success and is often cited by critics as her breakout role.
 Later that year, Lopez starred as Terri Flores in the film "Anaconda", which garnered negative reviews by critics despite being a box office success.
 In 1998, Lopez starred alongside George Clooney in the crime film "Out of Sight" (1998).
 The film met with positive reviews and was a box office success.
 In the same year, she also lent her voice to the animated film "Antz".
Ted Forbes was an American football coach.
 He served as the head football coach at the Northern Branch of the College of Agriculture—now known as the University of California, Davis (UC Davis)—from 1949 to 1953 and again in 1955, compiling a record of 24–42–8.
 Forbes played college football and college baseball at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
 He came to Davis in 1948 as an assistant coach after serving as head coach for one season at Burlingame High School in Burlingame, California.
Cynthia Ann "Cindy" Crawford (born February 20, 1966) is an American model and actress.
 Her years of success at modeling made her an international celebrity that has led to roles in television and film, and to work as a spokesperson.
 In 1995, "Forbes" magazine named her the highest paid model on the planet.
 One of the original five supermodels, she is known for her trademark mole just above her lip, and has appeared on hundreds of magazine covers throughout her career.
