Gerardo Horacio López von Linden (born March 3, 1956), known professionally as Cachorro López, is an Argentine record producer, musician and songwriter.
 Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, he enrolled in various musical ensembles, including Zas and Los Abuelos de la Nada.
 López has worked with several artists producing their albums, including Caifanes, Stephanie Salas, Andrés Calamaro, Paulina Rubio, Diego Torres and Miranda!
.
 López also was the executive producer of the tribute album for the English band Queen in 1997.
 His work has been recognized with two Latin Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year in 2006 and 2009, out of four consecutive nominations, and a Grammy Award for producing "Limón y Sal" by Julieta Venegas.
Angelo Montrone is an American record producer, songwriter, and talent scout (A&R).
 Montrone has played a key role as producer and A&R man for Grammy-winning acts including Matisyahu and Los Lonely Boys, as well as producing acts such as jam band favorite Railroad Earth, and discovering a young Jennifer Love Hewitt.
 Over the course of his nearly 30-year career, he has worked as an independent record producer as well as being a staff producer and A&R man for Sony, Elektra Entertainment, Atlantic Records, Or Music, Razor & Tie, and Majestic Music.
 Montrone had a #4 song on the Billboard Dance Charts with "Break Me".
 Also, his song "Free to Be a Woman" was the theme song for the Style Network's show "The Modern Girl".
 He is the founder and CEO of the Majestic Music record label based in Hampton Falls, New Hampshire.
Cher ( ; born Cherilyn Sarkisian; May 20, 1946) is an American singer and actress.
 Sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop, she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry.
 She is known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in numerous areas of entertainment, as well as adopting a variety of styles and appearances during her five-decade-long career.
Rex Salas (born March 16, 1962) is an American record producer, songwriter, musical director, and music arranger.
 Best known in recent years for his work as the musical director for Janet Jackson on several of her tours, Salas has worked with Vanessa Williams, Justin Timberlake, Cher, Boyz II Men, Robert Palmer, Mariah Carey, Stevie Wonder, Lionel Richie, JC Chasez, Earth, Wind and Fire, will.i.am, Robin Thicke, 50 Cent, Jessica Simpson, Nicole Scherzinger, Taylor Dayne, Lindsay Lohan, Adam Levine, Brandy, Maxwell, Leona Lewis, Brian McKnight, Teddy Pendergrass, The Isley Brothers, The Jacksons, UB40, Jeffrey Osborne, All-4-One, Johnny Gill, George Howard, Gladys Knight, The Gap Band, Lalah Hathaway, Jasmine Guy, Tatyana Ali, James Ingram, Corbin Bleu, Patti Austin, Lakeside, The Mac Band, Klymaxx, Chuckii Booker, The Dazz Band, Chanté Moore, Patrice Rushen, Tease, Atlantic Starr, Lenny Williams, Barbara Weathers, Miki Howard, Rebbie Jackson, Aly & AJ, Joyce Kennedy (Mother’s Finest), Paul Jackson, Jr., Brian Simpson, Vesta Williams, Level 42, Sheena Easton and more.
Tomas Costanza is an American record producer, songwriter, and CEO of Killingsworth Recording Company (Los Angeles/New York).
 Born on Long Island, New York, he was first noted in the music industry as the lead singer and guitarist for his band Diffuser.
 In addition to being signed to the major label Hollywood Records in 2000, several of the band's songs were featured on various films soundtracks including "Freaky Friday" and "".
 As a record producer, Tomas has worked with artists as varied as Boys Like Girls, Benny Benassi, Blues Traveler, Clinton Sparks, Macklemore, Secondhand Serenade, Rick Ross, This Is Hell, Katie Waissel.
 In 2011, he broke through as a producer after Katie Waissel's debut album reached No. 1 on the U.K. (Amazon/iTunes) charts and remained there for 5 weeks.
"Love Never Felt So Good" is a song performed by American singer Michael Jackson, released posthumously on May 2, 2014.
 The song, reworked from a 1983 demo track originally composed by Jackson and Canadian singer-songwriter Paul Anka, was the first single released from Jackson's second posthumous album, "Xscape".
 Two versions of the single were developed.
 The first was a solo version produced by American record producer John McClain and Dutch record producer Giorgio Tuinfort.
 The second version was a duet featuring American singer Justin Timberlake, produced by American record producers Timbaland and J-Roc, which received positive reviews from music critics.
 Its accompanying music video premiered on May 14, 2014 on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
 In it, Timberlake appears with a crowd of young dancers, who reference Jackson's most known dance moves, interspersed with archival footage of the late pop singer's many short films.
 The song is the second collaboration between Jackson and Anka to be released since Jackson's death in 2009 — the first being "This Is It".
Mary Ann Tighe is an American commercial real estate broker and CEO of the New York Tri-State Region of CBRE, the world’s largest commercial real estate services firm.
 Tighe has made commercial transactions totaling more than 97.5 million square feet and has been cited as a groundbreaker in a traditionally male-dominated industry.
 Her deals have anchored more than 14.4 million square feet of new construction in the New York region, a total believed to be a record in commercial brokerage.
 Tighe has been named to "Crain’s New York Business" Most Powerful Women in New York since the listing was inaugurated in 2007, ranking #1 in 2011 across all New York City industries.
Marla Hiromi Hayakawa Salas (October 19, 1982 – September 27, 2017), known professionally as Hiromi Hayakawa, was a Mexican actress and singer who began her music career as a contestant in the reality show "La Academia".
 She worked mostly in musical theatre, however she has had occasional television roles.
 Hayakawa was also a voice actress, who worked primarily on the Spanish American dub of films and series from the United States.
"No Sleeep" is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson for her eleventh studio album "Unbreakable" (2015).
 Co-written and produced by Jackson and her long-time collaborators Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, it is the first record to be released under Jackson's independent label Rhythm Nation Records, distributed by BMG Rights Management.
 It was made available as the lead single from the album digitally on June 22, 2015, in addition to vinyl copies being sold on Jackson's official website in conjunction with pre-sale orders for the studio album and Unbreakable World Tour concert tickets.
 Lyrically, the song depicts Jackson longing to reunite with her lover, anticipating that when she does, the couple will get "no sleep".
 Due to its slow tempo and sentimentality, it has been described as embodying traits of quiet storm.
Richard Perry (born June 18, 1942) is an American record producer.
 Perry began as a performer in his adolescence, but shifted gears after graduating college and rose through the late 1960s and early 1970s to become a highly successful and popular record producer with over a dozen gold records to his credit by 1982.
 From 1978 to 1983, he ran his own record label, Planet Records, which scored a string of hits with the main act on its roster, pop/R&B group The Pointer Sisters.
 After Planet's sale to RCA Records, Perry continued his work in the music industry as an independent producer.
 With hit records stretching from the 1960s through the 2000s, his more successful modern releases include albums by Rod Stewart and Carly Simon.
