The High Crusade is a science fiction novel by American writer Poul Anderson, about the consequences of an extraterrestrial scoutship landing in Medieval England.
 Poul Anderson described the novel as "one of the most popular things I've ever done, going through many book editions in several languages."
"Quest" is a science fiction novelette by American writer Poul Anderson, about the consequences of an extraterrestrial scoutship landing in Medieval England.
 It is a sequel to Anderson's 1960 novel "The High Crusade".
 Poul Anderson described the original as "one of the most popular things I've ever done, going through many book editions in several languages."
 "Quest", originally appeared in "Ares" magazine in the same issue that saw the original publication of" The High Crusade" wargame.
 The novelette was included in two collections of Anderson's short work, "Space Folk" and "Going for Infinity", before being added to the Baen Books fiftieth anniversary edition of "The High Crusade".
The Psychotechnic League is a future history created by American science fiction writer Poul Anderson.
 The name "Psychotechnic League" was coined by Sandra Miesel in the early 1980s, to capitalize on Anderson's better-known Polesotechnic League future history.
 Anderson published 21 novels, novellas and short stories set in this future between 1949 and 1957, with a 22nd published in 1968.
"Delenda Est" is a science fiction short story by American writer Poul Anderson, part of his Time Patrol series.
 It was originally published in "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" of December 1955.
 It was first reprinted in the first edition of the "Time Patrol" series collection "Guardians of Time" (Ballantine Books; September 1960).
 It was also a selection in the alternate history anthology "Worlds of Maybe" (Thomas Nelson; 1970) edited by Robert Silverberg.
The Many Worlds of Poul Anderson is a collection of science fiction short stories by American writer Poul Anderson, edited by Roger Elwood, first published in hardcover by Chilton in June 1974.
 A paperback edition retitled The Book of Poul Anderson followed from DAW Books in June 1975, and was reprinted in June 1978, December 1978, and October 1983.
 Most of the pieces were originally published between 1947 and 1971 in the magazines "Astounding Science Fiction", "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Analog", "Riverside Quarterly", and "Other Worlds Science Stories".
 The others are original to the collection.
Multiverse: Exploring Poul Anderson's Worlds is a gedenkschrift honoring science fiction and fantasy author Poul Anderson, in the form of an anthology of short stories and tributes edited by Greg Bear and Gardner Dozois.
 The book also includes cover art and interior illustrations by Bob Eggleton.
 It was first published in hardcover in May 2014 by Subterranean Press, with simultaneous paperback and ebook editions issued in June 2015 by Baen Books.
 All but one of the pieces are original to the anthology; the remaining one, Tad Williams's "Three Lilies and Three Leopards (And a Participation Ribbon in Science)", was originally published in the Winter 2012 issue of the ejournal "Subterreanean Online".
"Entity" is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson and John Gergen that appeared in the June 1949 issue of "Astounding Science Fiction".
 "Entity" was the fifth story published by Anderson, and the only story published by Gergen, a friend of Anderson's from the Minneapolis Fantasy Society.
The Best of Poul Anderson is a collection of writings by American science fiction and fantasy author Poul Anderson, first published in paperback by Pocket Books in August 1976.
 It was reprinted in August 1979.
 The pieces were originally published between 1953 and 1970 in the magazines "Astounding Science Fiction", "Analog", "Galaxy Magazine", and "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction", and the anthology "The Farthest Reaches".
Hoka!
 Hoka!
 Hoka!
 is a collection of science fiction stories by Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson.
 It was first published by Baen Books in 1998 and reprints the authors' earlier collection, "Earthman's Burden", expanding with two additional stories from "Hoka!
".
 The story "Don Jones" originally appeared in "Earthman's Burden".
 The other stories originally appeared in the magazines "Other Worlds", "Universe" and "Fantasy and Science Fiction".
Earthman's Burden is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson.
 It was first published by Gnome Press in 1957.
 The story "Don Jones" was original to this collection.
 The other stories originally appeared in the magazines "Other Worlds", "Universe" and "Fantasy and Science Fiction".
