Starkiller, born Galen Marek and also known as The Apprentice, is the Dark Jedi anti-hero protagonist of the "" project.
 In 2014, Lucasfilm rebranded him as part of the "Star Wars Legends" non-canonical story-line, and the character has not been re-introduced yet into the "Star Wars" canon.
 He is raised by Darth Vader and is made his secret apprentice under the name "Starkiller" due to being potent with using the Force for destructive purposes and described as less of an assassin and more of a "Force wrecking ball".
 The character's name is taken from Luke Skywalker's original name, "Annikin Starkiller".
 The character's likeness and voice are provided by Samuel Witwer.
 Despite "The Force Unleashed" being of non-canonical "Legends" status, Witwer still remains part of the "Star Wars" canon by voicing Darth Maul in the animated series "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" and "Star Wars Rebels".
Emiri Katō (加藤 英美里 , Katō Emiri , born November 26, 1983 in Fussa, Tokyo) is a Japanese voice actress and singer working for 81 Produce.
 At the 2nd Seiyu Awards, she won Best New Actress with her roles in "Powerpuff Girls Z" as Momoko Akatsutsumi/Hyper Blossom and "Lucky Star" as Kagami Hiiragi.
 She also shared a Best Singing Award with the rest of the "Lucky Star" girls for the theme song "Motteke!
 Sailor Fuku".
 At the 6th Seiyu Awards, she won Best Supporting Actress with roles such as Kyubey in "Puella Magi Madoka Magica", Kiko Kayanuma in "Darker Than Black", and Mey-Rin in "Black Butler".
 She and fellow voice actress Kaori Fukuhara were in a duo music group called Kato*Fuku, which sang theme songs for "When Supernatural Battles Became Commonplace" and "Battle Spirits Saikyo Ginga Ultimate Zero".
 Kato*Fuku released three albums from 2012 to 2015, and disbanded in 2016.
Phantasy Star (ファンタシースター , Fantashī Sutā ) is the first installment in Sega's renowned series of the same title.
 It was released for the Sega Mark III/Master System, in Japan on December 20, 1987 , and then for the Master System in North America and Europe in 1988.
 It is considered one of the pioneers amongst role-playing video games, both for its advanced graphics technology, and for being one of the first story-driven games released in the West.
 It is also notable for being one of the first games featuring a female protagonist after Ms. Pac-Man.
Edan Gross (born 1978) is an American former child actor, voice actor and former president of 3TAC Distribution, Inc..
 He appeared in many guest spots on many popular television programs in the 1980s and 1990s including "Cheers", "Murphy Brown", "The Golden Girls", "Empty Nest", "Newhart", "Highway to Heaven", "Married... with Children", "Northern Exposure", and "Herman's Head".
 He was also featured as a regular on the short-lived sitcoms "Sweet Surrender" (NBC, 1987), "Free Spirit" (ABC, 1989–1990) and "Walter & Emily" (NBC, 1991–1992).
 Additionally, Gross was the voice of the Good Guy dolls in "Child's Play", the "Corky doll" from the Cricket doll series, the title character of the animated series "Little Dracula", Flounder on the animated series "The Little Mermaid" and Waif in the computer game Return to Zork.
.
Dexter "Dex" Manley is an American commercial and video game voice actor.
 He has worked under 300 commercials and 25 video games.
 He worked for Microsoft, Boeing Company, Alaska Airlines, and others.
 Dexter extensively worked for Nintendo, providing voice for many "Mario" and "Donkey Kong" games.
 He voiced Barry DeJay and Buddy Cheque in the Backyard Sports series, often working with his Mario colleagues Jen Taylor and Samantha Kelly, who both voiced Princess Peach.
 Manley also twice lent his voice talent to "Star Fox" series, voicing ROB 64 in "" and Falco Lombardi along with Peppy Hare in "Super Smash Bros.
 Brawl".
 He appeared as a host on 2005 SIGGRAPH meeting, where he discussed voice acting topics.
 Manley is the president of Tenacious Media, media and marketing company operating in Seattle, Washington.
 Dexter is also a film actor, usually filming in independent films and playing supporting roles.
Ravi Kaushal Shukla (born November 4, 1983 in Kolkata, West Bengal) is an Indian singer.
 He was the winner of the popular Indian television singing competition, "Star Voice of India".
 He was also a participant of the first seasons of "Indian Idol" and "Star Voice of India".
Shantanu Mukherjee (born 30 September 1972), known as Shaan, is an Indian playback singer active in Hindi, Bengali, Marathi, Urdu, Telugu and Kannada films and a television host.
 He hosted the shows "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa", "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs", "Star Voice of India" and "STAR Voice of India 2".
 In "Music Ka Maha Muqabla", his team, "Shaan's Strikers", finished as the runners up to Shankar Mahadevan’s team.
 He has also sung many Pakistani songs.
Mario Cuitláhuac Castañeda Partida (born June 29, 1962 in Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico), known professionally as Mario Castañeda is a Mexican voice actor and dubbing director.
 When he was very young, his parents moved to Mexico City where he resides currently.
 He studied drama in the Andrés Soler Institute from 1979 to 1982, and in June 1983, Castañeda started to work as a voice actor in Mexican dubs of several television series including Diff'rent Strokes, The Powers of Matthew Star, and The Visitor.
 Castañeda has also done voice work in Japanese anime, such as Son Goku in the Latin American dub of Dragon Ball Z, as well as the dubbing voice of many actors in movies, including Jim Carrey, Jackie Chan and Bruce Willis.
 He was also the announcer for Boomerang in Latin America from 2001 to 2006.
David Acord is an American sound editor and voice actor best known for his contribution as a supervising sound editor of the 2015 film "".
 Acord is currently pending a nomination for the Academy Award for Academy Award for Best Sound Editing and British Academy Film Award for Best Sound for his work on "The Force Awakens", with fellow sound editor Matthew Wood.
 He also provided the voice of several characters in the film, including the stormtrooper FN-2199 (often known as TR-8R).
 Though the voice role is minimal, the character gained considerable attention on the Internet following the film's release.
 Acord also had minor voice roles as an Imperial Male PA and two stormtroopers on episodes of "Star Wars Rebels".
Cory Doran (born February 7, 1982) is a Canadian voice actor and director who is known as the voice of Jimmy, the star of the animated show, "Jimmy Two-Shoes".
 He also voices the character Mike in the series "Total Drama".
 He took over for Lou Attia as the voice of Fungus in the second season of the Cartoon Network/YTV animated television series, Numb Chucks.
 He also provided the voice of Bummer in Cartoon Network/Teletoon series "Stoked" and Dabio in the "PBS Kids" animated series "Wild Kratts".
