Thomas Stuart "Tom" Chambers (born 22 May 1977) is an English actor, known for his role as Sam Strachan in the BBC medical dramas "Holby City" and "Casualty" and as Max Tyler in BBC drama series "Waterloo Road".
 He also won the sixth season of "Strictly Come Dancing" with his partner Camilla Dallerup.
Rokdim Im Kokhavim (Hebrew: רוקדים עם כוכבים‎ ‎ , "Dancing with Stars") is the Israeli version of the popular British TV show "Strictly Come Dancing".
 The show features local celebrities partnered with professional ballroom dancers, competing to be the most successful dancers in the contest.
 Each week the couple that gains the least votes from the show's judges and spectators is eliminated.
 Viewers vote for their favorites, in order to save them from elimination, via phone, SMS and online.
 Over 350,000 votes were cast on the show's 3rd-season finale.
Come Dancing was a British ballroom dancing competition show that ran on and off on the BBC from 1950 to 1998, becoming one of television's longest-running shows.
 Unlike its follow up show "Strictly Come Dancing" contestants were not celebrities.
Let's Dance 2011 is the sixth season of the Swedish version of Strictly Come Dancing, and was broadcast on the Swedish television channel TV4 starting on January 7, 2011.
Strictly Come Dancing (informally known as Strictly) is a British television dance contest, featuring contestants, celebrities, and other people, from all walks of life, with professional dance partners competing in a ballroom and Latin dance competition.
 Each couple is scored out of 10 by a panel of judges.
 The title of the show suggests a continuation of the long-running series "Come Dancing", with an allusion to the film "Strictly Ballroom".
 The format has been exported to over 40 other countries, and has also inspired a modern dance-themed spin-off "Strictly Dance Fever".
 The show is currently presented by Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman.
The Strictly is a signature dance routine from the BBC show "Strictly Come Dancing", which launched in the 13th series of the popular entertainment show.
 The dance was devised by "Strictly Come Dancing"'s Director of Choreography, Jason Gilkison and draws inspiration from some of the show's most iconic moves, as well as celebrating some of the show's stars.
Andrew Cuerden is a Latin dancer.
 Born in Zimbabwe, and growing up in South Africa, Cuerden moved to England to further his dance career in 1996.
 Dancing with partner Hanna Haarala they reached 4th place in the UK amateur Latin rankings, before turning pro on February 5.
 He, along with Haarala was chosen to tutor a celebrity in the third series of "Strictly Come Dancing" - partnered with Jaye Jacobs he was eliminated in week 2, but performed in many professional demonstrations.
James "Jay" McGuiness (born 24 July 1990) is a British singer, songwriter and dancer, best known as a vocalist with boy band The Wanted.
 On 19 December 2015, partnered with Aliona Vilani, he won the 13th series of BBC's "Strictly Come Dancing".
Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two, also known as Strictly: It Takes Two or simply It Takes Two, is a British television programme, the companion show to the popular BBC One programme "Strictly Come Dancing".
 It is broadcast on weeknights during the run of the main show on BBC Two at 6:30 pm.
 Claudia Winkleman originally presented the show, however she left in 2011 and now presents the main show.
 Since 2011, Zoë Ball has presented the show.
Brendan Cole (born 23 April 1976) is a New Zealand ballroom dancer, specialising in Latin American dancing.
 He is most famous for appearing as a professional dancer on the BBC One show, "Strictly Come Dancing".
 From 2005 to 2009, he was a judge on the New Zealand version of the show, "Dancing with the Stars".
