Dewberry Island is an island located in Calhoun County, Texas, in the United States.
 It is northeast of the Matagorda Island Wildlife Refuge, and on the northern side of Shoalwater Bay, in the U.S. state of Texas.
 It is several miles long and is an extension of the nearby Blackberry Island.
 Dewberry Island is located near a geographical feature known as the Army Cut.
Castle Hedingham is a village in northeast Essex, England, located four miles west of Halstead and 3 miles south-east of Great Yeldham in the Colne Valley on the ancient road from Colchester, Essex, to Cambridge.
A rock shelter — also rockhouse, crepuscular cave, bluff shelter, or abri — is a shallow cave-like opening at the base of a bluff or cliff.
 In contrast to solutional cave (karst) caves, which are often many miles long, rock shelters are almost always modest in size and extent.
The Via Labicana was an ancient road of Italy, leading east-southeast from Rome.
 It seems possible that the road at first led to Tusculum, that it was then extended to Labici, and later still became a road for through traffic; it may even have superseded the Via Latina as a route to the southeast, for, while the distance from Rome to their main junction at Ad Bivium (or to another junction at Compitum Anagninum) is practically identical, the summit level of the former is 22 m lower than that of the latter, a little to the west of the pass of Mons Algidus.
 After their junction it is probable that the road bore the name Via Latina rather than Via Labicana.
 The course of the road after the first six miles from Rome is not identical with that of any modern road, but can be clearly traced by remains of pavement and buildings along its course.
Banff Bay is a coastal embayment in Scotland situated between the towns of Banff, Aberdeenshire and Macduff, Aberdeenshire.
 The Burn of Myrehouse is one of the streams draining to Banff Bay.
 Banff Bay is a prominent geographical feature along the northern coast of Aberdeenshire, and it is visible from a number of locations along the coastal plain such as Longman Hill situated somewhat distant to the east.
Bluff Great House is an Ancestral Puebloan great house and archeological site located in southeastern Utah, United States.
 The site lies near the north bank of the San Juan River, approximately 130 miles northwest of Chaco Culture National Historical Park.
 It contained between fifty and sixty rooms, with four kivas and a great kiva nearby.
 Two ancient road segments were found in the area, and several berms were leveled to create a terrace, which is rare in Chacoan sites.
 The great house was partially excavated from 1996 to 2004, and archeologists believe the site was constructed, in at least two stages, between 1075 and 1150 CE by Chacoans who interacted with the Puebloan residents of both Mesa Verde and Kayenta, Arizona.
 Bluff Great House was abandoned  1250 .
Hämeen Härkätie (Oxen Road of Tavastia) is an ancient road in Finland, connecting Finland Proper to Tavastia Proper.
 The 162 kilometers long road has been in use at the latest in the 9th century and in many parts it has been in use since.
San Nicolas Tolentino is a municipality and town located in central San Luis Potosí, Mexico.
 The municipality was founded in 1614 and consists of many small towns which include La Barranca De San Joaquin, Los Morenos, Ojo de Agua, San Jose de Nogalitos, Ocampo and Santa Catarina, which is the largest town in the region.
 In 1827, the Municipal Presidency was established in the town of San Nicolas Tolentino.
In Australian aboriginal mythology, Wollunqua (or Wollunka, Wollunkua) is a snake-god of rain and fertility, who emerged from a watering hole in the Murschison Mountains.
 Wollunqua is said to be many miles long.
Barranca de Yaco or Barranca Yaco (from the Spanish "barranca" (gully) and the Quechua "yaku" (water)) is a geographical feature along the ancient "camino real" ("royal road") of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, located between Villa Tulumba and Sinsacate, in the province of Córdoba, Argentina.
