Édouard Roger-Vasselin (] ; born 28 November 1983) is a male tennis player from France.
 He won the men's doubles title at Roland Garros in 2014, partnering Julien Benneteau.
 He is the son of 1983 French Open semifinalist Christophe Roger-Vasselin.
Nicolas Mahut and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions; however, Roger-Vasselin chose not to compete this year.
The tennis players Boris Becker (Germany) and Stefan Edberg (Sweden) met 35 times between 1984 and 1996.
 Although Becker led their overall head-to-head series 25–10 and won all three of their Davis Cup matches, Edberg won three of their four meetings in Grand Slams.
 Edberg and Becker also reached the world Tour Finals in 1989 which Edberg won in Four sets.
Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions but Roger-Vasselin decided not to participate.
<br>
Daniel Nestor and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions, but chose not to compete together.
 Nestor played alongside Vasek Pospisil, but lost in the semifinals to Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo.
 Roger-Vasselin teamed up with Julien Benneteau, but lost in the first round to Milos Raonic and Nenad Zimonjić.
Arnaud Clément and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions, but they elected to defend their title with different partners.Clément partnered up with David Guez, but they withdrew before their quarterfinal match against Harsh Mankad and Adil Shamasdin.
Roger-Vasselin partnered up with Nicolas Mahut and they won in the final 6–2, 6–4, over Mankad and Shamasdin.
The tennis players Stefan Edberg (Sweden) and Ivan Lendl (Czechoslovakia, 1978–92/United States, 1992–94) met 27 times during their careers.
 Edberg leads the series 14–13.
 In an interview with the ATP in 2008 Edberg reflected on his classic rivalries.
Nicolas Mahut and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions, but Roger-Vasselin chose not to participate.
 Mahut played alongside Sergiy Stakhovsky, but lost in the semifinals to Jonathan Erlich and Rajeev Ram.
<br>
Stefan Edberg was the defending champion and retained his title, defeating Pete Sampras 3–6, 6–4, 7–6, 6–2 in the final to win the men's singles title at the 1992 US Open.
 The semifinal between Edberg and Michael Chang was a battle wherein Edberg won in five sets after 5 hours and 26 minutes, then the longest match in the Open Era.
 This is also where John McEnroe and Jimmy Connors played their last Grand Slams.
Łukasz Kubot and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions, but Kubot chose not to participate this year.
 Roger-Vasselin played alongside Julien Benneteau, but lost in the first round to Marcus Daniell and Marcelo Demoliner.
