Clockwork Orange is the name of the secret British security services project which was alleged to have involved a right-wing smear campaign against British politicians from 1974 to 1975.
 The black propaganda led Prime Minister Harold Wilson to fear that the security services were preparing a "coup d'état".
 The operation takes its name from "A Clockwork Orange", the 1971 Stanley Kubrick film.
Michael Tarn (born 18 December 1953) is a British film and television actor.
 He is best known for playing Pete in Stanley Kubrick's film "A Clockwork Orange" (1971).
Korova is a record label, named after the fictitious Korova Milk Bar that was featured in the film "A Clockwork Orange", 'korova' also being the Russian word for 'cow'.
 The imprint was founded in London, UK in 1979 as a division of Warner Music Group, with its first album release being Echo & The Bunnymen's debut "Crocodiles".
 The label was active throughout the 1980s, not only releasing recordings by Echo & the Bunnymen, but also Airhead, The Sound, Guns for Hire, Dalek I Love You, Tenpole Tudor, Lori & The Chameleons, Ellery Bop and Strawberry Switchblade.
 The label also put out a few UK releases from The Residents catalogue, as well as American artist Jeff Finlin's "Angel in Disguise", with the single "American Dream #109."
The soundtrack to Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange was released to accompany the 1971 film of the same name.
 The music is a thematic extension of Alex's (and the viewer's) psychological conditioning.
 The soundtrack of "A Clockwork Orange" comprises classical music and electronic synthetic music composed by Wendy Carlos (then Walter Carlos).
 Some of the music is heard only as excerpts, e.g. Edward Elgar's "Pomp and Circumstance March No. 1" (a.k.a. "Land of Hope and Glory") ironically heralding a politician's appearance at the prison.
 The main theme is an electronic transcription of Henry Purcell's "Music for the Funeral of Queen Mary", composed in 1695, for the procession of Queen Mary's cortège through London en route to Westminster Abbey.
 "March from 'A Clockwork Orange'" (based on the choral movement of the Ninth Symphony by Beethoven) was the first recorded song featuring a vocoder for the singing; synthpop bands often cite it as their inspiration.
 Neither the end credits nor the soundtrack album identify the orchestra playing the Ninth Symphony excerpts, however, in Alex's bedroom, there is a close-up of a microcassette tape labeled: "Deutsche Grammophon – Ludwig van Beethoven – Symphonie Nr.
 9 d-moll, op. 125 – Berliner Philharmoniker – Chor der St. Hedwigskathedrale – Ferenc Fricsay – Irmgard Seefried, Maureen Forrester, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Ernst Haefliger".
Alex is a fictional character in Anthony Burgess' novel "A Clockwork Orange" and Stanley Kubrick's film "A Clockwork Orange", in which he is played by Malcolm McDowell.
 In the film, his surname is DeLarge, a reference to Alex calling himself Alexander the Large in the novel.
 In the film, however, two newspaper articles print his name as "Alex Burgess".
 In addition to the book and film, Alex was portrayed by Vanessa Claire Smith in the ARK Theatre Company's multi-media adaptation of "A Clockwork Orange", directed by Brad Mays.
Korova is a bar, music venue and restaurant located on Hope Street, Liverpool, England.
 Before moving to its current premises, it was located on Fleet Street close to Concert Square.
 Its name references the Korova Milk Bar from "A Clockwork Orange".
Popular culture references to Anthony Burgess' novel "A Clockwork Orange" (1962) and Stanley Kubrick's 1971 film adaptation have been wide-ranging, from popular music and television to movies and other media.
 Some references are based on themes central to the story, such as the use of Nadsat words or phrases, whilst others have incorporated visual elements from the film.
 The film made Kubrick one of the most influential artists of the 20th century, and the film has become a cult classic.
A Clockwork Orange is a dystopian novel by Anthony Burgess published in 1962.
 Set in a near future English society featuring a subculture of extreme youth violence, the teenage protagonist, Alex, narrates his violent exploits and his experiences with state authorities intent on reforming him.
 The book is partially written in a Russian-influenced argot called "Nadsat".
 According to Burgess it was a "jeu d'esprit" written in just three weeks.
Animal Room is a 1995 American drama/thriller film directed, produced, and written by Craig Singer and starring Neil Patrick Harris as a bullied drug-using teenager and Matthew Lillard as the bully who loves to torment Harris's character.
 The film is referred to as a modernized version of "A Clockwork Orange" and features an appearance from the punk rock band The Misfits (band).
Stonedogs is the first novel by New Zealand writer Craig Marriner.
 It was published in 2001 and has won a Montana New Zealand Book Award.
 The book has been described as "a kind of "A Clockwork Orange"-meets-"Once Were Warriors" as imagined by Irvine Welsh".
 In 2003, the film rights were sold to Australian production company Mushroom Pictures, but no film has eventuated.
