Blue Valley Northwest High School (BVNW) is a high school in Overland Park, Kansas, United States.
 It is part of the Blue Valley Unified School District.
 Blue Valley Northwest is one of several schools located within the city limits of Overland Park.
 In the 2009 Newsweek ranking of the top 1,500 high schools in the United States, Blue Valley Northwest was ranked #364, the highest in the district and the state.
 The school has been ranked in the top 700 since 2005.
 In 2014, Blue Valley Northwest was selected as one of the six finalists for the first annual Race to the Top High School Commencement Challenge, sponsored by the Department of Education under the Obama administration.
High School Confidential is an eight-part documentary television series created by Sharon Liese, following twelve high school teenagers from Blue Valley Northwest High.
 The series airs on (WE TV).
 The original run began on March 10, 2008, and concluded on April 28, 2008.
Patrick Henry High School is a high school in Ashland, Virginia in Hanover County.
 Patrick Henry is one of four high schools in Hanover County, and the only High school in the western half of the county.
 In 1959, after years of deliberation, Patrick Henry High School began with the consolidation of Beaverdam, Henry Clay, Montpelier, and Rockville high schools.
 The western Hanover County high school enrolled students in grades eight through twelve.
 The name of the school, as well as the name of its literary publications, The Voice, The Spark, and The Orator, reference the history of Patrick Henry, Hanover County's most illustrious citizen.
 Even the school colors of red, white, and blue are a patriotic symbol of history.
 In 1969, Patrick Henry High and John M. Gandy High School merged to form one Integrated student body.
 Also in 1969, a new junior high school was built, and Patrick Henry opened that school year as a senior high school serving students in grades ten through twelve.
 When the junior high school was changed to a middle school in 1988, Patrick Henry became a high school enrolling students in grades nine through twelve.
 The school campus of West Patrick Henry Road, which consists of a complex of buildings, began as a campus style school.
 Additions of an auditorium, classrooms, cafeteria, new gymnasium, and renovations to the media center and administrative offices resulted in an all-enclosed facility in 1992.
 As the population and the needs of the school have changed, so have the dimensions of the school.
 A new addition/renovation was added to the facility in the fall of 2001 providing state-of-the-art career and technical education opportunities.
 This addition consisted of a broadcasting studio, a bio-technology lab, a communication technology center, a computer-assisted drafting lab, and three classrooms.
 Patrick Henry celebrated its 50th anniversary in September 2009.
 Patrick Henry High has an International Baccalaureate program, as well as a NJROTC program.
 Patrick Henry High is especially known for its NJROTC program that is consistently ranked among the top in the state of Virginia.
 During the 2010-2011 school year, a program called Rachel's Challenge was introduced.
 Patrick Henry High is also noted for its theatre program, being the best in the county, and taken most seriously.
Clarkstown High School South is a public high school located in West Nyack, New York.
 The school educates students in grades 9 through 12, and is one of two high schools in the Clarkstown Central School District (CCSD).
 It is commonly referred to as Clarkstown South, or simply "South."
 In 2013, Clarkstown South was ranked in Newsweek's list of the 2000 best public high schools in the United States.
 In 2016, Clarkstown South was ranked in Newsweek's list of the 500 top high schools in the United States, ranking 167th place.
Bonita Vista High School (BVH) is a public, four-year (grade levels 9–12) high school located in the city of Chula Vista, California.
 Bonita Vista High School is one of the few schools that has both the IB and AP programs.
 It is part of the Sweetwater Union High School District, and currently has about 2,800 students.
 BVH's Mascot is a Baron.
 Bonita Vista High School is a California Distinguished High School.
 Bonita has also been named one of the top 1,500 high schools in the nation by Newsweek.
 It also has an API score of 844 making it the highest in the Sweetwater Union High School District.
 BVH also has the highest number of AP and IB graduates in the district.
Atlantic Community High School (also known as Atlantic and ATL) is a public high school located in Delray Beach, Florida.
 It is part of the School District of Palm Beach County.
 Known for its academics, many students attend due to the school's International Baccalaureate program and its ranking as a top-rated school for many years.
 In the 2010 Newsweek ranking of America's best high schools, Atlantic High ranked 89th.
 In 2005, the school moved to its current location and added a freshman academy and a construction-oriented magnet program.
Lake Brantley High School (LBHS) is located in Altamonte Springs, Florida, a suburban community approximately 13 miles (20 km) north of Orlando.
 It is a public high school serving grade levels 9–12 in Seminole County, FL, operated by Seminole County Public Schools.
 The school, which opened in 1972, ranked 79th on Newsweek magazine's 2005 list of the top 100 high schools in the United States and 424th in the 2009 Newsweek list.
Eastview High School is a comprehensive and college preparatory public high school located in District 196 which is in Apple Valley, Minnesota, USA.
 Established in 1997, Eastview is the newest of the four high schools serving Independent School District 196. "
Newsweek" ranked the school in their "List of the Top High Schools in America" for the sixth consecutive time (2000, 2002, 2004, and 2006, 2007, 2008).
 Eastview has also been recognized by "US News & World Report" as one of America's Best High Schools.
 In 2013, Eastview was ranked in the top 3% of the most challenging high schools in the United States, as well as a top comprehensive high school in Minnesota.
 Prior to the 2010-2011 school year, Eastview was a member of the Lake Conference, but then broke off with most of the Lake Conference schools in order to create the South Suburban Conference.
Blue Valley West High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Overland Park, Kansas, United States, and one of five currently operated high schools in the Blue Valley Unified School District.
 The school opened in August 2001, and has a current enrollment of approximately 1280 students.
 The principal is Brett Potts.
 Its two feeder schools are Lakewood Middle School and Pleasant Ridge Middle School.
 The school mascot is the Jaguar and the school colors are red, black, and white.
 In the 2013 Newsweek rankings of the top 2000 public schools in the United States, Blue Valley West was ranked 1st in the state of Kansas and 439th in the nation.
William Fremd High School, or Fremd, (formerly known as Palatine High School South) is a public four-year high school located in Palatine, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
 It is part of Township High School District 211, which also includes James B. Conant High School, Hoffman Estates High School, Palatine High School, and Schaumburg High School.
 The school is known for its academic excellence, and its athletic, drama, visual arts, and music programs have won state championships in recent years.
 Academically, Fremd High School has also been recognized by Newsweek as one of “America’s Best High Schools” and by U.S. News & World Report as one of 99 outstanding high schools in the United States with the average AP test taker taking 4.2 exams.
 Fremd serves Palatine that is southwest of the UP NW Line railroad tracks, north Hoffman Estates, west Rolling Meadows, north Schaumburg and southeast Inverness.
 Feeder schools include Plum Grove Junior High, Carl Sandburg Junior High, Walter Sundling Junior High and Margaret Mead Junior High.
 Feeder elementary schools are Pleasant Hill, Paddock, Hunting Ridge, Central Road, Willow Bend, Thomas Jefferson, Marion Jordan, Fairview, and Frank C. Whiteley.
