Microcachrys tetragona (Creeping Pine or Creeping Strawberry Pine) is a species of dioecious conifer belonging to the podocarp family (Podocarpaceae).
 It is the sole species of the genus Microcachrys.
 The plant is endemic to western Tasmania, where it is a low shrub growing to 1 m tall at high altitudes.
 Its leaves are scale-like, arranged (unusually for the Podocarpaceae) in opposite decussate pairs, superficially resembling those of the unrelated "Diselma archeri" (Cupressaceae).
 It shares the common name Creeping pine with several other plants.
 Females produce tiny, red, edible berries in summer.
The Middletown Nature Gardens is located off Randolph Road in Middletown, Connecticut.
 In 1995, the city of Middletown, CT purchased the 18 acre of land and dedicated it open space.
 This piece of land serves as a natural habitat to many plants and animals.
 There are many trails to walk about surrounded by an array of diverse trees and shrubs.
 Some of the types of trees and shrubs include red cedar, flowering dogwood, highbush blueberries, white pine, and speckled alder.
 The main trail is a 0.5 mi loop.
 Mulched side trails, which branch off the main trail, add another 0.5 mi to walk.
 Community volunteers maintain the park.
 They have erected many bluebird boxes and bat houses to house some of the natural wildlife of the park.
 There are also vernal pools, which are habitats for salamanders and wood frogs in the southeast corner of the park.
 There is even a 200-year-old sugar maple, which is called the “bee tree,” in which a large colony of bees has made it their home.
Guaymas (] ) is a city located in Guaymas Municipality in the southwest part of the state of Sonora in northwestern Mexico.
 The city is located 117 km south of the state capital of Hermosillo, and 242 miles from the U.S. border, and is the principal port for the state.
 The municipality is located in the Sonora Desert and has a hot, dry climate and 117 km of beaches.
 The municipality’s formal name is Guaymas de Zaragoza and the city’s formal name is the Heróica Ciudad de Guaymas.
A bee tree is a tree in which a colony of honey bees makes its home.
 A colony of bees may live in a bee tree for many years.
 Most bee trees have a large inner hollow, often with an upper and lower entrance.
Bashkiriya National Park ( Bashkort:"Башҡортостан милли паркы", Russian: "Башкирия (национальный парк)"), covers a large contiguous forest on the southern end of the Urals mountains.
 The park is an important buffer between the industrialized flatlands to the west, and the mountainous and sparsely-populated Shulgan-Tash nature reserve and Altyn-Solok ("Golden Bee Tree") entomological reserve to the east and north.
 Bashkirya National Park lies between the Nugush River (and the popular recreational zone of the Nugush Reservoir), and the southern bend of the Belaya River.
 The park features deep river valley cuts in a karst topography.
 It is known for a natural bridge across the river Kuperlya.
 The park is situated across three districts (Meleuzovsky, Kurgachinsky and Burzyansky) of the Republic of Bashkortostan (also known as "Bashkiriya").
Bee Tree Creek is a stream located in the U.S. state of California.
 It is located in Mendocino County.
The Centro Poliesportivo Pinheiro, also known as the Pinheirão is a football stadium inaugurated on June 15, 1985 in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil, with a maximum capacity of 35,000 people.
 The stadium is owned by the Paranaense Football Federation (meaning "Federação Paranaense de Futebol" in Portuguese), and was the home ground of Paraná Clube.
 Its formal name means Pinheiro Multi-Modality Center and honors the Pine tree, which is a common tree in the state.
Banksia sessilis, commonly known as parrot bush, is a species of shrub or tree in the plant genus "Banksia" in the family Proteaceae.
 It had been known as Dryandra sessilis until 2007, when the genus "Dryandra" was sunk into "Banksia".
 The Noongar peoples know the plant as Budjan or Butyak.
 Widespread throughout southwest Western Australia, it is found on sandy soils over laterite or limestone, often as an understorey plant in open forest, woodland or shrubland.
 Encountered as a shrub or small tree up to 6 m in height, it has prickly dark green leaves and dome-shaped cream-yellow flowerheads.
 Flowering from winter through to late spring, it provides a key source of food—both the nectar and the insects it attracts—for honeyeaters in the cooler months, and species diversity is reduced in areas where there is little or no parrot bush occurring.
 Several species of honeyeater, some species of native bee, and the European honey bee seek out and consume the nectar, while the long-billed black cockatoo and Australian ringneck eat the seed.
 The life cycle of "Banksia sessilis" is adapted to regular bushfires.
 Killed by fire and regenerating by seed afterwards, each shrub generally produces many flowerheads and a massive amount of seed.
 It can recolonise disturbed areas, and may grow in thickets.
Cajeput tree is a common name used for certain classification of tree that has a white spongy bark that is flexible and can easily flake off the trunk.
 The Cajeput tree is of the genus "Melaleuca", native to Australia and is commonly known in North America as the Tea Tree.
 The name "Cajeput tree" is primarily used for the species "M. cajuputi", "M. leucadendra", "M. linariifolia", "M. viridiflora" and "M. quinquenervia".
 Other names for these trees are the paperbark tree, punk tree, or the white bottle brush tree.
 Similar subtropical trees from the eucalyptus family are evergreens with pointed leaves and white, red or green flowers.
 Aborigines of Australia often used the cajeput tree bark for shields, canoes, roofing material and timber.
Tetradium is a genus of nine species of trees in the family Rutaceae, occurring in temperate to tropical east Asia.
 In older books, the genus was often included in the related genus "Euodia" (sometimes written, ""Evodia"" from latin spelling), but that genus is now restricted to tropical species.
 In cultivation in English-speaking countries, they are known as Euodia, Evodia, or Bee bee tree.
