Lucy Maud Montgomery {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (November 30, 1874 – April 24, 1942) published as L.M. Montgomery, was a Canadian author best known for a series of novels beginning in 1908 with "Anne of Green Gables".
 The book was an immediate success.
 The central character, Anne Shirley, an orphaned girl, made Montgomery famous in her lifetime and gave her an international following.
Sankarankutti Menon Marath, better known as Menon Marath, (born in 1906 in Kerala – died 2 January 2003) was an Indo-Anglican novelist who settled in England and spent more than half of his life there.
 Menon graduated from Christian College in Madras (now Chennai) and travelled to England in 1934 to pursue post-graduate studies at King's College London.
 His first novel "The Wound of Spring" (Dennis Dobson, 1960) is set in pre-independence India, in Kerala, (then comprising Malabar, Cochin and Travancore), in a feudal, matrilineal society.
 The second novel, "The Sale of an Island" (1964) is a political allegory.
 The third and last published novel "Janu" is about an orphaned girl seeking the freedoms of recognition as an equal, in friendship, in love.
Demon Flowers (Japanese: 狂い咲きの花 , Hepburn: Kuruizaki no Hana ) is a horror manga with boys' Love themes by Hakase Mizuki.
 Long ago, when Japanese Gods descended upon humans, their mixed offspring inherited supernatural powers...and the name "Kuruizaki no Hana.
"Now, those of the Demon world are rising up to wipe out these offspring—led by the cool and confident assassin, Ushitora.
 He's worshipped as a deadly professional, but when he falls in love with one such gifted boy, Masato, everything changes.
 Ushitora betrays his people, instead sacrificing himself to a life on the run, in order to care for Masato and a spirited orphaned girl named Nao.
 From Mizuki Hakase, creator of The Demon Ororon series, comes a dark, chaotic drama about three lost souls in search of the true meaning of family.
Anne Shirley is a fictional character introduced in the 1908 novel "Anne of Green Gables" by Lucy Maud Montgomery.
 Montgomery wrote in her journal that the idea for Anne's story came from relatives who, planning to adopt an orphaned boy, received a girl instead.
 Anne Shirley's appearance was inspired by a photograph which Montgomery clipped from the Metropolitan Magazine and kept, unaware of the model's identity as the 1900s Gibson Girl Evelyn Nesbit.
Looking for Anne of Green Gables: The Story of L. M. Montgomery and her Literary Classic is a dual biography of Anne Shirley and her creator L. M. Montgomery. "
Anne of Green Gables" is a 1908 children’s novel which has been read by over fifty million readers and translated into over thirty-five languages.
 The author reconstructs the development of Anne Shirley, the main character in Montgomery's novel.
The Blythes Are Quoted is a book completed by L.M. Montgomery (1874–1942) near the end of her life but not published in its entirety until 2009.
 It is her eleventh book to feature Anne Shirley Blythe, who first appears in her first and best-known novel, "Anne of Green Gables" (1908), and then in "Anne of Avonlea" (1909), "Chronicles of Avonlea" (1912), "Anne of the Island" (1915), "Anne's House of Dreams" (1917), "Rainbow Valley" (1919), "Further Chronicles of Avonlea" (1920), "Rilla of Ingleside" (1921), "Anne of Windy Poplars" (1936), and "Anne of Ingleside" (1939).
 It consists of an experimental blend of fifteen short stories, forty-one poems, and numerous vignettes featuring Anne and members of her family discussing her poetry.
 The book focuses on small-town life in Glen St. Mary, Prince Edward Island, and is divided into two halves: one preceding the events of the First World War of 1914–1918 and one relating incidents after the war, up to and including the beginning of the Second World War of 1939–1945.
Anne of Ingleside is a children's novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery.
 It was first published in July 1939 by McClelland and Stewart (Toronto) and the Frederick A. Stokes Company (New York).
 It is the tenth of eleven books that feature the character of Anne Shirley, and Montgomery's final published novel.
 (Two novels that occur later in the "Anne" chronology were actually published years earlier.
 As well, the short story collection "The Blythes Are Quoted", written in 1941/42, but not published until 2009, concludes the Anne chronology.)
Before Green Gables is the title of a prequel to the Anne Shirley series.
 The book was published in 2008 by Puffin, a division of Penguin Books, as part of Puffin's celebration of Anne Shirley's centennial anniversary, which will also see the Anne Shirley series re-released to commemorate the event.
 The first book in the Anne Shirley series was "Anne of Green Gables", which was published in 1908.
Listening for Lions is a children's novel by Gloria Whelan, first published in 2005.
 Set in 1919, it concerns an orphaned girl who becomes involved in an inheritance swindle.
All Dogs Go to Heaven: The Series is an animated comedy television series which aired from 1996 to 1998 in syndication and on the Fox Family Channel from 1998 to 1999, with 40 half-hour episodes produced in total.
 The series was produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Animation, and was distributed by Claster Television (in the years 1996 and 1997) and MGM Worldwide Television Distribution in 1998; finally, its animation was by the studios Wang Film Productions and Thai Wang Film Production Co., Ltd..
 Don Bluth’s 1989 animated feature "All Dogs Go to Heaven" featured a selfish German Shepherd named Charlie who died, went to heaven, escaped back to Earth for vengeance on his murderer Carface and then found redemption with the help of a young orphaned girl named Anne-Marie.
 The film spawned a sequel, "All Dogs Go to Heaven 2" and this animated series takes place after these events.
