SyberJet Aircraft is the manufacturer of the SJ30 light business jet.
 The company's headquarters is in Cedar City, Utah adjacent to the Cedar City Regional Airport with additional engineering offices and manufacturing, service, repair and fatigue test facilities near and on the San Antonio International Airport in San Antonio, Texas.
San Antonio International Airport (IATA: SAT, ICAO: KSAT, FAA LID: SAT) is an international airport located in San Antonio, Texas and serving the Greater San Antonio metropolitan area.
 It is located in Uptown Central San Antonio, about 8 miles north of Downtown.
 Its has three runways and covers 2,305 acres (933 ha).
 Its elevation is 809 ft above sea level.
 SAT is a Class C airport.
The San Antonio Crowne Plaza is a 10 story hotel near the San Antonio Airport San Antonio, Texas, USA.
 Located 2.6 miles from the San Antonio International Airport, this contemporary hotel is also 7 miles from the San Antonio River Walk and 10 miles from the Alamo.
M7 Aerospace LP is an aerospace company with its headquarters on the property of San Antonio International Airport in Uptown San Antonio, Texas, United States.
Trinity University is a private liberal arts college in San Antonio, Texas.
 Founded in 1869, its campus is located in the Monte Vista Historic District adjacent to Brackenridge Park.
 The campus is three miles north of downtown San Antonio and the River Walk and six miles south of the San Antonio International Airport.
 The student body consists of approximately 2,300 undergraduate and 200 graduate students.
 Trinity offers 42 majors and 57 minors among 6 degree programs and has an endowment of $1.1 billion, the 85th largest in the country, which permits it to provide resources typically associated with much larger colleges and universities.
Northern California TRACON (NCT) (Terminal Radar Approach Control), or NorCal TRACON for short, is an air traffic control facility that provides safety alerts, separation, and sequencing of air traffic arriving, departing, and transiting the airspace and airports in Northern California.
 Located in Rancho Cordova near Sacramento, NCT controls airspace over 19000 square miles, and serves Reno International Airport, Sacramento International Airport, San Jose International Airport, Oakland International Airport, and San Francisco International Airport, plus 19 other smaller airports with air traffic control towers.
 NCT is the 3rd busiest TRACON in America.
 NorCal TRACON is the step between local control (in an airport's control tower) and Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC), in this case, Oakland Center (ICAO code: ZOA).
 San Francisco International Airport is the 2nd largest airport in California and the largest airport serving Northern California.
The Artist Foundation of San Antonio, co-founded in 2005 by Bettie Ward and Patricia Pratchett, is a non-profit organization which gives San Antonio, Texas artists grants up to $12,500 annually.
 The Foundation is a subsidiary of ARTS San Antonio and distinguishes itself in that it supports individual artists directly with funds for proposed projects.
 In some ways, this relatively hands-off approach to allow artists room for creative liberty is reminiscent of the philosophy of Artpace, a premiere international residency also in San Antonio.
 The Foundation supports a wide array of disciplines including performing arts, visual arts, media arts and literary arts.
 Every year the foundation holds San Antonio's ArtBall to help raise funds for the artists.
San Japan is a Japanese culture and anime convention held annually in San Antonio, Texas.
 The event, which debuted in 2008, is San Antonio's first major anime convention and has developed into the largest Japanese fan-oriented convention in the city.
 Many credit San Japan with forcing open the doors for big pop-culture conventions in the Alamo City, such as Alamo City Comic Con (established in 2013 and one of the largest and fastest growing comic conventions in the country).
 San Japan was noted in the 2015 San Antonio Current City Guide "100 Things To Do In San Antonio Before You Die".
San Antonio International was an American soccer club based in San Antonio, Texas that was a member of the Lone Star Soccer Alliance.
The San Antonio River (Spanish, Río San Antonio, Portuguese, Rio Santo Antônio; also called San Antonio Guazú) is a tributary of the Iguazu River.
 The San Antonio River forms the border between Misiones Province in Argentina and Paraná State in Brazil.
 South of the San Antonio's source near Barracão, the international border continues south along the Pepiri-Guazu River, which forms the border between Misiones Province and Santa Catarina State.
