Saint John's Cathedral Boys' School (SJCBS) was a school that was located in Selkirk, Manitoba.
 It was founded in the early 1960s by Ted Byfield and Frank Wiens.
 The two started an Anglican lay order called the Company of the Cross, claimed to be based on a reading of some of C.S. Lewis's writings.
 The Company of the Cross was under the authority of the resident bishop in Winnipeg, officially called the Diocese of Rupert's Land.
 The teachers were paid $1.00 per day and provided room and board.
 Two other schools, Saint John's School of Alberta and Saint John's School of Ontario were founded on the same ideas in later years.
 Arduous row-boat trips (called "cutters"), later replaced by canoes, and snowshoeing and dog-sledding were part of the outdoor education program.
 The school's founders believed that boys should be pushed to what they might believe is their breaking points, and this would "build character".
 The school was seen by many as a way to help troubled boys, usually from 11 to 14 years of age.
 Its primary focus was challenging boys from every social stratum to work together in order to grow morally, physically, intellectually and spiritually in the tradition of Victorian "muscular Christianity".
Khirbet Qeiyafa (Elah Fortress; Hirbet Kaifeh) is the site of an ancient fortress city overlooking the Elah Valley.
 The ruins of the fortress were uncovered in 2007, near the Israeli city of Beit Shemesh, 30 km from Jerusalem.
 It covers nearly 2.5 ha and is encircled by a 700-meter-long (2,300 ft) city wall constructed of stones weighing up to eight tons each.
 A number of archaeologists, mainly Yosef Garfinkel and Saar Ganor, have claimed that it might be the biblical city of Sha'arayim, because of the two gates discovered on the site, or Neta'im and that the large building at the center is an administrative building dating to the reign of King David, where he might have lodged at some point.
 this is based on their conclusions that the site dates to the early Iron IIA, ca. 1025–975 BCE, a range which includes the biblical date for the Kingdom of David.
 Others are sceptical, and suggest it might represent either a North Israelite, Philistine or Canaanite fortress.
 The techniques and interpretations used to reach the conclusion that Khirbet Qeiyafa was a fortress of King David have been criticised.
John James Capozzi, Jr. (D) served as the second District of Columbia Shadow U.S. Representative, during 1995-1997 and is a former 17 year at-large member of the District of Columbia Democratic State Committee.
 He ran as a Candidate to become an At-Large Councilmember on the Council of the District of Columbia and was defeated September 10, 1996.
 Capozzi is considered the possible inspiration for the character Tommy Carcetti in the HBO drama "The Wire".
 He previously worked for BRMi Consulting as a Recruitment Manager.
 Currently, Capozzi works for the Office of the Chief Technology Officer of the District of Columbia as a Project Manager.
Fictional portrayals of psychopaths, or sociopaths, are some of the most notorious in film and literature but may only vaguely or partly relate to the concept of psychopathy, which is itself used with varying definitions by mental health professionals, criminologists and others.
 The character may be identified as a diagnosed/assessed psychopath or sociopath within the fictional work itself, or by its creator when discussing their intentions with the work, which might be distinguished from opinions of audiences or critics based only on a character appearing to show traits or behaviors associated with an undefined popular stereotype of psychopathy.
John F. Harris (born 1962) is the former Chief of Staff to the Governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich.
 He resigned in December 2008 after being charged, along with Blagojevich, with wire fraud .
On March 28, 2012 Harris was sentenced by Judge James B. Zagel.
 In contrast to the 14-year sentence Judge Zagel previously handed down to former Governor Blagojevich, Harris was sentenced to a period of 10 days incarceration, two years supervised release and a $1000 fine.
 In imposing the unusually lenient sentence, Judge Zagel noted that the former Governor had worn down his staff and demonstrated signs of “mental instability.”
 Judge Zagel observed that other than leaving the administration earlier if he were in Harris’ shoes, he might have acted the same way.
 The Judge also acknowledged an unusual number of character reference letters in support of Harris that had been received from prominent city and state political and business figures.
Capt. John Yossarian is a fictional character, the protagonist of Joseph Heller's satirical novel "Catch-22" and its sequel "Closing Time".
 In "Catch-22", Yossarian might be a 28-year-old captain in the 256th squadron of the Army Air Forces where he could serve as a B-25 bombardier stationed on the small island of Pianosa off the Italian mainland during World War II.
 Yossarian's exploits are based on the experiences of the author: Heller was also a bombardier in the Army Air Corps, stationed on an island off the coast of Italy during World War II.
Marsha Armitage was the lead vocalist.
 The band was initially based in Providence (several of the band members attended Brown University) and played locally in the Boston-Providence area.
 The band generated tremendous energy and had a devoted following, but struggled to sign to a record label.
 In 1981, the band relocated to New York City.
 Shortly thereafter, John Linnell left the band to pursue another musical project, They Might Be Giants, with John Flansburgh.
 Drummer Kevin Tooley was replaced by Peter Clemente, and Jim Gillson replaced John Linnell on keyboards.
 The band continued to gig in New England and played frequently in New York City venues, including CBGB.
 David Hemmings, who had previously managed Pat Travers and Ozzy Osbourne, took on the band's management.
 They recorded a demo at RCA Studios, produced by Mick Ronson, that attracted record label attention, but the band remained unsigned and ultimately broke up in mid-1983.
Lincoln is the second album by the band They Might Be Giants.
 It was released by Bar/None in 1988.
 The album is named after the capital city of Lincoln, Nebraska and John Linnell and John Flansburgh's boyhood home of Lincoln, Massachusetts.
 The album produced three singles — "Ana Ng", "They'll Need a Crane", and "Purple Toupee".
 It is included on "", a compilation of the band's early material, in its entirety.
Direct from Brooklyn is a compilation of music videos by American alternative rock group They Might Be Giants.
 It was released on VHS in 1999 and DVD in 2003.
 The title refers to the home of John Linnell and John Flansburgh, founding members of the band.
 Many of the music videos were filmed in Brooklyn and other parts of New York City.
Because of the obscurity of the name Perseus and the legendary character of its bearer, most etymologists presume that it might be pre-Greek; however, the name of Perseus’ native city was Greek and so were the names of his wife and relatives.
 There is some idea that it descended into Greek from the Proto-Indo-European language.
 In that regard Robert Graves has proposed the only Greek derivation available.
 Perseus might be from the Greek verb, "πέρθειν" ("perthein"), “to waste, ravage, sack, destroy”, some form of which appears in Homeric epithets.
 According to Carl Darling Buck ("Comparative Grammar of Greek and Latin"), the "–eus" suffix is typically used to form an agent noun, in this case from the aorist stem, "pers-".
 "Pers-eus" therefore is a sacker of cities; that is, a soldier by occupation, a fitting name for the first Mycenaean warrior.
