The Salem Soldiers were a basketball team from Salem, Oregon that played in the International Basketball League from 2005–07 and in 2012.
 Originally the Salem Stampede, they played home games in the Salem Armory, which seats 3,000 for basketball.
 In 2007 the team played home games in Salem's Douglas McKay High School.
 The team became the Soldiers in 2012 when they returned to the IBL, their final season with the Salem Sabres entering the league the next year.
Thee Toledo Reign (known commonly as Toledo Reign) is a women's full-contact tackle football team in the Women's Football Alliance.
 Based in Toledo, Ohio they play in the spring and early summer, usually between April and July.
 The Reign has played home games at various stadiums in the northwest Ohio and southeast Michigan regions including Bedford Public Schools (Michigan) and Central Catholic High School (Toledo, Ohio).
 In the 2014 season the Reign played home games at both Waite High School (Toledo, Ohio) and Fremont Ross High School.
 The Reign originally played in the Women's Professional Football League.
The Nashua Pride were a professional baseball team based in Nashua, New Hampshire, in the United States, not affiliated with Major League Baseball.
 They played home games at Holman Stadium from 1998 through 2008, when they were sold and renamed the American Defenders of New Hampshire.
 In 2010 that team moved to Pittsfield, Massachusetts, and became the Pittsfield Colonials.
 The franchise itself no longer exists, as the Colonials folded after the 2011 baseball season.
The Vero Beach Devil Rays, originally the Vero Beach Dodgers, were a minor league baseball team based in Vero Beach, Florida.
 They played in the Class A-Advanced Florida State League from 1980–2008, at which point they relocated to Port Charlotte, Florida as the Charlotte Stone Crabs.
 They played their home games at Holman Stadium.
The Hartford Dark Blues were a Major League Baseball club in the 1870s, based in Hartford, Connecticut for three seasons and in Brooklyn, New York for one.
 Hartford was a member of the National Association (NA), 1874 –1875 and a founding member of the National League (NL) in 1876 , when it played home games at the Hartford Ball Club Grounds.
 During 1877 the team played home games at the Union Grounds in Brooklyn and was sometimes called the Brooklyn Hartfords.
The Arizona League Dodgers are the Rookie Level minor league affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
 They were formerly known as the Gulf Coast League (GCL) Dodgers and played in Vero Beach, Florida, at Dodgertown (specifically on the historic Field One).
 Dodgertown includes Holman Stadium, which is also the former spring training home to the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers.
 The team was composed mainly of players who were in their first year of professional baseball either as draftees or non-drafted free agents.
Pitt Stadium was a stadium located on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania from 1925 to 1999.
 It served primarily as the home of the University of Pittsburgh's football team, the Pittsburgh Panthers.
 It was also used for other University sporting events, including Pittsburgh Panthers basketball, baseball, rifle, track, and gymnastics.
 Designed by University of Pittsburgh graduate W. S. Hindman, the US$2.1 million stadium was built after the seating capacity of the Panthers' previous home, Forbes Field, was deemed inadequate in light of the growing popularity of college football.
 Pitt Stadium also served as the second home of the Pittsburgh Steelers, the city's National Football League (NFL) franchise.
 After demolition, the Pittsburgh Panthers football team played home games at Three Rivers Stadium in 2000, before moving to Heinz Field in 2001.
The Green Bay Packers have played home games in eight stadiums since their establishment as a professional football team in 1919.
 Their first home was Hagemeister Park, where they played from 1919 to 1922, including their first two seasons in the National Football League (NFL).
 Hagemeister Park was a park owned by the Hagemeister brewery; during games ropes were set-up around the field and attendees either walked up or parked their cars nearby and used them for seats.
 After the first season, a small grandstand was built and the field was fenced off.
 Green Bay East High School was built at the location of Hagemeister Park in 1922, which forced the Packers to move to Bellevue Park, a small minor league baseball stadium that seated 5,000.
 They only played for two seasons at Bellevue Park before moving to City Stadium in 1925.
 Although City Stadium was the Packers' official home field, in 1933 they began to play part of their home schedule in Milwaukee to attract more fans and revenue.
 After hosting one game at Borchert Field in 1933, the Packers played two or three home games each year in Milwaukee, at Wisconsin State Fair Park from 1934 to 1951 and at Marquette Stadium in 1952.
 The games were moved to Milwaukee County Stadium after it opened in 1953 and continued through 1994, after which the Packers moved back to Green Bay permanently.
El-Kanemi Warriors Football Club is a football team based in Maiduguri, Borno, Nigeria.
 They play at El-Kanemi Stadium.
 They ended their 2005 season in the lower half of the Nigeria Premier League.
They were relegated to the Nigeria Division 1 in 2007.
 They were promoted back to the top level in 2012.
 Due to the Boko Haram insurgency, in 2014 they played home games in Kano.
 From 2015 to 2016 they hosted their home games at the Muhammadu Dikko Stadium in Katsina before returning to Maiduguri and El-Kanemi Stadium.
The Nashua Silver Knights is a summer collegiate baseball team based in Nashua, New Hampshire.
 It is a charter member of the Futures Collegiate Baseball League (FCBL), a wood-bat league with a 56-game regular season comprising 9 teams from New Hampshire to western Connecticut.
 The team's home games are played at Holman Stadium in Nashua.
 The team is owned by Drew Weber, who used to also own the Lowell Spinners, the Class A minor league affiliate of the Boston Red Sox.
