"Daddy Don't You Walk So Fast" is a song written by Peter Callander and Geoff Stephens and performed by Wayne Newton.
 It sold over one million copies and was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA in July 1972.
 The song reached number 3 on the adult contemporary chart, and number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 The song spent one week at number 1 on the "Cashbox" chart on August 5, 1972, one week at number 1 in Canada, and spent three weeks at number 1 in Australia.
 The song appeared on Newton's 1972 album, "Daddy Don't You Walk So Fast".
Between Now and Forever is the second studio album by American country music artist Bryan White.
 It was released in 1996 (see 1996 in country music) on Asylum Records.
 Like his debut album "Bryan White", it was certified platinum by the RIAA for U.S. sales of one million copies.
 The album produced four singles for White on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
 In order of release, these were "I'm Not Supposed to Love You Anymore" (number 4), "So Much for Pretending" (number 1), "That's Another Song" (number 15), and "Sittin' on Go" (number 1).
 "Sittin' on Go" was also his last Number One hit.
"I Think We're Alone Now" is a song written and composed by Ritchie Cordell that was the title selection for a highly successful album released by the American recording artists Tommy James and the Shondells.
 "I Think We're Alone Now" was a 1967 US hit for James and the Shondells, reaching number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
 The song has since been covered several times by other artists.
 The late 1987 recording by Tiffany reached number 1 on the charts of various countries including the US, UK, Canada, and New Zealand.
 One month earlier, another Tommy James song had also hit number 1—Billy Idol's version of "Mony, Mony".
 Other cover versions have also charted, including those by The Rubinoos (number 45 US, 1977) and Girls Aloud (number 4 UK, 2006).
"Double Barrel" is a 1970 reggae single by Dave and Ansil Collins, the second reggae tune to top the charts in the UK, two years after Desmond Dekker's number 1 ska breakthrough hit "Israelites".
 The record, credited in both the UK and the U.S. to 'Dave and Ansil Collins', reached number 1 on the UK Singles Chart for the first two weeks in May 1971.
 In the U.S., "Double Barrel" peaked at number 22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on 7 August 1971 and number 4 on WLS on 28 June 1971, two years to the week after "Israelites" made a nearly identical climb to peak at the same position on the same chart.
 It also reached #1 in Mexico on October 23, 1971.
The discography of B*Witched, an Irish pop girl group, consists of two studio album, one extended play and one compilation.
 The group released their debut single "C'est la Vie" on 25 May 1998.
 Despite mixed reviews, it reached Number 1 on the UK charts, making them the youngest female group ever to do so, and also made Number 9 in the US.
 Subsequent singles "Rollercoaster", "To You I Belong" and "Blame It on the Weatherman" also topped the UK charts.
 The group's debut album, "B*Witched", was released in October 1998, reaching Number 3 in the UK charts and was certified Double Platinum in the UK and Platinum in the US.
 B*Witched's second album, "Awake and Breathe", released almost exactly a year after their debut, peaked at Number 5 on the charts and was certified Platinum.
 Singles from the album were less successful than earlier releases ("Jesse Hold On" reached Number 4, "I Shall Be There" Number 13 and "Jump Down" Number 16 in the UK).
 The latter two appeared on their new American EP, "Across America 2000", along with live tracks and the earlier cover of "Does Your Mother Know".
 However, in September 2002, the group officially split when O'Carroll decided to leave the band.
"FutureSex/LoveSound" is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Justin Timberlake for his second studio album, "FutureSex/LoveSounds" (2006).
 It was written and produced by Timberlake, Timothy "Timbaland" Mosley and Nate "Danja" Hills.
 The song was produced following Timberlake's two-year hiatus from the music industry, when he felt "burnt out" after the release of his debut solo album "Justified" in 2002.
 "FutureSex/LoveSound" incorporates elements of new wave and industrial rock into its production.
 The song received generally mixed reviews from music critics, with some of them praising its production and others criticizing its simplistic lyrics.
 Following the release of the album, "FutureSex/LoveSound" peaked at number 13 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
 It was included on the set list of Timberlake's second worldwide tour FutureSex/LoveShow (2007).
"I Want to Be Loved Like That" is a song written by Phil Barnhart, Sam Hogin and Bill LaBounty, and recorded by American country music band Shenandoah.
 It was released in September 1993 as the second single from the album "Under the Kudzu".
 The song spent twenty weeks on the Hot Country Songs charts, reaching a peak of number 3.
 It also went to number 2 on "Gavin Report" and number 1 on "Radio & Records".
 The song also peaked at number 4 on the "RPM" Country Tracks charts dated for January 24, 1994.
"Dead and Gone" is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., featuring American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake.
 It was released as the eighth single from T.I.'s sixth studio album, "Paper Trail" (2008).
 Due to the high number of digital downloads upon the album's release, the song debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 before its official single release.
 The song marked the second collaboration between T.I. and Justin Timberlake, the first being the hit single "My Love", from Timberlake's second album, "FutureSex/LoveSounds" (2006).
 T.I. and Timberlake performed this song at the 51st Grammy Awards.
 The song was later nominated twice at the 52nd Grammy Awards, for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration and Best Rap Song.
 It was the 10th bestselling digital single of 2009 in the United States.
 As of 2012, it had sold 3.1 million copies in the country.
"Galveston" is a song written by Jimmy Webb and popularized by American country music singer Glen Campbell who recorded it with the instrumental backing of members of The Wrecking Crew.
 In 2003, this song ranked number 8 in "CMT's 100 Greatest Songs in Country Music".
 Campbell's version of the song also went to number 1 on the country music charts.
 On other charts, "Galveston" went to number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number one on the "Easy Listening" charts.
 It was certified gold by the RIAA in October 1969.
The following is the discography of South Korean boy group BTS.
 The group debuted in South Korea on June 2013 with single album, "2 Cool 4 Skool", at number 5 on South Korean Week 31 Gaon Weekly Chart.
 They made a comeback on September 2013 with an extended play, "O!RUL8,2?
", which peaked at number 4 on Week 38 Gaon Weekly Chart.
 BTS then released their second extended play, "Skool Luv Affair", in February 2014, where it charted at number 1 on Week 18 Gaon Weekly Chart.
 This also marked the first time their album charted on international charts, Billboard World Albums and Japan's Oricon Chart, specifically.
 A repackaged version of the album, "Skool Luv Affair Special Addition" which was released in May 2014, also peaked at number 1 on Week 21 Gaon Weekly Chart.
