Enterprise is a fictional spaceship that appeared in the American science fiction television series "".
 It had the in-universe registration of NX-01 and appeared earlier in the franchise timeline than any other Starfleet ship named "Enterprise".
 The producers of the series had originally intended to use an Akira-class starship as seen in "" (1996), but production designer Herman Zimmerman talked them into using a design with greater influence from "".
 Doug Drexler designed the exterior of the vessel, eventually arriving at the final design after also suggesting a "Daedalus"-class starship with a sphere-shaped primary hull, and a ship more reminiscent of the USS "Enterprise" (NCC-1701) complete with secondary hull.
USS "William H. Bates" (SSN-680), a "Sturgeon"-class attack submarine, was planned to be the second U.S. Navy ship to be named USS "Redfish"—for the redfish, a variety of salmon also called blueback, sawqui, red salmon, and nerka—when the contract to build her was awarded to Ingalls Shipbuilding in Pascagoula, Mississippi, on 25 June 1968.
 However, upon the 22 June 1969 death of William H. Bates (1917–1969), the U.S. Representative from Massachusetts's 6th Congressional District (1950–1969) known for his staunch support of nuclear propulsion in the U.S. Navy, she was renamed "William H. Bates" and was laid down on 4 August 1969 as the only ship of the U.S. Navy to have borne the name.
 The reason for her naming by then-Secretary of the Navy John Chafee, breaking with a long-standing Navy tradition of naming U.S. Navy attack submarines for sea creatures, was best summed up by Admiral Hyman Rickover, the then-director of the Navy's nuclear reactors program, with the pithy comment that, "Fish don't vote!"
USS "Daedalus" (ARL-35) was one of 39 "Achelous"-class landing craft repair ships built for the United States Navy during World War II.
 Named for Daedalus (in Greek mythology, an exiled Athenian who served in the courts of Minos and Kokalos, regarded as representative of artists and artisans of the later Minoan or Mykenaian age; imprisoned by Minos, he made wings to escape), she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.
Luis Jiménez de Asúa (June 19, 1889 in Madrid - November 16, 1970 in Buenos Aires) was a jurist and Spanish politician.
 He was vice president of the Spanish parliament and representative of that country before the United Nations.
 During the Francoist dictatorship he exiled himself to Argentina.
 In 1962 he was named president of the Spanish Republican government in Exile.
The Yangshao culture was a Neolithic culture that existed extensively along the Yellow River in China.
 It is dated from around 5000 BC to 3000 BC.
 The culture is named after Yangshao, the first excavated representative village of this culture, which was discovered in 1921 in Henan Province by the Swedish geologist Johan Gunnar Andersson (1874–1960).
 The culture flourished mainly in the provinces of Henan, Shaanxi and Shanxi.
Crates (Greek: Κράτης ) was an Athenian Old Comic poet, who was victorious three times at the City Dionysia, first probably in the late 450s or very early 440s BCE (IG II2 2325.
 52; just before Callias and Teleclides); a scholium on Aristophanes "Knights" 537 (test.
 3.
 2) reports that he was originally one of Cratinus' actors.
 Aristophanes at "Knights" 537–40 (424 BCE) refers to him as an important representative of the previous generation, and according to Aristotle in the "Poetics" (test.
 5) the influence of the Sicilian comic poets made him the first Athenian comic poet to abandon the ‘iambic’ style and produce plays with a connected storyline.
 The "Suda" reports that his brother was an epic poet named Epilycus (otherwise unknown).
Cadwalader Inlet is an ice-filled inlet about 22 nmi long, indenting the northeast coast of Thurston Island between Evans Peninsula and Lofgren Peninsula.
 It was discovered on helicopter flights from the USS "Burton Island" and USS "Glacier" by personnel of the U.S. Navy Bellingshausen Sea Expedition in February 1960.
 It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain John Cadwalader, U.S. Navy, chief of staff to U.S. Antarctic Projects Officer and representative of Task Unit Commander aboard the "Burton Island" in February 1960.
Limenius (Greek: Λιμένιος ; fl.
 2nd century BC) was an Athenian musician and the creator of the Second Delphic Hymn in 128 BC.
 He is the earliest known composer in recorded history for a surviving piece of music, or one of the two earliest, or the second-earliest, depending first on whether one accepts the proposition of that the composer of the First Delphic Hymn is named Athenaeus and, second, whether that hymn was composed in the same year as the Second Hymn, or ten years earlier.
 Limenius was a performer on the kithara and, as a professional musician performing in the Pythaïs (the liturgical embassy to the cult centre of Pythian Apollo at Delphi), he was required to belong to one of the guilds of the Artists of Dionysus .
The Horsehead Amphora is a specific type of amphora, produced in Athens from about 600 BC onwards.
 They are vessels with a very pronounced belly, decorated with black figure horseheads on both sides.
 In a single case, one side depicts a woman’s head.
 In contrast to earlier belly amphorae, the painters did not apply a separate frieze on the neck.
 The decoration was painted within reserved rectangular panels; the remaining vase of the body was painted black.
 More than 100 such amphorae are known; they were painted by a variety of artists, including ones of mediocre quality.
 The amphorae appear to have had a specific meaning or purpose, remains elusive to modern scholarship.
 Some scholars have suggested that they were grave vases, but not a single specimen was found in a grave context.
 Should that interpretation be correct, the horses may be connected with Hades, or be symbols of Poseidon in an unusual role as god of the underworld.
 A further possibility is that the vases served as victory prizes.
 Erika Simon proposed that they were typical votive dedications using by the Athenian nobility, who also provided the state’s cavalry.
 In that case, the horsehead would be a symbol of social standing.
 According to John D. Beazley, the vases were part of the Athenian vase painters' repertoire for less than half a century.
 No stylistic development can be detected.
 It is possible that they were precursors to the Panathenaic prize amphorae.
 The Painter of the Aachen horsehead is named for his habit of painting horsehead amphorae.
USS "L. Mendel Rivers" (SSN-686), a "Sturgeon"-class attack submarine in commission from 1975 to 2001, is the only ship of the United States Navy thus far to have been named for L. Mendel Rivers (1905–1970), U.S. Representative from South Carolina' s 1st Congressional District (1941–1970).
