VS-32, Sea Control Squadron 32, known as the "Maulers" was established as Composite Squadron 32 (VC-32) on 31 May 1949.
 It was redesignated Air Anti-Submarine Squadron 32 (VS-32) on 20 April 1950.
 The squadron initially flew the Grumman TBM-3E/-3W Avenger and was based at Naval Air Station Norfolk, Virginia.
 In 1951 the squadron moved to Naval Air Station Quonset Point, Rhode Island.
 VS-32 transitioned to the Grumman S2F-1 "Tracker" in 1954.
 The VS community moved in October 1973 to the homeport located at Naval Air Station Cecil Field, Florida.
 The squadron participated in Operation Desert Storm in 1991.
 Since the closing of NAS Cecil Field, the East coast VS Squadrons have moved to Naval Air Station Jacksonville in 1999.
 VS-32 was deactivated effective 30 September 2008 in a deactivation ceremony on 25 September.
The Harvey Point Defense Testing Activity facility, owned by the Department of Defense, is located on a peninsula in Perquimans County, North Carolina, along the Albemarle Sound, near the city of Hertford, NC.
 It was established in World War II as Naval Auxiliary Air Station Harvey Point, an operating base for sea planes conducting anti-submarine surveillance off the Atlantic coast.
 A close-by naval facility, Naval Air Station Weeksville, served as a blimp base from 1941 to 1957, while another former naval air facility remains active as Coast Guard Air Station Elizabeth City.
.
Martha's Vineyard Naval Auxiliary Air Station was a United States Navy facility located in Edgartown and West Tisbury, Massachusetts operational from 1943 to 1946.
 It existed as an auxiliary air facility of Naval Air Station Quonset Point.
The Grand Prairie Armed Forces Reserve Complex (formerly Naval Air Station Dallas or Hensley Field) is a former United States Navy Naval Air Station located on Mountain Creek Lake in southwest Dallas.
 The installation was originally established as an Army Aviation center, and eventually became home to aviation assets from all the military services.
 The facility was decommissioned as a naval air station in December 1998 pursuant to BRAC action and the extant Naval Air Reserve, Marine Air Reserve and Texas Air National Guard flying units (wings, groups, squadrons) relocating to the nearby former Carswell AFB, which was concurrently transferred to U.S. Navy custody via the Base Realignment and Closure Commission action and renamed Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth / Carswell Field.
Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi is an Air Station of the United States Coast Guard located in Corpus Christi, Texas.
 The Station is co-located with Sector Corpus Christi offices at Naval Air Station Corpus Christi.
 The Coast Guard Air Detachment was established on 20 November 1950, and served the entire western Gulf of Mexico with one PBY-5 Catalina fixed wing aircraft, and four pilots.
 In 1965, the detachment was formally designated USCG Air Station Corpus Christi.
 Early aircraft consisted of HU-16E Albatross, HH-52A Seaguard helicopter, HC-131 Samaritan, and HU-25A fanjet's.
 Following extensive personnel and equipment changes in the operations department, the air station became fully operational on October 15, 1980, and operated as one of thirteen Coast Guard Group units between Port O'Connor, Texas and the Mexican border.
 The Station, maintained a 24-hour Search and rescue capability, with the use of three HH-52A helicopters and three HU-25A fanjet's.
 The Unit averaged over 400 rescues a year, which included searches for overdue vessels, assisting sinking or disabled boats, and medical evacuations from offshore oil rigs.
 In the spring of 1986 the station's HH-52s were replaced with the Aérospatiale HH-65 Dolphin helicopter.
 In May 2005 the Coast Guard commissioned Air station Corpus Christi to combine all the units within the area of Port Lavaca to Brownsville under one unified command.
Brewton Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 12J) is a city-owned public-use airport located 3 NM south of the central business district of Brewton, a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States.
 Originally constructed by the U.S. Navy during World War II as an auxiliary field to the Naval Air Station Pensacola complex, it was later redesignated as Navy Outlying Landing Field (NOLF) Brewton before being conveyed to the city of Brewton as a public use facility.
 Although under civilian ownership, the airfield still functions concurrently as NOLF Brewton and is used by Navy training aircraft located at Naval Air Station Whiting Field, Florida.
Naval Air Station Glenview or NAS Glenview was an operational U.S. Naval Air Station from 1923 to 1995.
 Located in Glenview, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, the air base primarily operated training aircraft as well as seaplanes on nearby Lake Michigan during World War II.
 Reconfigured as a Naval Air Reserve base following World War II, NAS Glenview supported Naval Air Reserve, Marine Air Reserve/4th Marine Aircraft Wing, and U.S. Army Reserve 244th Aviation Group as well as an active duty Coast Guard Air Station.
Naval Air Station Midway Island, also known as NAS Midway, Naval Air Facility Midway, and NAF Midway (former ICAO PMDY), was a U.S. Naval Air Station in the Midway Atoll, the northernmost group of the Hawaiian archipelago.
 It was in operation from 1941 to 1993, and played an important role in trans-Pacific aviation during those years.
 Through its lifetime, the facility was variously designated as a Naval Air Station, a Naval Air Facility, and a naval base.
 It was finally closed on 1 October 1993.
Naval Air Station Ellyson Field was a former U.S. Navy training base, established in Escambia County, Florida in 1940 at the outset of World War II as an auxiliary facility to Chevalier Field at Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida.
 Originally designated Base Field 01913 (Site 3), located on the west side of Escambia Bay 16 miles northeast of NAS Pensacola, construction on an expanded facility, officially named Ellyson Field in honor of CDR Theodore G. “Spuds” Ellyson, the Navy’s first aviator, began on 26 February 1941.
 It had three red brick hangars common to the various Navy airfields in the Pensacola area, and eight paved runways, the longest of which was 3,550 ft in length.
Carrier Air Wing One (CVW-1) is a United States Navy aircraft carrier air wing based at Naval Air Station Oceana, Virginia, with most of its various squadrons also home based at NAS Oceana.
 Additional squadrons are based at Naval Station Norfolk/Chambers Field, Virginia; Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina; Naval Air Station Whidbey Island, Washington; and Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Florida.
 Carrier Air Wing One is assigned to USS Harry S. Truman (CVN 75).
